I've been spying on my sister for about two months; watching her change her clothes through her bedroom window. I never thought I'd take it any farther than just spying. She is my sister, after all. To me it's just a good way to see some tits, ass and pussy on a regular basis.
My sister and I are twins. We get along great, not like some brothers and sisters. Our dad is in the Navy and we've never lived anywhere long enough to develop close friendships with other kids, so we've become each other's best friend by default. We're both pretty smart and have tested in the top percentile of our classes academically. We do just about everything together. We go to the movies, hang out at the mall, sometimes we even double date. I also think we have a special connection because we're twins.
During our senior year in high school, right after we turned 18, we moved to San Diego and our dad shipped out for a six-month tour of duty aboard a destroyer. Mom works as a paralegal, for a law firm downtown, so we are home by ourselves after school every day. This is our first house with a pool and that's where my sister and I spend most of our time.
I've noticed my sister's body developing over the last couple of years, but I was not prepared for the feast my eyes got when my sexy, twin sister started spending most of her time in a skimpy swimsuit. She's blossomed into a size 34B and the sexy curves of her tits, visible around the minimal material of her swimsuit top, captivate me. Her firm, young ass rounds out the bottoms of her swimsuit in a way that would make any guy look twice. Being around my sister, in our swimsuits every day, is getting to me. I find that I can't keep my eyes, or my mind, off of her firm, young tits or her cute little ass.
We are playing in our backyard pool one afternoon, dunking each other and generally fooling around, when my sister climbs her way up my body and tries to dunk me. She seems oblivious to the amount of bare skin contact between us, but my cock certainly isn't. I have to maneuver myself sideways so she won't feel my hard-on.
Her swimsuit top is stretched tightly across her breasts and, when it gets wet, her nipples make pretty obvious bumps in the thin material. Pushing on my shoulders, she lifts herself out of the water, trying to dunk me. At 18 I've had a few girlfriends, but I've never seen a sight as sexy as my sister's tanned tits two inches from my face. I desperately want to see them uncovered.
We finish in the pool and my sister goes in the house to change. My cock hardens as I watch her tight ass wiggle across the patio toward the sliding glass door. I can't believe how badly I want to see her naked body. I tell her I'm going to check the filtration system and will be right in.
Instead, I walk around the side of the house to my sister's bedroom window. This side of our house has a covered walkway with lots of bushes. I position myself to see in her window, without her or our nosy neighbors seeing me. I look for an opening in her blinds so I can watch her change, but the way the blinds are positioned, I can only see the ceiling. I give up (for that day) and go in to change.
The next day while my sister is watching TV in the family room, I sneak into her room and adjust her blinds, leaving about an inch and a half gap between the bottom of the blind and the windowsill. After changing into my swimsuit, I head out toward the pool.
"Hey Lisa, I'm going in the pool. Want to go?" I ask my sister casually as I walk through the family room and out the sliding glass door.
"Sure, I'll be there in a sec," she says, getting up from the couch and turning off the TV.
That's my cue. Around the house I go. I get to her window just in time to see her entering her bedroom. She is pulling her shirt up as she closes the door. I stand there mesmerized, as she tosses the shirt on her bed and begins taking off her bra. My cock jumps, creating a bulge in my swimsuit, when I get my first look at her teen sized mounds. I stare at them, enraptured by her inch and a half areolas and little pink nipples. But the real treat is watching her unzip her shorts and slide them down her tan legs.
My sister is average height, with a flat stomach, and a body that curves in all the right places. She turns from the window while taking her shorts off and I'm looking at her panty-clad ass, as she bends over. I start rubbing my cock through my swimsuit, to relieve some of the pressure, as she hooks her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and slides them down.
My god! Her ass is spectacular. Her firm, young cheeks curve just enough to make you want to grab a handful and plant kisses all over them. Bent over like that, a few blonde pubic hairs and just a hint of her pussy lips are visible between her legs. I can't wait for her to turn around so I can see the rest of her. But, instead, as I'm admiring her ass, she slips her swimsuit bottom over her feet and pulls it up. I get one last peek at her ass, before she grabs the elastic on the sides of her suit and pulls them down to cover her cute round cheeks. Hooking her swimsuit top, she turns it around so the hook is in the back and the cups are in the front.
I belatedly notice that she's standing in front of her dresser, which has a big mirror over it. Through the mirror, I get one more look at her nipple-tipped mounds as she slips her arms in the straps, pulls her swim suit top up over her chest, and reaches inside each cup to adjust her tits. She checks herself in the mirror and opens her bedroom door.
Shit! I better get in the pool fast. I've been so engrossed in watching her change that I didn't think about what would happen if she saw me coming around the side of the house and I wasn't even wet yet. Speaking of cumming around the side of the house; that was going to have to wait. I'm still hard as I hit the pool at a run and swim to the deep end, treading water, as she comes out of the house.
"How's the water?"
"Great, come on in!" I yell, hoping the cool water will relieve me of my uncomfortable, and obvious condition.
We stay in the pool for about an hour, fooling around like we usually do. If my sister notices anything different, in the way I'm acting or looking at her, she doesn't let on. I'm trying to act normal, but every time her tits get close to me, I can't help but think about her pink nipples sticking out from her firm young breasts. When she sits on the edge of the pool, dangling her legs and pushing the water sideways with her foot, I stare at the crotch of her swimsuit, imagining how her pussy looks. Fortunately, I don't have to imagine for very long.
When we're finished, I again make an excuse about checking the filter and run around to the side of the house. I wait a while and start getting nervous that maybe my sister is coming back outside. I'm just about to abandon my position when she walks into her bedroom with a towel wrapped around her. She's taken her wet swimsuit off in the bathroom and is now dropping the towel, as she closes her bedroom door. My eyes are glued to her pussy and what a sight! It isn't the first pussy I've ever seen, but the excitement of seeing my twin sister's pussy, makes my cock spring to life.
She has a nice v-shaped patch of blonde hair that almost covers her pussy lips, which are protruding slightly downward between her legs. I'm rubbing my cock like crazy and trying to take it all in, remembering how fast she changed earlier. But I'm in for a wonderful surprise. My sister puts on lotion after she swims - before she gets dressed.
I watch her standing naked, in front of the mirror, squeezing lotion onto her hands. She rubs her hands together and starts massaging lotion onto her arms and shoulders. I love the way her firm tits move, pointing her pink nipples right at the mirror, when she reaches up to rub lotion on her shoulders. Pulling my hard cock out of my swimsuit, I begin seriously stroking it, as she rubs lotion across her stomach.
Beginning just below her navel, she rubs the lotion up over her flat stomach and her ribs. Lifting each breast, one at a time, she gently squeezes it, as she rubs the lotion in. It looks like she lingers a little on her nipples, and I watch them harden, as she slides her lotion covered hands across them. Then, to my surprise, she turns around and walks toward the window. Her bed is just under the window, but the way I've positioned the blinds, I can't see it very well. It doesn't matter, because what she does next, makes me shoot my load all over the shrubbery.
When she gets close to the bed, she squeezes more lotion onto her hand, lifts her right foot up on the edge of the bed and rubs lotion on her leg. Fuck! I can't believe my luck! From my vantage point outside her window, looking under the blinds, I'm staring right into her fucking pussy! As she shifts her leg around, rubbing in the lotion, her pussy looks like it has a life of its own. I watch her pussy lips opening and closing, moving her patch of blonde hair back and forth as she rubs lotion up and down her legs.
I'm about four feet away from the most amazing sight I've ever seen. My cock is rock hard and I'm pumping it furiously. As she leans forward to rub lotion on her ankles, her tits hang down like cones and her nipples are pointing straight down toward her bed. When she finishes with her left leg and is lifting her right leg onto the bed, I can't take it any longer and shoot my load on the ground and the surrounding shrubbery. I finish watching her rub the lotion on her leg and when she starts to get dressed, I run into the house and into my bedroom to change clothes.
Over the next two months, I shoot a lot of cum outside her window. I make a few strategic adjustments to her blinds and even bring out the digital camcorder a few times. Watching a video doesn't come close to the live action, and I know I can see her change anytime, so I erase the video to avoid getting caught. I think I can explain being on the side of the house, but if I was ever caught with a video of my naked sister, I think my dad would kill me. I've occasionally watched her get dressed to go out, but nothing compares to watching her come out of the swimming pool and rubbing on lotion - and she does it every time.
Until now, my sister and I have never discussed our individual sexual activities with each other. Occasionally, she asks me questions about sex or things she's heard about at school and I answer her as best I can. A military father can be pretty strict, especially with a daughter, and Lisa was not allowed to date until she was 17. She is inexperienced and naive, and I'm pretty sure she's still a virgin. I always caution her about getting sexually active too fast. I've had a few girlfriends who have been willing to experiment, so I've eaten pussy, had blowjobs and fucked a few times. But at 18 years old, in a new High School, I haven't been getting any action lately.
Since I don't have a steady girlfriend, I'm making do with my own hand outside my sister's window pretty regularly. Don't get me wrong, it's a great show, but I'm getting really horny and starting to think about my sister's body in ways that a brother shouldn't. I find myself wanting to do more than just watch. I want to touch her. I kept fantasizing that she knows I'm out here and she's putting on a show for me. I know it isn't true, but it fuels my desire to touch her and have her touch me.
One afternoon when we're alone, I head around the house because my sister has suggested we go for a swim. I'm in my swimsuit and want to get a quick look at her naked body before we get in the pool. By the time I get outside her window, she is down to her bra and panties. This happens quite often now, because I know how long I can take to change into my swimsuit and get around the house to see her naked. Her tits bounce a couple of times as she slips off her bra and I can't help but rub my cock through my swimsuit. She bends over to take her panties off and I get a great side view of her tits hanging down. Her tits look like round little cones, hanging there, with her nipples pointing toward the floor.
God, how I want to touch and suck her tits and make her nipples hard! I pull my cock out of my swimsuit; slowly stroke the length of it, as she turns around to get her swimsuit out of her dresser. When she bends over to pull her swimsuit bottom on, I see her tight, round ass and her small pussy lips hanging down. I fantasize about what it would feel like to slide my cock between those lips, while she is bent over like that, burying myself deep inside her tight, virgin snatch.
As she finishes putting her swimsuit on and is opening her bedroom door, I tuck my cock back in my swimsuit and turn toward the pool. The sound of her cell phone makes me turn back. I watch as she talks, but I can't hear what she's saying. She's getting really upset, walking back and forth as she talks to whoever it is. After a couple of minutes she closes her phone and throws herself on her bed, crying.
I love my sister and despite the perverted nature of my fantasies. I don't ever want to see her hurt. I want to know what's wrong and help make it better. I go into the house, trying to figure out a way to approach her, without giving away how I know she's upset. Fortunately, she left her bedroom door open when she went back to answer her phone. As I peek in, I see my sister lying on the bed, her head buried in a pillow and I can hear her sobbing. As I watch her body heaving up and down on the bed, I walk in and asked her what's wrong.
"It's not fair!" she says, between sobs. "That's what's wrong!" She turns toward me and lifts herself up on her elbow. Her swimsuit top has slid to the side and I can see her nipple poking out over the top of the material.
"What's not fair?" I ask, trying to focus on her face, instead of her half-naked body.
"It's not fair that girls have to walk such a fine line all the time," she cries. "What do guys want? I can't figure out what I'm supposed to do. If we let them fuck us, we're sluts. If we don't let them fuck us, we're prick teases and if we don't let them touch us at all, we're frigid. What the fuck am I suppose to do?" She turns her face back into the pillow and begins sobbing harder.
I watch her lying there crying, trying to figure out what to say and how I can help her. As I walk over and sit on the edge of her bed, I can't help but notice how her swimsuit bottom has ridden up into the crack of her sweet, round ass. Remember, I've just seen her naked and have been stroking my cock outside her window.
I wonder who was on the phone, but as I'm about to ask her, I recall that I shouldn't even know about the phone call.
"What happened, Lisa? What brought this up?" I start rubbing her bare back, trying to comfort her.
"Tony broke up with me." I hear her muffled words through the pillow. "I bet he's going to start seeing that slut, Barbara." I'm surprised. I thought Tony and Lisa were a great couple. Lisa started dating Tony right after we moved here and they've been dating steadily for the past month.
"When did this happen?" I ask, remembering that I'm not supposed to know about the phone call.
"Just now," she says, continuing to sob into the pillow. She turns her head toward me and continues. "He called me and gave me some bullshit about us being too young to get serious and that we should start seeing other people, but I know it's because I wouldn't do this!" she yells, flopping over on her back and spreading her legs apart on the bed.
I'm speechless looking at my sister lying there next to me in her skimpy swimsuit, spreading her legs wide apart and giving me an unobstructed view of her barely covered crotch. A couple of pubic hairs are peeking out from the sides of her swimsuit bottom, which is stretched tightly across her pussy lips, leaving very little to my imagination. Since I've been looking at her pussy for a couple of months, I don't have to imagine much, and my cock is beginning to stir inside my swimsuit.
"I mean it's really not fair! Have you ever dumped a girl just because she wouldn't let you fuck her?" She is looking up at me with her innocent eyes, all red and puffy from crying. She pulls her legs back together and adjusts her swimsuit top to cover her nipple. "Well, have you?" she asks softly, sniffing back her tears.
"No, I haven't and Tony probably hasn't either. Maybe he really does think you guys are too young. Or maybe he's just not sure what he wants." I'm trying to be as consoling as I can and I'm telling the truth about not dumping anyone.
"No! He really wants to fuck me," she responds. "He told me so last night, but I said no! Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I should have let him have what he wants. God knows I wanted to fuck him, too. I was so hot and so wet it was just as hard for me to stop as it was for him." As she's saying this, my sister turns on her side toward me and starts crying again.
"I've just always wanted the first time to be with 'THE ONE'. You know? And I like Tony a lot, but I'm not sure I love him or that he's 'THE ONE'. What do you think Jack, should I have just let him fuck me? Would that have made me a slut? I try so hard to let him do what he wants without becoming a prick tease."
I reach over and put my arm around her and she starts sobbing into my shoulder. I lie down beside her and hold her close while she cries. As I'm lying there, I'm becoming increasingly aware that I'm on my sister's bed, we're both in swimsuits, which leaves a lot of bare skin contact, and I'm holding her in my arms, while she talks about whether to fuck her boyfriend.
"Well, should I have?" she asks again, pulling her head back from my shoulder so she can look at my face. We're still holding each other, as I'm trying to decide what to tell my sister.
"No, you made the right decision. You're still young." I hesitate before I start speaking again. Picturing my sister being touched by Tony and her pussy getting hot and wet to the point where she doesn't want to stop, makes my cock stiffen and I slide my hips back a little so she won't notice.
"But maybe, you know, you're teasing him a little more than you realize," I finally say.
"What do you mean?" She leans back away from me, giving me a clear view of the front of her body. She has a puzzled look on her face and I'm trying hard to keep my eyes on her face.
"Well, I'm not sure, but when you said you stopped when you really didn't want to, what had you two been doing, exactly?" I really want to help my sister, but I also want to hear the details about what her and Tony had been doing. I'm thinking I can kill two birds with one stone.
"I'm not going to describe what we were doing, Jack. Let's just leave it at the fact that I was very hot, but I pulled back in time and the next day he dumped me." Her face is a little red and it's obvious she's embarrassed about what we're talking about. She's still leaning back and looking at my face.
"Look Sis, I'm not trying to pry into your love life, but I think maybe you could use a guy's perspective on this. You think you're not being a prick tease, but as a guy, sometimes you get to a certain point, where you really can't turn back. If you stopped, I can guarantee that Tony went home and jacked-off, thinking about what it would have been like. I've been out with several girls who didn't let me fuck them, but didn't send me home to jack off. Maybe if I know what you've been doing, I could offer you some suggestions on how you can help him get relief and still save your virginity." I'm really trying to help my sister, but I'm also starting to fantasize about teaching her some sexual techniques to keep her boyfriend happy. You know, I could let her practice with me so she won't be fumbling around when the important time comes.
"Suggestions?" she asks. "What kind of suggestions?" She's still lying in my arms on her bed. She settles back down against my shoulder and I can tell she's really thinking about what I've said.
"Well, I don't know yet. I don't know what you guys have been doing. And maybe Tony wasn't all that frustrated when he went home last night. But from what you're telling me, you think he's dumping you to get laid and I think I can help you with that, if you want him back." As I say this, I have my right arm around her shoulder and I'm rubbing her back. My left hand is stroking her hair.
"I do want him back. I just don't know what to do." Her right hand is running up and down my bare side and my cock is stirring again.
"Why don't you just tell me about last night? How far did you go and what did you do? Then we can see if I have any ideas for you, okay?"
"Okay, I guess that makes sense." She snuggles in closer to me and continues to run her hand up and down my back and my side.
"Well, you know I told Mom I was going to the library with Sophie? Well, I did go there, but Tony met us and he and I went around the side of the library and sat in his car. It's dark there and we knew no one would bother us. We started kissing and rubbing against each other and generally steaming up the windows. Tony was rubbing my crotch on the outside of my shorts and I was kissing him really hard with my tongue. After a while Tony moved his hand up under my shirt and was rubbing my tits through my bra. The last few times we went out, I let him play with my tits, so I wasn't surprised when a few minutes later he unhooked my bra and pushed it up out of the way. He usually plays with my tits and my nipples, and then starts to move his hand down into my pants. That's when I normally stop him. But this time, he kept playing with my tits and pinching and pulling my nipples until I was so turned on I could feel myself getting really wet. This is the first time he's pinched my nipples like that and he just kept on playing with my tits and pinching and pulling my nipples for a long time. It felt really good."
"I was so hot that I didn't notice he'd unsnapped my shorts, until he slid his hand down inside my panties. It happened so fast and I was so wet that in one, quick motion his hand was inside my panties and his finger had slipped inside me. I was surprised by how good it felt, and I was so turned on, that I just kept kissing him. He had unbuttoned his shirt and he stopped playing with my tits to pull me against him. I could feel my hard nipples rubbing against his chest as he moved his finger in and out of me. God, Jack I have never felt anything like that. I was pushing my tongue in his mouth as far as I could and bouncing up and down like crazy on his finger while my nipples kept rubbing against his chest."
As you can imagine, her story has really turned me on. I'm hiding a raging hard-on and I notice Lisa's nipples have gotten hard inside her swimsuit, and are now pushing against my chest. I can feel her breathing heavier and she keeps moving her leg up and down, rubbing her thighs together. It seems she's gotten herself pretty worked up, too.
"It was like I was totally out of control," she continues, "until he stopped kissing me and whispered in my ear that he really loved me and wanted me so bad.
'Lisa. I really need you, right now. Let's do it tonight.' He breathed in my ear.
I was panting, but I told him no. 'Don't do this, Tony.' I said. 'You know how I feel about it.'
'Oh, come on Lisa, it'll feel a lot better than my finger and you know you really want to.'
And of course, he was right, I really wanted him to fuck me. And you know what's funny? If he had just kept going and had done it, I probably wouldn't have stopped him. I was that hot for him. But somehow talking about it brought me back to my senses. I stopped bouncing up and down on his finger. Instead I pushed myself down as hard as I could and squeezed my legs together, keeping his finger inside me the whole time we were talking. Anyway, we sort of argued about it and he finally gave in.
'Fine, I understand. It's okay. I'm sorry I pushed you, Lisa' He pulled his finger out of me and I felt so empty. We straightened up our clothes and I went back in the library to find Sophie. Then today, he calls with this we're too young bullshit. So what do you think, Jack? Can you help me?"
A plan was starting to formulate in my mind as she was telling me about her and Tony. Or maybe it was just a fantasy instead of a plan, but I was ready to start moving toward it, cautiously.
"Shit, Lisa!" I answer, nearly out of breath. "No doubt that Tony had to jack himself off when he got home. Hell, I got turned on just listening to you talk about it. And I can definitely see why you think Tony will be looking for the easiest girl in school to take out real soon. But it doesn't have to be that way. You didn't mention whether you had been touching or rubbing Tony at all. Were you?"
"You mean rubbing his dick? No, I've never touched him because I thought that would really make me a prick tease." She sounds kind of sheepish talking into my neck. I'm still stroking her hair.
"Well, guys aren't always sure what a girl will do and I'm not really sure my idea will work, if you're afraid to touch him." Part one of my plan/fantasy depends on her answer.
"I'm not afraid to touch him!" she retorts emphatically. "I just said I've never done it. I thought it would be teasing too much. Anyway what's your idea?" I was hoping she would say that, but I'm still not sure if I can pull this off. I choose my next words very carefully.
"Lisa, let's look at your situation. First, there are quite a few girls at school, sluts as you call them, who will let guys like Tony go all the way. Second, guys like Tony have sexual needs and will do pretty much anything to get those needs satisfied. Although, I really think Tony would rather satisfy his needs with you. Third, you want Tony back but you're not ready to take that big step. I think I have an answer for both of you, but I'm not sure you're ready for it."
"What? What's your idea, Jack? I'll decide whether I'm ready or not." She pulls her head back so she can look at me and I have a clear view of her left breast down her swimsuit top. Her nipple is very hard and I again have to force myself to look in her eyes.
"Lisa, what is the one thing that guys want more than anything else?"
"To get laid," she answers quickly, still staring at me.
"Nope. Of course, all guys want to get laid, but what they want more than anything else is a great blowjob. A great blowjob is every guy's fantasy. Trust me." I keep looking right in her eyes, sort of questioningly, to see if she's getting my drift. She looks at me for a while, and then I see her thinking about it. She lays her head back down on my shoulder and doesn't say anything.
"Think about it, Lisa. You don't have to give up your virginity and Tony doesn't have to go home and get himself off. Or worse, get it somewhere else. All you have to do to get him back is give him the blowjob of his life."
She speaks into my neck and I can barely hear her, but her words are music to my ears. "I don't know how," she mumbles. "I've never even touched him. How would I know how to give a blowjob and how could I be sure it's good enough to make him forget about Barbara, the slut?"
"You could learn." I decide to offer her a bunch of unlikely choices to make her think of the best way to learn. "You could, um, watch porn videos with blowjobs in them, although they're pretty fake. You could go out with other guys and practice until you're ready for Tony. Of course, getting a reputation as a blowjob queen is probably worse than being a slut. Well, I don't know, but a lot of girls do it, how hard can it be?" Here is where my fantasy will become reality or remain a fantasy. I just hold her tight and wait.
"Jack?" she speaks quietly into my neck.
"Yeah?" I'm trying to remain calm, but I have a feeling that my fantasy is just a breath away from coming true.
"I could practice on you," she suggests.
Yes! Now to put up a little resistance so she really has to beg me.
"What!" I yell, trying to sound shocked. "Lisa, we're brother and sister. We can't do that." I sound pretty sincere, too.
"Come on, Jack. You said you wanted to help me and I can't just start with Tony. What if I gag the first time or don't do it right? This was your idea and how else am I going to learn? Please."
Well, what can I do? My hot, sexy, twin sister wants to practice blowjobs on me. My cock is so hard by this point that I can barely hide it.
"Okay, but just until you get it perfected, because I still think it's weird."
"Thank you! I love you Jack!" She throws her arms around me and presses her firm tits against my chest, while kissing my cheek. Then, she sits up quickly, smiling at me. "When can we start?"
I watch her tits bounce inside her swimsuit, as she sits up.
"First, let's talk about exactly what we're going to do," I answer. "If you want real practice, we need to make it like I'm Tony. We'll have to kiss and feel each other up. I mean, you can't just call up Tony and invite him over for a blowjob; you'll have to get him worked up like before. You also have to be able to maintain your limits like before, too. So you need to practice getting as worked up as you were when you said you would have let Tony fuck you. Even after a blowjob, he may still want to fuck you. You have to be able to resist, even when you are really hot for it. Are you alright with all of this?"
As I talk, she just keeps looking at me and smiling. I can't tell what she's thinking but as soon as I stop talking she hugs me again.
"You really are a special brother. I never would have thought of all that. And yes, I'm all right with it and I think it's a great plan. Now, when can we start?"
"Well, Mom won't be home for awhile. We could start now unless you still wanted to go for that swim." I can't believe what's happening. I'm actually going to get to touch her tits, her pussy and her luscious little ass, that I've been jacking off to for the last two months. But that isn't all; my sister is going to be practicing blowjobs on me! Fuck! My fantasy is coming true.
"Jack, we can swim anytime, and besides, didn't I hear you say that you got turned on listening to my story?" Lisa is looking at the front of my swimsuit and smiling as she says this.
"Okay," I say. "We'll start with the basics. You need to get used to seeing and touching a cock and being really turned on, so I think we both need to be completely naked. Tony has already been feeling your tits and pussy, letting him see them is not a great leap, but it will be a huge turn on for him. You also need to practice keeping your limits when you are completely naked. Okay?"
I know that sounds like bullshit, but my sister immediately begins removing her swimsuit top. It takes everything I have to keep from grabbing her tits. Then she leans back and lifts her ass off the bed so she can slide her swimsuit bottom off her long tan legs. Through the window her tan lines were not as obvious, but seeing her naked right there next to me on the bed, I can see exactly where her swimsuit has been. The contrast between her tan legs and stomach and her milky white ass and tits is so hot; my cock gets even harder.
"Hey, what about you, tent boy?" my sister asks, looking at the tent my cock is making in my swimsuit. "Aren't you going to take your swimsuit off?"
"Maybe you should do it," I say. "After all, Tony will likely be dressed and you'll be the one exposing his cock. Why don't you try it?" I lie back on the bed and motion for her to take off my swimsuit. Kneeling between my legs, she grabs the waistband of my swimsuit and begins pulling it down.
I'm staring at her tits, hanging there over my legs, with her hard nipples jutting out from her sexy cones. She pulls the elastic up and over my hard cock and it springs out, pointing directly toward the ceiling. She stops pulling and just looks at my cock.
"It's big, isn't it?" she says softly.
I'm about 8 inches long when I'm hard. It doesn't compare to many of the porn stars I've seen, but past girlfriends have always complimented the size and shape.
"You can touch it, it's okay," I say instead of answering her question.
She pulls my swimsuit off the rest of the way and then leans up, tentatively putting her hand around my cock. Now, I'm really in heaven! My beautiful, naked sister is kneeling between my legs, holding my cock in her hand. All I have to do is give her instructions and she'll do whatever I ask. I really want her to just wrap her mouth around it and suck me off but I decide to take it slowly, letting her get used to it.
"Just play with it," I instruct her. "Explore it and see how it reacts when you touch it. Don't be afraid; you need to learn this, Lisa."
"I'm not afraid!" she argues, as she leans her face closer and begins stroking my cock up and down. As she moves her hand up my cock, it twitches and she jumps.
"It likes you," I say, smiling at her. "That's what I mean by exploring. Stroking it like that felt good, that's why it moved. Keep doing that and use your other hand to touch my balls." She keeps stroking my cock up and down with her right hand and moves her left hand under my balls.
"Just cup them lightly, then drag your fingernails across them." I lay my head back on her bed, as she strokes my cock and caresses my balls. "God, Lisa, that feels really good." I watch her face and she seems as mesmerized by my cock as I have been of her pussy.
"If you keep doing that, I'm going to cum," I tell her. "It feels great, but we're not here to learn hand jobs. Keep stroking it like that and playing with my balls, but lean down and start licking the sides like an ice cream cone."
"Like this?" she asks as she begins licking the head of my cock." Just as I'm going to tell her she's doing great, I realize I'm going to cum.
"Lisa, quick! Wrap your lips around the head of my cock." I'm lifting my butt off the bed and pushing my cock up into her mouth, as I say this. "I'm going to cum and you need to catch it in your mouth and swallow it. Hurry!" She wraps her lips around my cock and I instantly begin spewing cum into her mouth. Her eyes get real big, as she looks at me with a questioning look on her face.
"Swallow it!" I yell. "Go on and swallow, but keep your lips around my cock, there's more." And there is, it's been building up since I watched her changing into her swimsuit. She starts swallowing, almost gags, but then keeps sucking on the head of my cock until I'm drained. I lie back on the bed as Lisa's licking the last bits of cum off my cock and from around her lips.
"It tastes funny," she says, smiling. "But I kind of liked getting you off like that. Wow, you were really moving in and out of my mouth when you came. Did I do okay?"
"God, Lisa, you did great," I say, and then realize that I want these lessons to go on for a while, "for your first time, I mean." I look at the clock and see that Mom will be home in about half an hour.
"Look at the time. We'd better stop for today." I'm looking at my beautiful, naked sister, who is still on her knees between my legs, and another thought occurs to me. "How do you feel, Sis? Did sucking my cock make your pussy wet?" I'm starring at her blonde pubic patch, as I ask her this.
"Yeah, it was a real turn on. More than I thought it would be. I didn't want to stop and I'm still pretty hot and wet down there."
"Let me see." I slide down and put my hand between her legs. She moves her knees apart to allow my hand to touch her pussy lips. They are soaking wet and when I run my thumb up and down her slit, she moans, putting her left hand down on the bed to steady herself. She's steamy hot and we only have a few minutes.
"I'm going to help you feel better, Sis," I tell her as I push my middle finger up inside her slippery, wet pussy. I start rubbing circles on her clit with my thumb, which is still wet from her juices.
"Oh god! What are you doing, Jack? That feels incredible."
"This is nothing compared to what we'll do when we have more time. Tony isn't the only one who shouldn't have to jack himself off. You deserve your sexual release as well." I'm not sure she's hearing me because she's moaning so loudly and moving up and down on my hand.
I watch her tits bouncing and remember what she had said about how she liked Tony pinching her nipples. I reach up with my other hand and begin massaging her right tit. Pinching her nipple between my thumb and index finger, I squeeze a little. She starts bouncing faster on my finger and I'm having trouble keeping my thumb on her clit. I push my thumb a little harder against her clit and just move it back and forth really fast, while she rides my finger. I pull on her nipple, pinching it and stretching it out as far as it will go. I can tell she's getting close. I switch to her left tit and do the same thing. I manage to push a second finger up inside her pussy, while she keeps bouncing up and down as hard as she can.
Suddenly, she stops moving and I feel her pussy clamp around my fingers, pulsing in and out. It's like I can feel her heartbeat through her pussy walls. She grabs my hand and holds my thumb still, while she pushes down hard on my soaking wet fingers. I let go of her tit and reach my hand around her back, pulling her down on me. She collapses on my chest with her head on my shoulder and my fingers still in her sopping, wet pussy.
She just lies there, catching her breath. With her naked body stretched across me, I move my hand down to her ass and gave it a gentle squeeze. All my fantasies are coming true. I've played with her tits, finger fucked her pussy and even shot my cum in her mouth. What an afternoon, and I have Tony to thank for it. But I think he'll be the one thanking me before this is over. I look at the clock again and begin pulling my fingers out of her pussy.
"Not yet, Jack. Please leave it there for a little longer," she pleads, squeezing her legs together to trap my fingers. "That was amazing, I didn't know anything could feel like that. You are the best brother ever!" She lifts her head and starts kissing me. It isn't a sisterly kiss, either. She's pushing her tongue in my mouth and rocking her body slightly up and down so that her nipples are lightly scraping across my chest and my fingers are sliding in and out of her slippery, wet pussy.
"Lisa, we really don't have time. I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you tomorrow, I promise. You don't want Mom finding us like this, do you?" I take my fingers out of her pussy and kiss her hard. Then, I push her back and slide off her bed.
"Let's put our swimsuits on and get in the pool before Mom comes home." I figure the pool will help us cool off and get rid of the smell of sex.
Later that night before we go to bed I go into Lisa's room and hand her a piece of paper. "Some homework for you on that project we're working on," I say, smiling at her. She takes the paper and reads the title "Mind-blowing Blowjob Techniques" it says in bold letters across the top of the page.
"Where did you get this?" she asks, laughing.
"I downloaded it with my file sharing software. I just searched oral sex technique .doc and there it was. Study it and be ready after school tomorrow for an "oral" exam," I tease as I go back to my room. I have my own homework to do. When I was searching for blowjob techniques, I also discovered sensual oral techniques for eating pussy. I figure if I'm going to take this to the next level with Lisa, I had better have great technique, too.
After school the next day, Lisa and I walk home together.
"I can't wait until we get home!" Lisa says, hardly able to control herself. "I'm really looking forward to our practice, today."
"So am I, but I have an idea," I explain to her as we walk. "When we get home, let's pretend that I'm Tony and you've invited him over after school. Tell him you've been thinking about what you guys were talking about the other night. Then, when you get in the house, take him into your bedroom and tell him you're sorry that you haven't thought about his needs and you want to make it up to him. What do you think?" I have another reason why I want her to start thinking about her and Tony in her bedroom. When it happens, I want to watch through the window.
"Okay. I did my homework," she says, smiling. "I think you'll like what I've got planned for you, Jack." Lisa skips ahead of me. "Come on!"
"Just call me Tony," I say, as I catch up with her and we turn up our driveway.
Inside the house, Lisa turns to me. "Thanks for coming over, Tony," she says. "Why don't we go into my bedroom? We can talk while I change." She takes my hand and leads me down the hallway to her bedroom. "Kick off your shoes and get comfortable on my bed, while I get out of my school clothes." She smiles while she unbuttons her blouse and slips it off her shoulders.
"I've been thinking, Tony," she says, as she unhooks her bra and slides it off her arms. Her tits bounce gently and I can see her nipples are already hard. So is my cock! "The way you touched me the other night felt really good, but I haven't done anything to help you feel good." She unzips her skirt, slips it down and pulls it off her legs. With just her panties on, she starts walking towards the bed.
"I want to make it up to you, now, Tony. Stand up," she says, pulling me to my feet and unbuttoning my shirt. She slips it off my shoulders, and then unsnaps my jeans. Pulling down my zipper, she begins tugging my jeans down and I lift each leg so she can pull them all the way off. I'm standing there in just my boxers. Her hard nipples brush against my chest, as she leans up to whisper in my ear.
"I want to suck your cock," she whispers. "I want to make you cum in my mouth. I want to swallow your cum and then lick you clean." Wow! She really paid attention to the section on talking dirty and teasing. My cock is sticking straight out, making a tent in my boxer shorts. Lisa kneels down, pulls the elastic of my boxers out over my hard cock and slips them down my legs. She slides back up my body, rubbing her tits against me as she stands up.
"Lie down on the bed," she says, gently pushing me back. Kneeling on the bed, between my legs, she leans down, rubbing her tits along my thighs. Then, catching my cock in the valley between them, she slides her body forward. Her nipples graze my stomach as she slides higher until her nipples are touching mine. She starts kissing me and gently rocking her panty covered mound against my cock. Her nipples are rubbing lightly up and down my chest.
"I can't wait to taste you," she whispers and begins kissing a trail from my chin to my chest. She sucks my nipples into her mouth; first the left one and then the right one, nibbling them until they harden on my chest. She continues kissing down my stomach, planting a kiss on the end of my erect cock. It's rock hard and sticking straight up, but she bypasses it to lick all around my balls. Finally, she takes one long lick, gliding her tongue from my balls to the tip of my cock. Slipping just the tip in her mouth, she runs her tongue over the end of it.
"Do you like that?" she asks, lifting her lips from my cock. "Would you like some more?"
"God yes! Lisa, you are amazing!" She keeps licking long strokes up the under side of my cock, and nibbling the end, until I think I'll explode. Taking my cock in her hand, she begins stroking up and down, while her other hand caresses my balls. Slipping her mouth over the end of my saliva-coated cock, she starts gently sucking. As I'm wondering how long I'll be able to hold out if she keeps this up, her tongue flicks the underside of my cock, just under the head. The sensation is incredible.
I feel her blonde hair brushing against my thighs, as she continues stroking and sucking my cock and playing with my balls. She's creating a steady rhythm with her sucking and still using her tongue to lick the underside of my cock. It's driving me crazy; she is like every blowjob fantasy come true. I'm pushing up off the bed and trying to drive my cock farther into her mouth, I can feel the tension building in my balls and I'm getting close. She starts stroking faster, sucking harder and flicking her tongue against my cock, inside her mouth. I'm just about to shoot my load, when she pulls her head off, slides her hand all the way down my cock and presses her thumb hard against the base of my cock, holding it there.
"Jesus Christ, Lisa! I was just about to cum. Why did you stop?" I'm panting and frustrated at her for stopping me from cumming.
She looks at me, with a dreamy look in her eyes, as she licks her lips. "Trust me, Jack, I did some homework, too. I'm going to make you cum harder than you ever thought possible."
She leans down and slowing sucks the head of my cock back into her mouth. She flicks her tongue back and forth just under the head and begins stroking up and down with her hand again. She rolls my balls back and forth with her other hand and I think I've died and gone to heaven. I've never felt anything like this. My cock feels harder than I thought possible and the tension starts building all over again. It's like I'm experiencing the entire blowjob over again from the beginning. It doesn't take long this time and I'm jerking my ass off the bed, driving my cock up into her mouth. She keeps right with me, stroking and sucking and playing with my balls.
"Yes, Lisa! You are fucking amazing! My god that was... WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?" She stopped again and is repeating the thumb pressure, like before.
"This isn't funny, Lisa. I was so close. I was just about to cum!" I lay back on the bed, panting. My chest is heaving.
"I know," she says, her face flush. "I read that this is the closest a guy can come to having multiple orgasms and I wanted to try it with you. Your cock is so hard! It's all swollen and purple on the head. I think it likes me." She smiles at me playfully, tilting her head to the side. "Besides I'm really enjoying myself and I don't want to stop yet. Sucking your cock is making me so hot. If I let you cum this time, will you put your fingers inside my wet pussy again, Jack, like you did yesterday?"
"Yes, just let me cum, will you?" Remembering how she looked bouncing up and down with my fingers inside her wet pussy, make me even harder, if that's possible.
She again takes my cock in her mouth and gently sucks just the head, while stroking my cock with her hand. By now it's so hard and sensitive that when she starts licking with her tongue and moving her lips up and down the shaft, I'm out of control. She rubs my balls and I'm on edge, wondering if she's going to stop again or finally let me cum. I'm jerking wildly, fucking her mouth and screaming for her to let me cum.
"Please Lisa! Don't stop! Please! Please! Please! I'm so close. I'm so fucking close! Please!"
I start cumming and I don't think I'll ever stop. Lisa keeps stroking and sucking and swallowing and I just keep spewing more and more cum in her mouth. She was right. I'm cumming harder than I would have believed possible. It feels like my whole body is throbbing, as I shoot load after load of cum in her mouth. As hard as she tries, she can't swallow it fast enough. Some of it runs out of her mouth and down around my cock.
I finally stop cumming and fall back on her bed, panting. When Lisa finishes swallowing the last of my cum, she sucks my cock clean and lets it slowly plop out of her mouth, onto my stomach. She glides her tongue down my very sensitive shaft and starts licking around the base of my cock. It takes me a minute to realize she's licking up the cum that overflowed out of her mouth. My god! For someone who had never touched a cock before yesterday, she is fucking amazing.
She finishes lapping up the cum and glides her body up along mine, until she is lying on top of me. Our eyes meet. "So," she says as she plants kisses on my face. "Did I pass the oral exam? I did a little research on my own. Could you tell?" Her lips are hot and wet. She presses them against mine, I open my mouth and she pushes her hot tongue inside. It tastes funny, but then I've never tasted my cum before.
"I am so hot, Jack," she whispers. Touch me, please."
All pretense of me being Tony is gone. It is just us. Jack and Lisa: brother and sister. Tasting the joys of incestuous love. I want her to feel as great as she just made me feel.
"I'm going to do more than touch you, Lisa. I want to taste you." Remembering my reaction to her talking about sucking my cock, I whisper to her what I'm going to do.
"I'm going to lick you and push my tongue up inside you. I'm going eat your pussy and taste your juices. Unlike guys, they say that girls can have multiple orgasms. We're going to see if that's true." I roll her over onto her back and lie next to her. Leaning up on my elbow and looking down at her beautiful body, I still can't believe all this is happening. My twin sister, who has just given me the world's best blowjob, is now lying there waiting for me to eat her pussy.
Lying down, her tits look like two perfectly rounded little bumps, connected by a white stripe where her swimsuit top covers. Her firm, white mounds are topped with little rosebud nipples that are rock hard right now and remind me of pink pencil erasers, the way they stick out. I trace a circle around her tits with my finger, then bend my head down and suck her left nipple into my mouth. Massaging her tit with my hand, I take the nipple between my teeth, biting gently, as I flick the tip of it with my tongue.
"Mmmm. That feels great!" Lisa is running her fingers through my hair and smiling at me.
After a while I switch to her right tit and give it the same treatment. While still nibbling on her nipple, I move my hand down from her breast, across her stomach and into her panties. Combing my fingers through her blonde hair, I feel the heat even before I touch the moisture. I rub my finger up and down her juicy slit. She is soaking wet and my finger easily slips inside her pussy. I start moving my finger in and out, while rubbing my hand against her mound.
"God, Jack! Yes!" She's moving her ass off the bed, humping my finger and holding my head against her tit. I kiss my way from her tits to her chin, before pressing my lips against hers and slipping my tongue in her mouth. While twisting my tongue around hers, I slip another finger into her pussy. She is humping hard against my two fingers, as I piston them in and out, creating a sloshing sound with her juices.
"Ohhhhhhhh! Jack! Ohhhhhhh!" she moans. Bucking hard against my fingers, she clamps her legs together, trapping my fingers inside her. Pushing down hard against my hand, she works her tongue deeper into my mouth. Finally, relaxing her legs, she drops them back on the bed, her pussy quivering around my fingers. I move my mouth from hers and she gasps for air.
"Thank you, Jack" she smiles, "that was just what I needed."
"That was just the beginning, Sis. We've got to get rid of these panties," I whisper, as I gently remove my fingers from her pussy and position myself between her legs. She lifts her ass off the bed and I slip her panties down to her thighs. Lifting her legs in the air, I pull them all the way off. I sit there for a minute between her legs, just staring at her lovely body. She is incredible! I can't take my eyes off her beautiful tits that I've been watching through the window for two months, and sucking on for the past few minutes. Her flat, tan stomach, leading down to her blonde, v-shaped bush and her glistening, wet pussy lips, soaked with her juices, just inviting me to take a taste.
"You look like a goddess," I say. "You are so beautiful." I lean my face down to her pussy and take one long lick from the bottom of her slit up along her pussy lips and over the top of her clit. The taste, mixed with her aroma, is intoxicating and I feel like I'm getting drunk on her pussy juice.
"Ohhhhhh. Fuck! Jack!" she moans.
I lick her juice from all around her pussy without touching her pussy lips. I lick along the outside of her lips, gently sucking one, and then the other of her pussy lips, into my mouth. She keeps moving around, trying to position my tongue directly on her pussy.
"Oh my god, Jack! Your tongue feels so good. Oh, Jack, eat my pussy!" she cries, pushing her ass off the bed, trying to make better contact with my tongue.
I slide my arms behind her knees, lifting her legs to give me better access to her pussy and to keep her from moving around so much. I finally slip my tongue inside and start lapping up her juices, as I tongue fuck her. I'm sliding my tongue in and out of her pussy and licking all around, pushing against her inside walls. She is soaking wet and pussy juice is coating my mouth and my cheeks, as I move my head from side to side, giving her different sensations with my tongue.
"Oh, Jack! Oh, Jack!" Lisa screams, thrashing around on the bed. "What are you doing? That is so fucking wonderful! I've never felt anything like it!"
I move my tongue up so I'm licking the top of her slit, just below her clit and slip two fingers inside her pussy. I pump my fingers in and out of her pussy as I gently lick her clit. Remembering everything I'd read about eating pussy, I suck her clit into my mouth and begin flicking my tongue across it, as I keep moving my fingers in and out of her. I read that if you suck the clit too hard it can get really sore, so I suck gently, letting my tongue lightly slide over it inside my mouth. I continue to finger fuck her harder and harder with my two fingers.
"Ohh, Jack! Mmmm, Jack! Oh, God!" Lisa is moaning and twisting her body around, humping my fingers and pushing her clit against my tongue. "Don't stop! I'm cumming again! Just keep doing that! Exactly that! Ohhhhhhhh God! Don't Stop!"
I'm tempted, just for a second to stop, like Lisa did with me. But I know that would be mean and wouldn't have the same effect as it did on me. I keep sucking her clit, trying to keep it in my mouth, as she is humping against my face. I'm flicking my tongue across her clit, inside my mouth, as best I can with her writhing around so much. I can't tell if I'm moving my fingers in and out of her or she's doing all the moving, but she finally clamps down on my fingers with her pussy. Letting out a loud moan, she grabs the back of my head, holding it hard against her pussy. Her shoulders are up off the bed and she's bucking her hips up and down, shaking, throbbing and gushing pussy juice, as she cums. When her orgasm finally subsides, her head falls back on the bed and her chest is heaving up and down. She finally releases the pressure on the back of my head and I start sucking her clit again.
"Mmmmm, stop, Jack," she says as she grabs my head. "It's too sensitive right now. That was... I can't describe it, Jack. You can't possibly know how that felt. You are the most amazing brother in the whole fucking world!" She has relaxed back on the bed, my fingers are still inside her pussy and I can feel her pussy walls throbbing like a heartbeat.
"I'm going to clean you up with my tongue, like you did me," I tell her. One article I read said that if you slowly lick all the juice from around the pussy and the top of the thighs, by the time you are done, she'll be hot and ready again. I figure it's worth a try, and I really want to taste her again.
"I'm pretty sensitive right now, Jack, "she says, dreamily as I start licking the inside of her upper thigh.
"If I hit any places that are too sensitive, just tell me." I know her thighs won't be. "Is this, okay?"
"Yeah, that feels nice." She's speaking slowly and softly. "I really came hard, Jack. Whatever you were doing with your mouth and your fingers was like nothing I've ever felt before." As she's speaking, I continue to lick all around her upper thighs and her ass, where her juices ran down when I took my fingers out.
"I'm glad you liked it. I really enjoyed it too," I say, continuing to lick. "I did a little homework of my own and experimented with some of the things I read. It seemed to work out okay."
"It worked wonderfully," she says. "Mmmmm, that feels really good, you licking me like that, Jack." She's starting to move a little as I lick around her pussy. She's just slightly pushing back against my tongue and trying to move it closer to her pussy. I slide my tongue over her pussy lips and gently lick them clean of their juices. She doesn't tell me she's too sensitive, so I take a long lick up inside her pussy, pulling out a tongue full of creamy, hot liquid.
"Mmmmm, yeah." Is all she says as she pushes her pussy up to meet my tongue for some in and out tongue fucking. Pretty soon I replace my tongue with my fingers and I'm sucking her clit and finger fucking her just like before. This time she is totally out of control, pushing her ass up off the bed, humping my fingers, shaking her head from side to side and grabbing the bedspread in her hands, curling it around her fingers.
"Oh God, Jack! Ohhh! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Yes! That feels soooo..." She's bucking her ass wildly in the air. My tongue flicks across her clit, which I've sucked completely inside my mouth. I'm pushing my fingers in and out and twisting them back and forth, sloshing her hot juices all around inside her burning, young pussy. She pulls hard on the bedspread and her head and shoulders lift off the bed. Her eyes are closed, her mouth is open and she's moaning loudly as she pushes harder against my mouth and my fingers.
"Ohhhhhhhh! Fuck! I'm cumming again! Jack! Ohhhhhh! I'm cuuuuummmmmmming!" My face and hand are completely soaked with her juices and I'm having trouble keeping my mouth on her clit, as she bounces frantically up and down on the bed. I stay with her, sucking and flicking her clit until she pushes up hard against my mouth and clamps her legs around my fingers, jerking wildly. Her juices run down my arm and soak the bedspread beneath her ass. She slowly lowers her ass and lets her head fall back on the bed. I can feel her pussy pulsating around my fingers, as I let her clit slip from my mouth.
I wipe my face on a dry part of the bedspread and watch her tits rise and fall heavily as she catches her breath. My cock is rock hard and if this wasn't my sister, I would slip it into her steaming, wet pussy. Leaving my fingers inside her, I begin tracing kisses up her body. She's still catching her breath from her orgasm and I gently tease her rising and falling nipples, which are now rock solid points, in the middle of her firm, round tits. I continue planting kisses up her neck and onto her face. My tongue, still wet from her juices, gently licks across her lips and she opens her mouth sucking it inside. We kiss slowly and passionately, alternating pushing our tongues into each other's mouth, exchanging saliva and pussy juice.
She relaxes her legs and lets them fall open, allowing me to slide my fingers out. I break off the kiss and smile at her. Bringing my hand up to my face, I begin licking the pussy juice off one of my fingers. She laughs.
"You're crazy, Jack," ahe says, and then takes my hand and starts licking the other pussy soaked finger. "But I love you and I love what you do to me."
"You're crazy too and I love you. I love every part of you. I especially love how you taste. I could eat you all day and never get tired of it." It's the truth. Her sweet nectar is the biggest turn-on I've ever experienced. I love eating her pussy and the feeling I get as I'm driving her out of control.
"Your body is so responsive, Lisa. You're going to have to be careful about how you let guys touch you."
"My body is responsive to you, Jack. I can't seem to get enough of you." She looks at me, starts to say something and then stops. She reaches down and puts her hand around my rigid cock, gently running her fingers up and down the shaft. "Looks like you're ready for more."
"Yeah, eating you really turned me on! I could use another of your world famous blowjobs before you go off to get your boyfriend back. I get so turned on just looking at you, touching you, holding you and of course tasting you. Would you suck me off again, Lisa?"
"I don't really want to suck you off again, Jack," she says quietly, as she keeps lightly stroking my cock. "I want you inside me. I want you to fuck me, Jack.
I can't believe I'm hearing right. My twin sister, who I've been fantasizing about, as I spied on her through her window, is now asking me to fuck her delicious, young pussy. But I'm having second thoughts. If I fuck her, then there goes the reason for the blowjob lessons and her concern about letting Tony or other guys fuck her. I've been thinking that if she gave her boyfriends blowjobs, but didn't let them fuck her, she'd be coming home to me hot and horny after her dates. If I take her virginity now, there's less reason for her to put limits on what she'll do with other guys, and less opportunity for me.
"Lisa, what about keeping your virginity. What about waiting for 'THE ONE' like we've been talking? We're only doing this to give you blowjob practice to get Tony back from Barbara the slut, right?" Even as the words leave my mouth, I realize that we've already gone much farther than simple blowjob practice. I want her more than I've ever wanted anyone. I really don't want to share her with any boyfriends.
"Jack, I don't care about Tony. He can have Barbara, the slut. Right now, I'm aching for you to slide your hard cock up into my burning, wet pussy. Don't you see, Jack? You're THE ONE. I want you to take my cherry. Please, Jack," she pleads. "Do it for me. Please."
She moves her hand down from my cock shaft and is playing with my balls. I'm hard as a rock and I know her pussy is as ready as it is ever going to be for her to lose her virginity with as little pain as possible.
"It might hurt a little at first," I tell her. "It might be better if you're on top and lower yourself onto me, so you control how fast it goes."
"I trust you Jack, and besides it's like a swamp down there right now, after what you've been doing to me. I think you'll slip right in without much problem, don't you." I laugh at her description of herself and kiss her hard on her lips.
"I love you, Lisa," I whisper as I pull my mouth from hers and look her in the eyes. "I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you." I slowly slide my cock head inside her pussy. I had positioned myself over her as we were kissing, and now I watch her face as I gently push my cock in a little farther.
"You are the most beautiful, sexy, delicious girl in the whole fucking world," I say, pushing very slowly inside her well-lubricated, little hole. She smiles at me and raises her knees off the bed, spreading her legs wider apart. She is extremely tight, but her juices help me slide about half way in.
She starts kissing me again, as my cockhead starts to meet resistance. I must be pushing against her hymen. I pull back, sliding my hard cock along the narrow channel of her velvety pussy.
"This is it," I say, locking eyes with her. "Are you sure?" Instead of answering me, she raises her feet off the bed, wrapping them tightly around my ass. Pushing down with her heels and thrusting her hips upward, she plunges my cock down into her pussy the rest of the way.
"Arrgghhhh!" Lisa cries, as my cock breaks through and my balls slap her ass. I gently rest her back down on the bed and just hold her without moving.
"You okay, Sis?" I ask, watching her face for signs of regret.
"Yeah," she smiles, although it's almost a grimace. "It surprised me mostly, but I'm getting used to it now," she says, wiggling around, trying to get comfortable. She is so tight, and the inside of her pussy is so hot against my cock, it feels like her juices are boiling.
"It feels pretty wonderful, Jack," she says, after a minute. "Your cock fills me up like your fingers never could." She relaxes her legs and moves her feet back onto the bed, keeping her knees up and her legs spread wide apart.
"Fuck me, Jack. I'm ready for you to really fuck me!"
I slowly pull the entire length of my cock out of her snug, little pussy until just the head is inside. Then, just as slowly I push it all the way back in. She is steaming hot and so tight that it feels like a thousand needles are massaging my cock. I repeat the slow sliding in and out until she is arching her back and raising her hips up to meet my strokes. It's like a dream. I'm actually fucking my sister! My cock is sliding in and out of my twin sister's tight, virgin pussy. No one will ever feel her pussy like I'm feeling it right now. I start pumping faster.
"Yeah, Jack, faster like that. I want you to fuck me faster." My sister is now raising up her ass and matching me stroke for stroke. Her hands are gripping my back, pulling me tightly against her. My face is buried in her neck and my arms are under her shoulders. With my hands holding her body from sliding up the bed, I slam my cock harder into her pussy. My balls are slapping her ass and she's grinding her clit against me as I plunge deeper and deeper into her hot, virgin hole.
"Keep going faster, Jack! Yeah, harder like that. Don't stop, Jack. Don't stop. Yes! Yes! Ohhhhh God! Jack! Jack! Pleeeeeeeezz don't stop!! Ohhhhhhhh." She is clawing at my back and screaming as we keep up the pounding rhythm of our lovemaking. I'm getting close and I'm trying hard to keep up with her, as she arches up and down faster and faster, pushing my cock in and out of her incredibly tight pussy.
"Ohhhhhh, Don't stop, Jack! I'm cumming!" She wraps her arms around me and holds me tightly to her. I pound into her as hard as I can. My balls are slapping against her ass and I can actually hear my cock moving in and out of her slushy, wet pussy. When her fiery pussy walls clamp down on my rigid cock, it puts me over the top and the first load of cum, to ever touch her virgin pussy, is squeezed out in spasmic bursts from my hard, throbbing cock. She bucks and shivers as our orgasms meet each other in a climatic push and she wraps her legs around me, holding me deep inside her.
We are both panting and I can feel her chest rise and fall against mine. I turn my head and kiss her gently on the lips. We stay tensely pushed up against each other, waiting for our orgasms to subside. My cock is fully spent inside her and I can feel her pussy pulsating around it. I relax a little as I lay there on top of her, catching my breath. Neither of us says anything for a long time. We just hold on to each other basking in the afterglow of her first time. Lisa is the first to speak.
"That was wonderful, Jack!" she says, turning her head to look at me. "It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. You were so gentle and so loving. And of course, you had gotten me so hot." She's smiling up at me with her head tilted to one side. "So, still think being with your sister is weird? Do you think what we're dong is wrong?"
"It isn't weird, Lisa. What's weird is that you're so incredibly sexy; you make me forget about any girl I've ever been with or even fantasized about," I say, kissing her on her lips. "I really love you Lisa, and I don't want to stop what we've started."
"Neither do I, Jack," she says, squeezing her pussy muscles around my spent cock. "You've made me into a woman today. I want you to keep making me feel like a woman."
"What will be wrong is if we let ourselves get caught," I say, looking at the clock. "Speaking of which, we better get ourselves and your bed cleaned up. We have about another hour before Mom gets home. I think we should take a shower."
"Together?" she asks, smiling up at me.
"Yes! And then we need to wash your bedding and air out your room. It smells like sex in here. Tomorrow we need to remember to pull back the covers and fuck on the sheets instead of the bedspread."
"Tomorrow? So you're already planning ahead, huh? What have you got in mind for tomorrow? Are you going to assign more homework for tonight?" Lisa asks, laughing.
"Yes. Tomorrow, the day after, and the day after that, and the day after that," I answer, kissing all over her face as I speak. "And since you're such a good student and you got extra credit for your additional research last night, I want you to do some more research tonight. I want you to look up all the different sexual positions you can find and make a list of the ones you want to try," I tell her, moving my mouth to her neck. "I already know of two that I want to try. I really want to do it with you on top, so I can watch your sexy tits bouncing up and down, and play with your nipples while we fuck. And you have such an incredibly beautiful ass, Lisa, that I can't wait to fuck you from behind and watch the curves of your ass, while my cock slides in and out of your pussy."
"Wow! I'm getting wet again just thinking about it. Or maybe I'm just still wet from everything you've already done to me. I can't wait, Jack. Let's take that shower now, then I can get started with my research." She pushes me over onto my side, swings her legs over the edge of the bed and stands up. "Come on!" she says, pulling me up off the bed.
I follow her down the hall into our bathroom. It feels weird for the two of us to be prancing around the house naked, but I love it. Our bathroom has a tub and shower combination with frosted glass doors. Lisa slides the door open and leans in to turn on the water. I playfully smack her bare ass while she adjusts the water temperature.
"Watch it!" she says smiling.
"I am watching it," I answer, staring at her ass. "It's beautiful."
She steps into the tub and I follow her. We're facing each other, with the shower spray hitting her back, when she picks up the soap and lathers up her hands. I love the feeling of her soapy hands, as she begins rubbing them over my shoulders and down my chest. After soaping my chest, she runs her hands down my stomach and soaps my cock and balls, rubbing her slippery hands up and down my shaft. When my front is slick with soap, she reaches her hands around my waist and begins soaping my back. Leaning into me and rubbing her firm, young tits against my slippery chest, she runs her hands down across my lower back. Her nipples are hard, and her tits feel great, slipping back and forth across my soapy chest. Her hands move lower, cupping my ass cheeks, as she grinds her pussy hard against my soapy cock.
"God, Jack," she sighs, "Is it always like this? I mean, you've been with other girls right? You've fucked other girls? Is it always like this, that you just can't get enough of each other?" She's rubbing her slick, sudsy body up and down against me as she squeezes my ass cheeks.
"It's never been like this, Lisa," I tell her. "Yes, I've fucked a couple of girls, but none have ever been like this. I never loved anyone like I love you and I've never had another girl who made me feel this good." I lean my face down and our lips meet in a long, passionate kiss.
Taking the soap, I begin soaping Lisa's back and shoulders. As I slide my hands up and down her back, I pull her tightly against me. Her slippery tits are crushed against my chest and my cock is sliding all over her pussy mound, as we grind our soapy bodies together. I grab her ass cheeks, massaging them as we rub up and down against each other. Pushing her arms down to her sides, I turn her around, sliding my soapy hands up over her tits. I pull her back against me, massaging her small tits, while I slide my cock up and down between her slick, soapy ass cheeks. My hard, slippery cock is cradled between her ass cheeks, as I run my hands over her nipples, pinching and squeezing her soapy tits.
"Mmmmm," she says, leaning forward and pushing her ass harder against my cock. She bends forward at the waist and puts her hands against the tile wall. My hands slide down her body, rubbing her stomach and then her thighs. She moves forward a little and my cock head slides down between her ass cheeks, until it's almost touching her pussy lips.
"Put it in me, Jack," she says, looking back over her shoulder at me. "Put your cock in me and fuck me here in the shower."
I slide my hand over her ass and push down my cock until just the head slips inside her pussy lips. Before I can move, Lisa pushes against the wall and thrusts her ass back against me, impaling herself completely on my rock hard cock. I'm pushed into her up to my balls and I can feel her round ass cheeks rubbing against me as I begin pumping in and out.
"Ohhhhh, yeah! Fuck me, Jack. Fuck me hard!" she says, rocking back and forth against my cock. I grab her hips with both hands and start slamming my cock into her slippery, wet pussy like a battering ram. She braces herself against the wall with her hands, as I keep pounding and pounding my long, hard cock deep into her tight, teen pussy. This is my fantasy come true. I'm fucking her from behind, enjoying the view of her sexy ass curves.
"Ohhhh... God... Fuck... me... Jack... Fuck... me... Ohhh... Jack," Lisa shouts each word on every forward thrust of my cock. Her voice is shaky and she's panting, as I continue to hammer into her relentlessly. I can feel my climax building and I'm holding back as long as I can, hoping Lisa is getting close. I keep up the furious pace; driving my cock into her sopping, wet pussy. Finally, I can't hold it. I slam into her as hard as I can, pulling her hips against me and shooting my load deep into her snug little love canal. Lisa grinds her ass against me and is thrusting her horny pussy against her hand. I didn't notice that she had slipped one hand between her legs and was frantically rubbing her clit, while I had been pumping my cock into her.
"Ohhh, Jack! I'm cumming, too!" She pushes her ass back harder against me and I feel her pussy quivering around my cock, as her orgasm hits. I hold her against me as she rides out wave after wave of pulsating pleasure. When she stops moving, her knees buckle under her and I'm barely able to hold her up. I ease my cock out of her and lower her down into the tub, sliding down next to her, while the shower spray washes over us.
"It just keeps getting better doesn't it, Jack? I love you so much!" she says and starts kissing me again.
We finally make it out of the shower, clean up Lisa's bed and are watching TV by the time Mom gets home.
Lisa does her homework and, over the next few weeks, we fuck every day after school. Lisa's transition from an inexperienced, naive virgin to an adventurous, insatiable lover is amazing. We experiment with every position she can find on the Internet. Everyday we give each other head, fuck in a new, creative position and then take a shower together, or jump in the pool, before Mom comes home. Some of the positions take us to new heights, and some make us laugh, as we twist our bodies, trying to duplicate pictures or instructions she's printed out. I like positions where she's straddling me and riding my cock. Whether it's on a chair, the bed or the living room couch. I love watching her tits bounce up and down and seeing the expression on her face when she cums.
Lisa loves it when I'm dominating her, pounding into her when she can't move. She especially likes lying on her back, with me pushing her legs up over her head, while I hammer her from above. She likes getting fucked from behind too, with my cock ramming into her hot, little pussy, while I hold her hips with my hands. But nothing compares to the day she surprised the hell out of me by asking me to tie her up and tease her. She comes into my room with strips of scrap cloth from Mom's sewing room, wearing nothing but a shit-eating grin on her face.
"Jack, you won't believe what we're going to do today." She says, mischievously, shaking her tits in my face. She asks me to tie her legs to the corners of my bed and tie her hands over her head. Then, following her instructions, I tease and pinch her tits and lightly run one finger up and down her moist slit, without ever penetrating her, or touching her clit. I just play with her body, running my hands over her stomach, biting her tits, caressing her legs and fingering her pussy lips for over forty-five minutes. She is soaking wet and bucking her ass up from the bed, trying to suck my finger into her pussy. I'm really getting into the game and won't let her get any satisfaction, no matter what she says.
"Please, Jack. That's enough!" she pleads. "Just stick your finger in me or your tongue or your cock. Please! The teasing worked, Jack. I'm burning up. Feel my pussy. Feel it inside. It's on fire! Come on Jack, please!" she begs. "It wasn't supposed to go on this long."
I don't answer. I just keep teasing her. What an erotic sight she is, tied to the bed with her arms stretched over her head, and her legs spread wide apart. Pulling her arms up makes her small, white mounds look almost flat against her chest. Her normally pink nipples are bright red, little knots from being pinched and bitten. I get a comb and run it through her lovely blonde pubic hair, like I'm grooming a puppy. Her pussy lips are glistening and her syrupy juices are running down between her ass cheeks. My cock is as hard as a rock and throbbing for release. Finally, I move my head between her legs and lick one long stroke up her pussy lips, enjoying the taste of her thick creamy nectar.
"Yes, Jack! Thank you, Jack. Please eat my pussy!" she begs, relaxing her ass back on the bed as she tries to pull her knees up, but can't move them, with her legs tied to the bed.
"I will lick your pussy, Lisa, but you're going to have to earn it." I pinch her nipples again, as I straddle her body, sliding my cock between her tits. I sit there, enjoying the feel of her tits around my cock, and the look on her face, questioning what I'm talking about.
"You will suck my cock for exactly two minutes," I tell her, "that will earn you one long lick of your pussy. For every two minutes of cock sucking, I will lick you one time. If you suck especially good, I might consider sticking my tongue in your pussy." I slide up farther until the head of my cock is inches from her mouth.
"That's not fair, Jack!" she decries. "You should eat me for two minutes for two minutes of cock sucking!"
"Take it or leave it, Lisa," I say nonchalantly. "I can just keep doing what I'm doing, or I can get off rubbing my cock between your tits, and not touch your pussy at all. You're really in no position to negotiate," I tell her, sliding my cock back down between her tits.
"Wait, Jack! Okay, you win," she says, opening her mouth so I can slide my cock in. I know how much Lisa likes being teased and I'm confident this game will build her to a record-breaking orgasm. I check my watch and push my cock into her mouth. She sucks and licks my cock for two minutes and I reluctantly pull it out.
"Good Job, Lisa!" I commend her, moving down her body and positioning my face between her spread-eagled legs. Starting just above her asshole, I slowly lick one long stroke up between her lips, pushing my tongue deep insider her drenched pussy and up over her clit. I lap up as much juice as I can and want to go back for more, but decide to continue the teasing a little while longer.
"Oh God, Jack! Please lick me some more," she pleads fervently. "That felt so good! Please, Jack!"
Without saying anything, I move up her body and again push my cock in her mouth. She sucks harder than before, and I'm really getting off on her cock sucking, when the two minutes are up. My cock is throbbing when I pull it from her mouth, and move down to lick her pussy again. This is supposed to be teasing her, but I'm not sure how long I'll be able to keep going. After I lick another deep, long stroke, I let my tongue linger inside her pussy and she lifts her ass off the bed, trying to push it in farther. I decide to change the game a little, hell; I'm making it up as I go along anyway. I move my body up over hers and slide my cock up inside her sopping, wet pussy. I just hold it there, putting my weight on her, so she can't move around. Her pussy muscles are contracting tightly around my cock, as I whisper in her ear.
"For the next two minute sucking session, you're going to lick your pussy juice off my cock," I whisper to Lisa. "Here's a sample taste," I say, pushing my pussy-soaked tongue deep inside her mouth. It is taking everything I have to hold still and not pump my cock in and out of her tight, over-heated pussy as she sucks on my tongue. Ever since the day she first licked my fingers, after I finger-fucked her, Lisa has loved the taste of her own juices. She likes kissing me after I've eaten her, and she's more than willing to suck me off, after I've fucked her. I know this is an additional turn on and will tease her even more.
"Oh Jack!" she begs. "Don't pull your cock out. Fuck me with it! My pussy feels good, doesn't it? It's burning, Jack. Just fuck me! I'll suck the juices off after, you know I will."
The look on her face, as she pleads, almost make me change my mind, but I want to tease her just a little more. I lift my weight off of her and she starts humping my cock, as I pull it out of her pussy. I slide up her body, slip my pussy soaked cock between her lips and start pumping in and out, fucking her mouth as she sucks the juices off. It doesn't take two minutes for me to start cumming. Lisa keeps sucking and swallowing, as my cock jerks several loads of cum into her warm mouth. She licks me clean, swallowing the mixture of my cum and her juices, and I decide it's time to take care of her burning snatch.
She bucks her ass up and pulls at her bindings, as I eat her pussy, suck her clit and finger fuck her through three orgasms. As she lay there, trembling from her third orgasm, I slip my fully recovered cock inside her, and fuck her to orgasm number four, while she sucks the pussy juice from my tongue. She is still panting and shivering, when I untie her hands and feet, and hold her body against mine.
"Oh my god, Jack!" she says, trying to catch her breath. "That was awesome! I can't believe what you did to me! You know me so well, Jack," she says, in a rapid-fire staccato. "You were amazing when you wouldn't even answer me. You just kept teasing and teasing. I was so hot and I couldn't do a damn thing, not even touch myself. And then, when you made me suck my own juices off your cock and then suck them off your tongue, while you fucked me! I've never cum so hard, Jack." This is something Lisa says on a regular basis. Every time she researches a new and creative twist to our lovemaking, she comes harder and harder. I wonder what's next. I also wonder why the taste of her own pussy juice turns her on so much. I might have to research that.
Mondays are always the most intense days for us. We suck and fuck all we want on weekdays, before Mom comes home, but on the weekends we hardly ever get a chance. We might grope each other and steal a kiss or cop a feel, but we are never alone long enough to get each other off. By Monday afternoon we are all over each other as soon as we get inside the front door. This leads to a lot of creative lovemaking; in the living room, the hallway or the kitchen, before we finally make it to the bedroom and fuck and suck each other's brains out.
We still fuck in the shower regularly but we also love fucking in the pool. I like to lean back against the side of the pool and stretch my legs out in the water, while Lisa, with just her swimsuit top on, straddles my cock, sucking it deep inside her tight, young pussy. It's hard to describe the sensation of being surrounded by cool water, while my cock is buried deep inside my sister's flaming, hot pussy. It's while fucking in the pool one day that we almost get caught. It's also the day that I first become infatuated with my mother's sexy body.
It's a Saturday, so we wouldn't normally be able to do anything, but Lisa is horny as hell and won't leave me alone. It's her idea for us to go swimming, and fuck in the pool, while Mom is busy doing laundry and watching TV. I tell her it's too risky but she keeps teasing me, touching my cock and rubbing her tits against me all day. Around 2 o'clock, Mom decides to take a nap. That's when I give in. We change into our swimsuits and rush out to the pool.
As soon as we hit the water, Lisa takes off her swimsuit bottom, swims over to me and pulls my suit down. My suit is hooked around one ankle, as I put my arms up on the side of the decking, and Lisa impales herself on my already rigid cock. Her face is about a foot from mine, as she furiously bounces up and down on my cock, making waves across the swimming pool.
"How's the water?" Mom asks, sticking her head out of the sliding glass door.
"Great!" Lisa answers. She stops bouncing, but keeps my cock buried deep inside her tight, wet pussy.
"The temperature is perfect and the sun isn't too hot today." I'm impressed. She's carrying on a conversation with Mom, while her pussy muscles continue to milk my cock. She's acting like nothing is going on while I, on the other hand, am freaking out about getting caught.
"Good, I couldn't sleep so I thought I might join you two for a swim," Mom says. "I'll get my suit on and be right out."
"Great, Mom!" Lisa shouts. "Wear that sexy new pink swimsuit you bought. I haven't seen you in it."
"Okay." She closes the door and Lisa starts bouncing up and down like a mad woman.
"Are you crazy?" I ask. "Mom's going to be out here in a minute. We have to stop and get our suits back on." I can't believe she wants to keep fucking with Mom coming out.
"Just a few more minutes, Jack," she says, panting. "It'll take Mom a while to get changed. I'm so close. It won't take long."
She is watching the door, bouncing on my cock and grinding her clit against me. Just as she starts to cum, I hear the sliding glass door open. She pushes down hard, clamping her hot, quivering pussy around my cock. As Mom is stepping through the sliding glass door, Lisa quickly jumps off my cock and swims away from me. We both struggle to get our swimsuits back on, before Mom gets to the pool.
Lisa is smiling at me and treading water in the deep end of the pool. Mom is walking down the steps, in the shallow end, near me. Mom keeps herself in shape and looks about ten years younger than her 37 years. She's wearing a light pink two-piece swimsuit that shows off her tan, well-toned body. As I watch her get in the pool, it's easy to see where Lisa gets her sexy shape. Mom's flat stomach, the curves of her ass and her shapely legs all remind me of Lisa. Her breasts are much larger and a lot more of her tits are visible before they disappear behind the small triangles of her swimsuit top.
This suit must be smaller than her others because there is a thin white strip of skin between her swimsuit top and where her tan begins. Her swimsuit bottom is just a small V shaped piece of material covering her pussy with strings tied on the sides that connect to the material covering her firm, round ass. I'm not sure why I'm suddenly noticing all this about our mom. Maybe it's because my sister has gotten herself off and left me with a raging hard-on.
Mom reaches the bottom of the steps and plunges into the cool water up to her neck. She shivers and jumps back up to a standing position, yelling that it's cold. I watch her ample tits bounce up and down and can see the effect the cool water is having on her nipples. Her erect nipples appear to be embossed on her swimsuit top, as she stands there in the waist deep water. She sees me staring at her tits and casually turns away, slipping back into the water up to her shoulders. She turns back and I notice her check out the bulge in my swimsuit, before starting to swim to the deep end. It looks like she's smiling as she swims away. Could it be? Is my Mom pleased that I'm sporting a hard-on, while checking out her tits. This could be interesting.
"Let's play monkey in the middle, "I yell at Lisa and my Mom.
My sister swims over to me, and whispers in my ear. "As long as it's your monkey in my middle." She laughs, and then more loudly she says, "Okay, but Mom's in the middle!"
It's a keep-away game with one person in the middle and the other two throwing a ball back and forth. Mom's in the middle and keeps jumping for the ball as Lisa and I keep throwing it around her and over her head. We're laughing and playing and dunking each other like a bunch of kids. Except, I can't keep my eyes off my Mom's tits with her thick, protruding nipple, pushing out the swimsuit material. I have a clear view of them, bouncing hypnotically, while she's jumping up to block the ball. When she's facing Lisa I just stare at the curves of her bikini-covered ass.
My cock has stayed hard the whole time and I catch Mom subtly eyeing it. Mom's getting more aggressive in trying to get the ball and I make sure there is a lot of skin contact, as we dive and wrestle for it. At one point, with Mom facing Lisa, I reach my hands around her waist and lift her up, pulling her back in the water on top of me. She's laughing as we fall backwards, and I manage to push my hard cock against her ass, as we tumble through the water. My hands slip up and "accidentally" brush against her tits as we both come up sputtering.
"You're cheating, Jack," she says, still laughing. "I'm not playing if you're going to cheat." She starts walking toward the steps. "Actually, I've had enough rough housing for one day. You guys are a lot younger than I am." She sits on the steps and I swim over to Lisa.
"I'll race you to the other end!" I say, winking at her. She immediately dives under water and starts swimming. We come up at the other end of the pool at about the same time and I take the opportunity to ask Lisa if she's noticed Mom acting funny.
"I've only noticed you acting funny, staring at Mom and constantly trying to touch her. What are you doing, Jack?" she whispers. "You aren't thinking of expanding your incestuous conquests are you?" she asks, smiling.
"Don't be silly," I answer, looking back at Mom sitting on the steps, leaning back with her eyes closed. Then I explain to Lisa about how Mom reacted to me staring at her tits and how I'm pretty sure she was smiling and looking at my bulge. "Did you notice how hard her nipples have been all day and how she keeps looking at my cock?"
"Well, dad's been gone over two months, Jack. How would you like to go two months without fucking? I know I wouldn't like it." As she's saying this, she reaches down and starts stroking my cock through my swimsuit. "You are one horny guy, Jack. Is that because of Mom's nipples?"
"No! It's because somebody had to get fucked in the pool and then she swam away before somebody else got to shoot his load. But now that you mention it, I've stayed hard all day staring at Mom's sexy body, watching her tits bounce and seeing the outline of her hard nipples through her swimsuit. God, am I a pervert?"
"No, Jack. I've been watching Mom, too. It might be my imagination but it seemed like she was intentionally putting on a show for you today. I can't envision Mom taking it any farther than that, but if you ever do fuck her, I want to suck your cock immediately afterwards. I want to know what she tastes like!" She laughs and gives my cock a final squeeze before swimming off toward Mom. I watch Lisa get out of the pool, get the suntan lotion and sit down next to Mom on the pool steps.
"You're going to get burned if you're not careful, Mom," Lisa says, sitting down beside her. "That's a very sexy suit, but it doesn't cover you the same way your old one did." With that, she squirts a little suntan lotion onto her fingers and starts rubbing them over the white patches of skin on Mom's tits.
Mom looks startled and starts to sit up. "Here honey, I can do that," she says. Lisa ignores her and just keeps rubbing the lotion over her full, plentiful breasts.
"It's alright Mom, you just lay back and relax. I'll keep you from getting burned." Lisa looks over at me, and winks, knowing how I'd love to be rubbing that lotion around on Mom's tits. Mom reluctantly lays her head back and lets Lisa rub suntan lotion on her chest. Mom is lying with her back partly on the deck with her legs in the water up to her knees. As Lisa's fingers are massaging Mom's tits, I notice the heel of her hand keeps brushing lightly over Mom's erect nipples. They seem to push out a little farther and become more pronounced, with each pass of Lisa's hand.
Lisa squirts more suntan lotion on her fingers and starts rubbing it across Mom's stomach. Mom's swimsuit bottom is also smaller than her old one and she has white stripes of skin across the top and down the sides of the small triangle. Lisa is massaging suntan lotion over Mom's stomach and lower abdomen with her fingers, while the heel of her hand lightly brushes against Mom's mound. With her other hand, Lisa is rubbing lotion on Mom's upper thigh and along the side of her hip where the swimsuit didn't cover. By now Mom has her eyes open and is staring at Lisa. She seems to be trying to figure out if this is innocent helpfulness or a sensual massage. She can't seem to make up her mind.
"That's enough, Lisa. I'm going in the house anyway. Too much sun isn't good for me. You two need to come in soon, too," Mom says, getting up and quickly walking into the house.
"Looks like you enjoyed the show," Lisa says, as she pulls my swimsuit down and starts vigorously stroking my stiff cock. She quickly slips her swimsuit bottom down, wraps her legs around me and pulls me inside her snug, wet pussy. "Now, where were we?" she asks, as I start frantically pumping in and out of her.
"That was really erotic, watching you touching Mom," I tell her, as our rhythm heats up. "You are a kinky little girl, Lisa. I guess that's why I love you so much." I'm panting and pushing into her faster and faster. She thrusts her hips down to meet my strokes and in no time we are cumming together.
"Touching Mom really turned me on and I'm pretty sure it turned her on too," Lisa says, as her breathing returns to normal. "I suspect that's why she left so fast. I don't think she knew what to make of her body's sexual reaction to her daughter touching her. I bet she's horny as hell with dad gone. And the way she was looking at your cock, I bet we could get her so hot that she'd beg you to fuck her." Lisa squeezes her sopping wet pussy around my cock as she's saying this. "I'm going to give her some time and then I'm going to seduce her, for both of us."
A couple of months later, Lisa does seduce Mom, but before that happens Lisa comes up with her sexiest and kinkiest idea yet.
When we graduated from High School in June, Mom suggested we take the summer off and enjoy ourselves before going to USC in the fall. Dad is about four months into his six-month tour, which means we have the house to ourselves all day. As soon as Mom leaves for work each morning, we crawl into bed with each other. Sometimes we just snuggle our naked bodies together and fall back to sleep, waking up later to start fucking. Some days we stay naked all day, watching TV, doing our chores, fucking and sucking as we go.
One day, Lisa woke up before me and made my most erotic fantasy come true by wrapping her hot lips around my morning hard-on and gently sucking me awake. If you've never had anyone suck you awake in the morning, you don't know what you're missing. It starts in an unreal dream-like state and then gradually you begin to feel the warm, wet licking and sucking sensations, and before you're really awake, you're humping your fully aroused cock to its ultimate climax. It's amazing and so is my sister.
Anyway, back to the sexiest and kinkiest. Late one night in the middle of summer, I'm just about to turn out my light and go to sleep, when Lisa comes in my room.
"Look what I found on the Internet," she says, excitedly, shoving a piece of paper in my face. At first, I'm not sure what I'm looking at, but Lisa gets all animated, pointing at the couple in the picture and describing what they are doing.
"It's a harness," she says, enthusiastically. "See the woman is suspended over the bed with her legs up and her wide-open pussy pointing straight down. See these straps, they kind of cradle her just above her ass. These other straps go behind her knees, keeping her legs spread apart and up out of the way. The guy is on his back on the bed and the girl gets lowered down onto his cock. He raises and lowers her pussy, up and down his cock, by spinning her around." She's talking fast and is clearly aroused by this idea.
"Jack, she can spin all the way around while his cock is inside of her. Can you imagine what that must feel like, her spinning around while they're fucking. I think it's the most erotic thing I've ever seen. We need to make one of these, Jack. I want you to spin me around while your cock is fucking my pussy." I can hardly believe it, but Lisa has it all figured out. She finds some straps from old lounge chairs, and we make the harness, hooking three ropes to it and looping them over the rafters in the garage. It takes us about a week to make it, and Lisa is ecstatic when it's finally done. Several times we get so excited talking about how the harness is going to work, that we shed our clothes right there in the garage and fuck on an old air mattress.
The harness consists of one large and two small loops, connected together by short straps. The large loop slips around the woman's back, coming up under her arms, against the sides of her breasts and connects to a rope above her head. The two smaller loops go around each leg, resting just above the knees, and are each connected to a single rope. The straps that connect these loops to the larger one, are short enough to ensure her knees are pulled up close to her chest. Finally, a solid pole about two feet long is connected between the knee straps to keep her legs spread apart. The three ropes are tied together just below the rafter. It looks kind of like a tire swing, without the tire. The idea is that when the woman is strapped into the harness and spun around, the three ropes twist, raising her up. When it untwists she is lowered back down.
We put the air mattress on the floor and hook Lisa into the harness. It takes several tries before she is at the right height and angle. At first, she's leaning back too far, then, her knees aren't pulled up tightly enough. She's naked, getting in and out of the harness and my cock is getting hard, just from watching her. Finally, it's just right. I spin her around a few times, twisting the rope to raise her up. I lie back on the air mattress, positioning my cock under her exposed pussy. Slowly letting the rope unwind, I slip my cock up into her pussy, as she spins back down. It's as amazing as it sounds. Even though we'd been fucking like crazy for the past two months, Lisa is still very tight and her pussy creates a lot of friction as she spins around my cock, like a corkscrew. As I grab her legs with my hands and turn her one full rotation to the right, she swirls up to the tip of my cock. Then I let her go and she twists back down to the base and keeps spinning back up my shaft. Lisa is in heaven.
"Ohhhhh yes, Jack! Spin me faster. This is fucking incredible! Keep me turning. Spin me back and forth real fast, Jack. Yeah! Just like that." Her thick cream is running down my shaft, keeping us well lubricated, as I keep increasing the speed of the rotations. It feels amazing and, because it isn't the straight up and down strokes that I need to make me cum, I can keep it up for a long time without climaxing. I keep spinning her back and forth, faster and faster.
"Shit, Jack! This is everything I thought it would be! My pussy is on fire!" She's panting and reaching between her legs to play with her clit. "I'm getting dizzy, Jack and it's just adding to the overall feeling. Can you believe it? I'm actually getting high doing this."
I'm spinning her so fast that I almost spin her off the top of my cock. Her pussy lips are just barely around the tip of my cock and her juices are gushing around it, as I twist her back the other way, screwing her down to the base of my cock. When she's completely impaled on my cock like that, I want to pump in and out of her, but she's pressing me down against the air mattress and I have no room to move.
"Oh God, Jack! I'm cumming!" She is feverishly rubbing her clit and I am twisting her back and forth as fast as I can. Her pussy seems to be trying to clamp down on my cock, but can't get a grip because of the corkscrew effect of the apparatus.
"Spin me, Jack! Spin me! Spin Meeeeeee! Fuck! I'm cumming!" I'm frantically twisting her back and forth, literally screwing her up and down on my cock. The harness keeps her from bucking, like she usually does, but I can feel her pussy muscles pulsating against my cock, as I twist her up and down.
"Stop! Stop me, Jack! Stop me!" Lisa yells, panting hard. "I need to stop." I stop twisting her and her pussy slides all the way down my cock, crushing her wet lips against my pubic hair. I can feel her pussy muscles tighten around my cock like a vice. I slide my hands down under her ass and massage her hot, round cheeks, slick with her juices. She reaches down between my legs and starts playing with my balls. I want to pump up into her, but her weight keeps me from moving. I just lay there with her hand massaging my balls and her pussy pulsating like a vibrator around my throbbing cock.
"Get me out of this, Jack. I need you to fuck me. I need to feel your hard cock pounding me. Get me out of this harness, now!" She moves her hand off my balls, as I twist her all the way up and off my cock. As soon as her lips clear the tip of my cock, she gushes creamy, hot juice all over me. It runs down over my balls and between my ass cheeks, creating puddles on the air mattress. I roll to the side and let her twist back down. Steaming syrup is still oozing from her pussy lips, as they hang a few inches above the air mattress. I can't resist a quick taste and I lay on my back, positioning my mouth under her pussy. Pushing my tongue deep inside her saturated cunt, I gently swing her across my tongue, as I lap up her thick nectar.
"Oh Jack! Yes! Yes! That's wonderful!" I've never eaten her from this position and her syrupy juices drench my face, as they continuously flow out of her burning, hot snatch. I keep gently swinging her back and forth, as I push my tongue deep inside her pussy, drinking her hot juices.
"Goddamn, Jack! I'm cumming again! I can't believe what you're doing to me!" With that, her pussy hole opens wide and she floods my face with wave after wave of hot, juicy cum. I eagerly lap it up, savoring the sweet, sexy taste of her.
"Now, fuck me, Jack!" Lisa yells.
I pull the straps from around her legs and help Lisa get the big one from under her arms. She falls on her back on the sticky, wet air mattress, and lifts her legs up to her shoulders, exposing her wide open, dripping cunt.
"Hammer me, Jack. Pound my pussy with your hard cock." I slam into her in one hard stroke and pound her soggy pussy like a jackhammer. My balls, which have been building up cum for nearly an hour, are smacking her ass on every down stroke.
"That's It! Fuck me, Jack! Fuck me hard! Oh God! I love it! I fucking love it!" I'm pushing her legs down until her toes touch the air mattress, just above her shoulders, and pummel her pussy with my cock. I can feel my balls tightening and I start pounding even faster as I near my long awaited release.
"I'm cumming, Sis. I can't hold back, I'm cumming!" I push deep inside of her and my cock erupts, flooding her pussy with my hot jism.
"I can feel it, Jack! I can feel you cumming inside me. It feels so good. I'm right there with you! I'm cumming, too!" Her pussy clamps down on my cock, as I jerk in and out of her. Her pulsating muscles milking load after load of cum from my throbbing cock, mixing it with her own gushing juices.
I release her legs and she lowers them back down on the air mattress. Our hearts are pounding against each other, as we gasp for breath. I raise myself up on my arms to take deeper breaths and watch Lisa's chest rising and falling. Her nipples are as hard as steel, sticking out like bullets from her milky white mounds. I enjoy the sight for a minute before leaning back down, crushing her tits against my chest. We are both totally spent, and I lay on top of her, with my cock buried in her pussy. It's long time before either of us moves.
"Why were you looking at me like that?" Lisa asks, a quizzical look on her face.
"I love looking at you. I've always loved looking at your perfect tits. They've turned me on since the first day I saw them," I say, reaching between us and cupping her right breast with my hand.
"Always, Jack? A whole two months now, huh?" Lisa laughs. I laugh too, but not the same way. I am staring into her eyes, trying to decide whether to tell her about spying on her when she speaks.
"What, Jack?" she asks, locking eyes with me.
"Actually, it's been longer than two months. I've been watching you through your bedroom window since right after we moved here." I'm holding my breath, waiting to see what she says.
"What?" She looks incredulous. I don't think she believes me.
"Yeah. I didn't have a girlfriend, I was really horny, and you looked so sexy in your swimsuit everyday, I had to see what you looked like naked. I started spying on you while you were changing."
"When? I never saw you," she says, shifting her body under mine.
"If you saw me, it wouldn't be spying, would it?" I say, sarcastically. "I was getting myself off outside your window everyday, Lisa, as you changed into your swimsuit." There I'd said it. I just look at her, still massaging her tit, waiting for her reaction. She doesn't say anything for a while. Then she looks right at me, smiling.
"That is so hot, Jack! I can't believe you were jacking off outside my window. What did you do? I mean did you have your cock out of your pants and everything?" She starts moving her hips a little, sliding my cock around inside her drenched pussy.
"Yeah. Well, I was only wearing my swimsuit, so I just pulled my cock out and shot my load on the ground. There must be a hundred loads of cum on the ground and bushes outside your window."
"God, I wish I'd known you were out there," Lisa says, squeezing her pussy around my cock. "I would have put on a little show for you."
"Oh you did, Lisa," I tell her. "You put on a hell of a show. Every time you put lotion on after swimming, I watched you massage your pink nipples until they were hard. Then, when you put your foot on the bed to rub lotion on your leg, I was staring straight into your beautiful, virgin pussy. It was an incredible show, believe me."
Telling my sister about spying on her, through her bedroom window, is having its affect on my cock. It doesn't hurt that she's flexing her pussy muscles around my hardening shaft. I keep massaging her breast, running my thumb across her erect nipple.
"Maybe I would have done more than spread my legs in front of the window, and rub lotion on, if I'd known I had an audience." She is breathing a little harder and pushing her pussy up get more of my cock inside her.
"I doubt it, Lisa. You hadn't yet turned into the hot nymphomaniac you are today." I laugh. "Remember, you were still a virgin who hadn't even touched a cock. I'd hate to think what would have happened if you'd seen me out there."
I'm slowing sliding my cock in and out of her slippery pussy. She's raising her hips to meet my strokes, as I drive deep down inside and then slowly glide back out.
"So all that bullshit about it being weird to fuck your sister was just an act, wasn't it? You had this planned all along, didn't you Jack? You manipulated this whole thing." She is humping hard against my cock, trying to make me quicken my strokes. I can tell our discussion is turning her on as much as the fucking. I keep pumping in and out at the same slow pace.
"No, it wasn't bullshit. I never in my life believed I would ever actually fuck my own sister. Yes, I fantasized about it and imagined I was fucking you while I jacked off outside your window, but I never thought it would ever go any farther than just spying. Then..." I tell her exactly what happened the day Tony called and how I hated to see her crying and well, she knew the rest.
We stop talking and start really fucking. The air mattress is making squishing sounds, as I again drive my cock deep inside my sister's insatiable young pussy. I kiss her, intertwining my tongue with hers, inside her mouth. We hold on to each other and rock our bodies together in a euphoric trance that obliterates everything, except our frantic need to drench ourselves in our incestuous lovemaking.
I finally collapse on top of my sister, trying to catch my breath against the rise and fall of her sweat-soaked chest. We are both exhaustively spent and her throbbing pussy is clamped tightly around my cock. I know Lisa won't want to move anytime soon, but I also know we need to clean up the garage and ourselves before Mom comes home. Lisa looks at me with half-closed eyes and a dreamy smile.
"We've got to spy on Mom," she says, holding her body tightly against mine.
The next day Lisa is in Mom's room, while I stand outside the window. Using our cell phones to communicate, I direct Lisa as she adjusts the blinds. We make sure they are just right so that I can see everything in Mom's room, but she can't see me through the window.
Mom's bed comes out from the wall on the right, as I'm looking through the window. Her dresser is on the left. Mirrored closet doors on the far wall allow me to see the chair, sitting in the corner between the dresser and the window. Lisa sits in the chair to make sure I can see her. She playfully spreads her legs and rubs her crotch, then stands up and bends over, shaking her ass at the window.
We make sure we are in the pool when Mom comes home and Lisa invites her to join us.
"Okay, give me a minute to change," Mom says, going back inside. Lisa and I run to her window. Standing next to each other, we have a clear view of Mom entering her room. She doesn't bother to close her door because she knows she's the only one in the house. Lisa is smiling and bouncing up and down excitedly on the balls of her feet.
"This is so cool," she whispers. "I can't wait."
"Shhh," I admonish her. "You won't have to. Here we go."
Mom is unbuttoning her blouse and slipping it off her shoulders, while she kicks off her shoes. She's wearing a white bra, with a front fastener, that she unhooks with one hand. Her ample tits bounce loose, as she shrugs the straps off her shoulders, tossing her bra on the bed. Lisa and I just stare open-mouthed at our first sight of our mom's gorgeous tits. Her tan stops halfway down her large, round breasts creating a stark contrast with the fleshy white orbs that surround her two-inch wide areolas. Her dime sized nipples stick out about 1/4 inch in the center of her smooth areolas.
"God, she has great tits, doesn't she?" whispers Lisa excitedly. "It makes me want to suck on her nipples?" My sister never fails to amaze me.
I move behind Lisa, watching Mom over her shoulder.
"I can picture each of us sucking a nipple at the same time, like we must have done when we were babies," I whisper in her ear.
I wrap my arms around Lisa's bare midriff, rubbing my cock up and down against her swimsuit-covered ass. I notice Lisa glancing down at her own chest as we watch Mom continue to undress.
"I can also picture Mom and I sucking your sexy nipples, Sis." I slide my right hand inside her swimsuit bottom, rubbing one finger up and down her moist slit. With my other hand I pinch one of her nipples through her swimsuit top.
"Mmmmm, oh look!" Lisa directs me back to the scene in Mom's room.
Mom unzips her skirt and wiggles out of it, shaking her tits back and forth, while the skirt falls to the floor. Slipping her thumbs inside the waistband of her pantyhose, she pulls them down over her hips. A dark patch of pubic hair is visible through her white thong panties.
"She's wearing a thong! Can you believe Mom looks so hot?" Lisa breathes as she rubs her pussy up and down against my finger. She's squirming around and I can't believe how hot she's getting seeing our mom naked.
Mom sits on the end of the bed to roll her pantyhose the rest of the way down. As she leans forward, we have a great side view of her tits, hanging down over her thighs. With her pantyhose off, Mom stands up, turns her back to us and rolls her thong over the curves of her hips. We are spellbound as the thin strip of material pulls loose from between Mom's firm, round ass cheeks. There is not a hint of sag in her ass and we catch a quick glimpse of her pussy lips before she straightens up, letting her thong fall to the floor.
"Look at that!" hushes Lisa, pointing toward the mirrored closets. "Look at how neat her pubic hair is trimmed." She's right. Mom has a neatly trimmed triangle of dark hair leading down toward her pussy lips, which are clearly visible between her legs. As she stands completely naked before us, my eyes dart back and forth between her pussy, which I can see in the mirror, and her ass, which is facing us. I'm trying to take it all in, as she pulls her swimsuit out of a dresser drawer. She bends over to slip her legs into the bottoms and again my eyes are torn between her beautiful, round ass and her firm, melon sized tits, visible in the mirror. I stare at her tits, spellbound by the light rose-colored areolas surrounding her thick nipples. I watch them jiggle slightly as she stands up, pulling her swimsuit bottom up over her ass and adjusting the ties on the side.
"There's no hair around her pussy lips, Jack. Did you see that when she bent over? She shaves around them." Lisa is bouncing up and down excitedly slipping my finger in and out of her tight, wet pussy. I switch my left hand to her other tit, pinching her now erect nipple through her top.
I watch Mom put her swimsuit top on exactly like I've watched Lisa do so many times. Fastening it in front, and then turning it around so the fastener is in the back. She slips her arms into the straps and adjusts the front triangles over her large white tits. She checks herself in the mirror and heads out the door. Lisa and I make a mad dash for the pool.
"God that was hot, Jack!" Lisa says before Mom gets outside. "I'm soaking wet and I don't mean from the pool water." We're standing in the pool, Lisa's nipples are embossed on her swimsuit top and I'm sporting a raging hard-on. We act like nothing's wrong as Mom walks out, closing the sliding glass door behind her.
"Hey kids! No monkey in the middle today, okay? I've worked all day and I just want to relax in the pool," Mom says, putting her towel down on one of the lounge chairs and heading toward the pool.
"Okay, no problem," I say, as I watch my sexy mother walk down the steps of the pool. Seeing her tits jiggle, as she descends the steps, I can picture her nipples surrounded by smooth, white skin under her swimsuit top. My cock reacts accordingly and I turn away so it's not obvious. Mom plunges into the water and swims a couple of laps, her graceful body gliding the length of the pool.
Lisa swims over to me and whispers in my ear. "Let's put on a show for Mom. Don't hide your bulge from her, tent boy." With that she climbs up my body and dunks me under water. As I come up for air, Lisa jumps on my back, wrapping her legs around my waist. I loop my arms under her legs and give her a piggyback ride around the shallow end of the pool.
"Giddy up!" Lisa laughs, bucking against my back like a bronco rider. It's very innocent looking, but Lisa is humping her pussy against the small of my back as I splash around the pool. The front of my swimsuit is bulging just under the surface of the water and I see Mom staring at it, as Lisa rides my back. I dip down into the water and Lisa shifts from my back, up to my shoulders. I stand up again, with Lisa's legs wrapped over my shoulders, and I grab her knees so she won't fall. She is still laughing as she starts bucking again, humping her pussy against the back of my head. I tilt my head back making harder contact with her mound and look up to see her nipples pushing out her swimsuit top.
Mom is sitting on the steps, taking all this in, as I move toward her. When I'm about two feet from her and she can't miss seeing my bulge, I arch my back, thrusting my hips toward her and throw Lisa backwards into the water. I smile at Mom, and she tries not to stare at my bulge, as I turn and swim toward Lisa. I grab her by the waist and we start wrestling in the water. A few minutes later, Lisa announces that she's had enough and climbs out of the pool. She adjusts a lounge chair until it's flat, spreads her towel on it and lies down on her stomach.
"You're going to get burned, Sis," I yell to her. "You should put some suntan lotion on your back."
"Thanks, Jack," Lisa yells to me. "Mom, would you mind putting lotion on my back?" Lisa asks innocently.
"Not at all, honey." Mom grabs the lotion and Lisa scoots over to give Mom room to sit on the edge of the lounge chair. Mom squirts lotion on her hands and begins rubbing it on Lisa's back and shoulders around her swimsuit strap.
"Undo the strap, will you Mom?" Lisa asks. "I don't need a tan line across my back." Mom flips open the fastener with one hand, lays the straps next to Lisa's sides and continues rubbing the lotion on her bare back. Meanwhile, I've gotten out of the pool and I'm standing behind Mom. I reach over her shoulder for the bottle of lotion and squirt some onto my hands.
"You need some too, Mom," I say, as I begin rubbing the lotion on her shoulders and back. "You don't want to get burned, either." I look over Mom's shoulder at Lisa who looks naked except for her cute, little, swimsuit-covered ass. She's smiling and encouraging Mom.
"Mmmm. That feel's good, Mom," Lisa says dreamily. "You give a great back massage." Mom doesn't respond. I'm not sure what she's thinking about this daisy chain of back massaging, but it's really turning me on. My swimsuit bottoms are tenting out, and my hard cock is only a few inches from Mom's head, as I stand behind her, massaging suntan lotion on her back.
"I think that's enough," Mom says giving Lisa's ass cheek a light smack. "You won't burn now." She turns to get up, bumps her cheek against my swimsuit-covered bulge and freezes. Her face turns bright red and her eyes stare right at my cock, but before either of us can react, Lisa interrupts us.
"Wait Mom, what about the back of my legs. Please put lotion on my legs too or they'll burn." Lisa spreads her legs apart on the towel covered lounge chair, and Mom turns around reaching for the suntan lotion. She rubs her lotion-soaked hands together and starts rubbing up and down on Lisa's calf. I put my hands back on Mom's shoulders and start rubbing lotion around, but she's not going to let me continue.
"Here make yourself useful," she says, handing me the suntan lotion. "Put some lotion on your sister's other leg."
I move around the other side of the lounge chair, kneel down on the deck and start rubbing lotion on Lisa's other leg. I watch Mom's tits gently swinging back and forth as she rubs up and down Lisa's leg. Her nipples are erect and make a clear outline on her swimsuit top. Mom catches me looking and glances down at her own breasts and then over at my bulge. Lisa has moved her legs farther apart and I slide my hand all the way up the inside of her leg, brushing against her bikini covered bottom. Watching me, Mom does the same thing on her other leg. Mom is still staring at the tent my cock is making in my swimsuit.
"Mmm. You guys are a good team," Lisa says, "you could market this."
Abruptly, Mom stands up, wiping her hands on her thighs. "Okay, I think you'll do. I'm going in the house. I've had a long day. I'll see you guys in a little while," Mom says all in one breath. Her face is flush and her nipples are hard, as she scurries across the patio and into the house.
Lisa jumps up off the lounge chair, forgetting her top isn't fastened. She holds it against her ribs, as it slips below her tits, leaving her sexy, little mounds bouncing freely as we run to the window.
"What happened?" Lisa asks as we position ourselves outside Mom's window, me behind Lisa looking over her shoulder again. "All of a sudden, she freaked out."
Mom comes into her room untying her swimsuit bottom and letting it fall. She kicks it into her bathroom, locks the bedroom door and unfastens her top. Shrugging it off her arms, she tosses it in the bathroom, giving us our first look at her fully erect nipples. We stare at her thick, pink nipples sticking out about 3/4 of an inch from her wide areolas, as she starts massaging her breasts. She keeps one hand on her breasts and moves the other one down across her dark, triangle to her pussy lips. She hastily slips two fingers inside her pussy and starts pumping them in and out.
"Damn, Jack she is really hot!" Lisa whispers, while rubbing her ass against my throbbing cock. "Look at her fingering herself. What happened out here?"
"She bumped her cheek into my cock, when she started to get up, and just sat there staring at it. I thought she was going to grab it, when you asked her to do your legs." As I say this, I pull Lisa's swimsuit bottom down to her feet and she lifts one foot out of it, spreading her legs apart.
"Oh god, Jack. Are you going to fuck me while we watch Mom finger herself. You are so bad! Fuck me, Jack!" I drop my swimsuit to the ground and push my rock hard cock deep into Lisa's dripping wet pussy, from behind. She grinds her ass back against me and I steadily pump in and out of her tight, frothing pussy. Lisa let's her top fall to the ground, as she leans her hands against the side of the house for support. We are both completely naked, fucking in our backyard and spying on our mom, as she fingers herself.
Mom is now lying on the bed on her back, with her knees pulled up, pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy. Her other hand is still pinching her tits and pulling at her nipples. When she stretches her nipples out, they're over an inch long, making her tits look like long, cylindrical cones, rising out of her chest. Suddenly Mom starts bucking against her hand, lifting her ass off the bed. She lets go of her tit and starts rubbing her clit, while still shoving her fingers in and out of her pussy.
"This is amazing, Jack!" Lisa whispers, breathing hard. "She's cumming and I'm about to cum with her. Let's all three of us cum together, Jack! Fuck me harder."
I'm holding her hips and pulling her against me, while I slam harder and faster into my sister's burning, hot pussy. She's thrusting her ass back against me and I can feel her pussy muscles spasm around my cock. I shoot a huge load of cum deep into Lisa's cunt, while watching Mom's face contort in ecstasy. Mom lifts her legs completely off the bed and her body is shaking violently, as I feel Lisa's pussy contract around my cock, quivering. I shoot several smaller loads into her pussy, before leaning against her back, looking in the window.
"Oh, Fuck, Jack! That's where I get it from. Will you look at that?" Mom is lying spread-eagle on the bed slipping her pussy drenched fingers into her mouth and sucking her own juices. Her chest is rising and falling, as she sucks her fingers and tries to catch her breath. She licks her fingers clean and then dips them back in her pussy, scooping out more juices to suck from her fingers. I'm glad my cock is still buried deep inside Lisa's tight pussy, because what happens next makes me hard again in no time.
Mom gets up from her bed and walks over to her dresser. We are thinking the show's over, but then she returns to the bed and lays down on her back again. In her hands she has a bright, pink cylinder about nine inches long.
"Is that what I think it is?" Lisa moans. "Oh my god, Jack she's got a vibrator. We're going to watch her fuck her pussy with a vibrator." Lisa smiles at me over her shoulder. "Spying on me was never this good, was it?" Of course it wasn't. I was cumming with my hand not inside a hot, quivering pussy.
Mom licks the vibrator, sliding it in and out of her mouth a couple of times, covering it with saliva, before moving it down to her pussy. She pulls her legs up and we watch her run the tip of the vibrator up and down her thick, glistening pussy lips. She slips it between her lips and buries all 9" of it deep inside her pussy. Her legs twitch a couple of times when she twists the end of the vibrator, turning it on. She lays her head back on the bed, holding the vibrator deep inside her pussy with one hand. She just lays there for a while, not moving.
"What's she doing?" I ask as I begin moving my fully recovered cock in and out of Lisa's enflamed pussy. "She's just laying there?"
"I think she's just enjoying the vibrations inside her pussy. I bet it feels great," Lisa says, excitedly. "I want to try it, Jack. Did you see where she keeps it?" Lisa is pushing back against me, matching me stroke for stroke, as we set up a regular rhythm with our fucking. Both of our eyes are on Mom's pussy and the nine-inch pink vibrator stuck inside of it.
"No, I don't know where she got it from, but I bet we can find it tomorrow while Mom's at work. Knowing you, we'll probably have to replace the batteries before the days over though." I laugh while keeping up the rhythm of our fucking.
"Very funny, Jack. Oh look, she's pulling it out," She says as we watch Mom pull the vibrator half way out of her pussy and push it back in. She pulls her knees up and spreads her legs wide apart, as she fucks the vibrator in and out between her swollen pussy lips. Lisa and I unconsciously adjust our rhythm to match Moms and it feels like all three of us are fucking together. Lisa's tight pussy is well lubricated, from her juices and my prior load of cum, and my cock makes squishing noises as it glides in and out.
We watch Mom pull the vibrator all the way out of her pussy and run the tip of it up over her clit. She holds it firmly against her clit for about a minute before she raises her ass up off the bed and starts violently bucking her hips in the air. I start hammering into Lisa's cum soaked cunt, holding her hips with my hands and slamming up against her ass.
"God, Jack! This is so unreal. Fuck me hard, Jack. Fuck me hard, while I watch Mom cumming with her vibrator!" Lisa is panting and pushing back against my hammering cock.
Mom stops bucking almost as suddenly as she started, removing the vibrator from her clit and relaxing her legs. She slides her legs down onto the bed, still wide apart, in a spread eagle position. Her chest is heaving up and down, as she gulps air into her lungs. Her tits are rising and falling with her breathing and her nipples are still very stiff. She turns off the vibrator, holding it in her right hand as she lets her arms fall on the bed on either side of her. Her breathing is still slowing, as she lazily moves the vibrator to her mouth and starts licking and sucking her juices off of it.
"Fuck me, Jack! Fuck me! Did you see that! Ohhh! Fuck me, Jack!" Lisa is out of control, thrusting her ass up against my hard cock. She reaches her left hand between her legs and massages my balls. This puts me over the top and I bury my hard cock deep in Lisa's steaming, hot pussy, shooting another load of cum inside her. Clamping down hard on my shaft, her pulsating pussy walls milk every drop of cum from my cock. Her legs are shaking and I reach my arms around her just under her breasts to hold her up. My cock slips from her pussy as I hold her against me. Turning around, Lisa wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me fervently. Her bare tits grind against my chest, as our tongues dance together inside her mouth.
"Wow! That was awesome!" Lisa says as we both look in the window to see what Mom's doing. She's getting up off the bed and going into her bathroom. We hear the shower start and decide the show is over for today.
"We could stay and watch her get dressed after her shower, if you'd like," I say to Lisa, still holding her naked body in a tight embrace outside of Mom's window.
"I don't think I can take anymore today, Jack," she smiles. "You can stay and watch if you want. I should probably go in and get cleaned up, while Mom's in the shower. I've got all this gunk oozing out of my pussy, and running down my legs, thanks to you." She leans up and kisses me hard on the mouth. "Thank you, Jack for an incredible day? Who knew spying could be so much fun?" She picks up her swimsuit and walks toward the door.
As I watch her naked ass wiggle across the patio, I take one last look in Mom's window and decide not to hang around. Nothing could top what I've already seen. I pick up my swimsuit and walk naked into the house behind Lisa. Going into my room, I get dressed and flop down on my bed, exhausted and spent from the day's events.
I wake up the next morning with Lisa cuddled up to me, her tits pushed against my back. Her arm is draped over my body and her hand is gently massaging my cock and balls.
"I would like some of your cum for breakfast, Jack. Do you think that would be alright?" Lisa says softly in my ear.
"As long as I can drink your pussy juice for my breakfast," I answer, rolling over on my back.
"I think that's a fair trade. Here put these pillows behind your head," Lisa says as she moves two more pillows under my head and shoulders, raising me up to a half sitting position. "I want you to watch me and I want to see your face when you cum." She is on her knees between my legs.
"Bend your knees up, Jack so I can lick your ass and your balls." I lift up my knees, putting my feet flat on the bed. "Okay, a new game, Jack with just one rule; don't move. I want you to lie perfectly still while I suck you off. Don't move your hips. Don't push up into my mouth. Whenever you move, I'm going to stop what I'm doing and sit up. Understand?" Lisa's smiling that mischievous smile of hers, but it sounds intriguing so I say yes.
My sister bends her head down and licks one long lick from my balls to the tip of my cock. She wraps her lips around my cock and slides her mouth up and down while her tongue licks the underside of my shaft. She keeps her eyes on my face, while she bobs her head up and down on my very rigid cock. Her mouth is wet and warm and I can't help bucking my ass off the bed to match her rhythm. She immediately pulls her mouth off my cock and sits back on her knees.
"Jack. Don't move, remember?" Lisa says with fake admonishment.
"Okay, Sorry, sorry. It's hard!" I quickly answer.
"Of course it's hard, Jack. That's why I'm sucking it." She laughs and bends down, resuming the blowjob. With one hand she's holding my cock, stroking with the rhythm of her sucking and with her other hand she's caressing my balls. I force myself to lie perfectly still and just enjoy the sight of my sister sucking my morning hard-on. She takes her hand off my cock and starts taking me deeper into her mouth with each dip of her head. She's smiling with her eyes and looking right at me as she continues to move her lips farther and farther down my shaft.
I watch her hand move back between her legs and rub lightly between her pussy lips. She slips one finger inside her pussy, pulls it back out and then begins massaging my asshole with it. I feel her slick juices lubricate my asshole, as she continues sucking my cock deep into her mouth. Without thinking I push my cock up and she stops everything.
"Fuck Lisa! What do you expect? I can't just lie perfectly still with what you're doing." I'm really annoyed that she's stopped.
"You're going to have to, Jack, if you want me to let you cum in my mouth this morning," she teases. She has her finger back inside her pussy. She pulls it out and starts rubbing my asshole with it again. She rubs all around the hole, and then pushes just the tip of her finger inside my ass at exactly the same moment that she eases her lips completely down my shaft.
"Oh fuck! Lisa, that is fucking amazing!" I moan, trying not to move.
The end of my cock is in her throat and her lips are pushed against my pubic hair. She holds me there, licking my cock with her tongue and fingering my asshole, then pulls off and takes a deep breath. She immediately slides her mouth back down my cock and pushes her finger a little farther inside my ass.
I'm going nuts watching my sister deep throat me, while fingering my ass. I'm concentrating on keeping my body still while Lisa, looking directly in my eyes, continues deep throating my throbbing hard cock. With her hand still playing with my balls, she must feel them tighten, as I get ready to cum. She pulls her lips halfway up my shaft, continues licking the underside of my cock and pushes her finger all the way in my asshole just as I shoot my load. She's sliding her finger in and out of my ass, and swallowing my cum, as I continue shooting load after load into her warm, wet mouth.
"Fuck! You are amazing! That was absolutely a mind-blowing fucking blowjob, Lisa!" I'm yelling as she cleans the last bits of cum off my cock with her tongue. Her finger is still buried deep inside my asshole as she pulls her face away from my cock and licks her lips.
"Mmmmm that was a good breakfast," she says as she eases her finger out of my ass. "Did you enjoy it, Jack? I did a little more homework. I was thinking maybe extra credit. What do you think?"
"Extra fucking credit is right! Deep throating and fingering my ass! I've never felt anything even close to this before. Lie down, Lisa, let me see if I can do half as well with my breakfast."
"Wait, Jack. Let's go find the vibrator! I want you to experiment with it on me." Lisa jumps off the bed and runs naked into Mom's room. I follow her, staring at her tight round ass, while she searches through Mom's dresser drawers.
"Try her underwear drawer," I tell her, standing in the doorway, enjoying the view of my naked sister rummaging around in Mom's dresser. Her nipples are hard and her tits are bouncing, as she moves around looking for the vibrator. "That seems the most likely place." Lisa opens Mom's underwear drawer and pushes her bras and panties aside to look underneath them.
"Here, I've got it!" Lisa holds up the nine-inch pink vibrator that we saw Mom use yesterday. "Wait. What's this?" Lisa asks, as she pulls a small plastic oval out of the drawer. It has a wire attached to it that runs to a switch. The oval is about an inch long and looks like a little egg. The wire is about two feet long and the switch is a small plastic push button. Lisa pushes the button and the egg starts to vibrate.
"Oh my god!" Lisa yells. "I think it goes up inside. I think she puts this in her pussy and then pushes this button when she wants it to vibrate." Lisa is holding the egg by the wire and grinning from ear to ear. "Let's try them both!" she squeals, as she closes the drawer and heads back to my room.
"I want to try the egg first to see what it feels like, then the long one. Do you think the pink one will fit all the way inside me like it did Mom? It's pretty big." She's lying on my bed looking at the two vibrators. I sit down beside her and reach for the egg.
"Here, let me see that," I say, taking it from her and stretching the wire out. "I think we've been fucking long enough that you'll be able to take most of the pink one inside your pussy." I'm sitting on the bed next to her as she lies on her back pulling her knees up. I reach between her legs and run my finger up and down her pussy lips. She pretty wet already, so I put the egg between her lips and push it up inside with my finger.
"Ready?" I ask, with my finger poised over the button.
"Ready," Lisa says excitedly.
I push the button and hear the muffled sound of the egg vibrating inside Lisa's pussy.
"Ohhh. Oh, fuck! It's ummmm. It's ummmm. I don't know. It's...It's...goddamn!" Lisa is panting already, moving her ass up and down and opening and closing her legs. I push the button and the egg stops.
"What are you doing, Jack! That felt great. Why did you stop it?" Lisa asks.
"Because you were moving," I tease. "No, not really. I just thought it would be good to try the pink one and compare before you got too far along. What do you think?" I ask her, pulling the wire to dislodge the egg from her pussy. It pops out from between her pussy lips and rolls between her legs.
"Yeah. Good idea, I guess. But that one sure felt good!"
I push the tip of the pink one between her pussy lips and it glides halfway in, lubricated by Lisa's already flowing juices. I push it a little more and ask Lisa how it feels.
"It's fine. Is it in all the way?" she asks.
"Almost. Just a couple more inches and you'll have it." I push it a little more until just the switch is sticking out of her pussy. "How does it feel?"
"It's big, but I'd rather have your cock," she says, smiling at me. "Turn it on and let's see," Lisa says, holding her breath and waiting for me to turn the vibrator switch.
"Maybe you should do it. You can adjust the speed to where you want it. You just turn the end and the farther you turn it the faster it vibrates." I move my hand from the vibrator to let her take it.
"No, Jack. I want you to do it, please. Just go slow and I'll tell you if it's too fast."
I turn the switch and hear the low hum of the vibrator. Turning it a little more, I watch Lisa's face.
"Oh Fuck! That's better than the egg, Jack! Oh god! This is unreal." Lisa is bucking her hips up and down while I hold the vibrator in her pussy.
"Do you want it faster?" I ask.
'Yeah. Just a little bit, let's see what it does." I turn it faster and watch Lisa's reaction. She starts thrusting her hips all the way off the bed and I'm struggling to keep the vibrator all the way in her pussy. Her pussy muscles are pushing it out. I start a rhythm by pushing it in and letting her push it out. I'm fucking her with the vibrator, sliding it in and out of her pussy.
"Ohhhhh Ohhhhh Ohhhhhh I'm cumming, Jack!" I push it in and out faster. She's bucking so wildly that I can barely keep the vibrator in her over-excited pussy.
"Tell me what to do, Sis. Do you want it pushed in and out, or held in, or what?" I'm trying frantically to keep up with her jerky thrusts, as her body reacts to the stimulation of the vibrator.
"Just do whatever you're doing. I'm cumming!" She grabs the bedspread with her hands, slams her ass down on the bed and closes her legs, trapping the vibrator and my hand between them. "Stop it! Shut it off! Stop it, Jack!" Lisa yells.
"Open your legs, so I can!" I yell, prying her legs apart and turning the vibrator switch to off. She collapses on the bed, her legs twitching and her chest heaving up and down, as she catches her breath.
"Wow! No wonder Mom was relaxed last night!" Lisa says, smiling while she sucks air into her lungs.
"Didn't Mom use it on her clit, too?" I ask Lisa. "Do you want to try that?"
"Yeah in a minute," she says, still panting. "Let me catch my breath." The pink vibrator is still in Lisa's pussy and I reach over and pick up the egg. It is soaked with Lisa's juices and I get an idea.
"Hey, you know what you should try? How about we leave the pink vibrator in your pussy and use the egg to stimulate your clit. That should really get you off."
"Ooh, yeah! I like the way you think, Jack," Lisa says, spreading her legs apart. "Why don't you turn the pink one on low and then hold the egg against my clit?"
"Okay. The egg only has one speed, so if it's too much, we can switch them." I reach over and turn the pink one on the lowest setting and leave it buried in her pussy. I push the button on the egg-shaped vibrator and hold the vibrating egg against her clit. "How's that?"
"Mmmmm It's.... It's.... Ohhh Fuck! It's... Hold it right there, Jack. Don't move it. It's making me cum already! Stop! Turn them off. I want to switch them. The egg vibrates too much or I'm too sensitive or something. Quick, Jack. Switch them around."
I set the egg on the bed and pull the pink vibrator out of her pussy, turning it off. I push the vibrating egg up inside her with my finger, then turning the pink vibrator on low, I hold the tip of it against her clit. She's already jerking against it and I'm having trouble keeping it on her clit.
"Lie still!" I tell her. "It'll only work if it stays against your clit. You can't keep bucking against it and expect it to stay in position." I move between her legs and press my forearm across her mound to hold her still, while I keep the tip of the vibrator against her clit. She's jerking and twitching from the simultaneous vibration inside her pussy and against her clit.
"It feels like an orgasm machine, Jack. I just keep cumming and cumming! Oh Fuck! It's.... It's.... building up a big one! Oh Fuck! God Damn! God Damn! Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Lisa is bucking and thrashing wildly, and I'm trying to hold the tip of the pink vibrator against her clit, when she yells at me to stop. "Stop! Jack! Shut them off! Pull them out! Stop!"
I remove the pink vibrator from her clit and push the button on the egg, shutting it off. Lisa's body is twitching and trembling. She rolls onto her side, curling up in the fetal position, gulping air and moaning softly.
"Mmmmmm Jack," she moans as I pull on the wire and pop the egg out of her drenched pussy. Her juices are oozing from her pussy lips and running down her ass. I lean over and lick them up.
"I haven't had breakfast yet, remember," I whisper as I lick her hot, cream from her ass cheeks and thighs. She's curled up away from me and I'm lying on my side with my feet behind her head and my face pushed up against her ass. I lick all around her pussy lips, and then push her lips apart with my tongue, releasing a hot stream of thick syrup, which I hungrily lap up.
I pull my head back as Lisa rolls over, raising her left knee and giving me access to her pussy from the front. I continue licking her juices, while she lifts my semi-erect cock in her hand and slips the head into her mouth.
"Want to know what it felt like?" she asks, pulling her mouth off my cock and holding up the pink vibrator. "It was like continuous orgasms without the teasing or the build up. It was great, but I can see why Mom started with her fingers and built up to the vibrator. Here, let me show you." Lisa is smiling at me. I stop licking and watch her turn the vibrator on and press it against my cock just under the head. My cock immediately extends to its full length and in no time I'm humping against the vibrator. It feels like a milking machine trying to pull the cum out of my balls.
"Wow! That's amazing. It doesn't feel like anything I've ever felt before." I'm frantically bucking my hips against it as I feel the tension build. "God! I'm going to cum already." Lisa keeps the vibrator against my cock, wraping her lips around the head, just as I explode. She sucks and swallows, as I buck my hips against her mouth, and the vibrator milks all the cum from my balls.
"Okay, stop! Take it off my cock! Fuck that was unreal! It was like instant sex. I came hard but it was over pretty fast. Is that what it felt like to you?" I ask Lisa, as she settles back on the bed, licking her lips and swallowing the last of my cum.
"Yeah, pretty much. But when you had both vibrators going, it was fucking amazing. I think I'd like to try it sometime after you've already given me two or three orgasms with your mouth and your cock, and see what happens, because you're right it was over pretty fast."
"You're insatiable. Do you know that? What will you think of next?" I ask, teasingly.
"Well, I've actually thought of how we might be able to seduce Mom. Want to hear?" Lisa explains her idea and it almost sounds plausible. I can hardly wait. The plan includes me watching through the window, and listening to them, using our cell phones.
We get our chance about two weeks later. It's a Saturday and all three of us are in the pool. We horse around for a while, both of us teasing Mom with as much skin contact as we can. Then Lisa and Mom put suntan lotion on each other while I lie on my back next to them, my bulge apparent in my trunks. I watch Mom squirm, eying my cock, as Lisa rubs suntan lotion up and down Mom's legs, nearly caressing her ass cheeks.
We know the plan is working when Mom abruptly gets up and says she's had enough for the day. As she goes into the house, we head for her window. What we see is nearly an exact replay of what we had seen a few weeks before. Mom locks her bedroom door, strips out of her swimsuit and begins fingering her pussy and pinching her hard nipples. She already has the vibrator with her when she lies down on the bed, finger fucking herself. After cumming with her fingers, she slides the vibrator deep in her sticky, wet pussy and turns it on.
"That's your cue, Sis. Are you ready?" I ask. Lisa's plan includes interrupting Mom just as she's about to cum with the vibrator. That will put Mom at her most vulnerable and give Lisa's plan a greater chance for success. We each have our cell phones and I speed dial hers, as she's walking into the house.
"Hey," I say into my phone, "wait for my signal. And don't forget to put your phone on speaker when you go in Mom's room."
"Don't worry. I won't let you miss anything. You just remember to hit mute so she doesn't hear you jacking off through my phone," Lisa laughs.
"Okay, I'm at her bedroom door," she whispers.
I watch Mom moving the vibrator in and out of her pussy, and just as she's raising her hips off the bed, I give Lisa the signal. "Go now!"
Lisa knocks on Mom's door and tries the door handle on the locked door. "Mom, can I talk to you a minute?" She sounds so innocent.
I watch Mom yell something at the door, pull the vibrator out of her sopping, wet pussy and hide it under her pillow. She gets up, grabs her silk robe from the closet and walks toward the door.
"The vibrator is under her pillow. She's coming to the door in just her robe. You're on!" I say as I hit mute on my cell phone and watch. Lisa must have hit her speakerphone button, because I hear the door open.
"What's wrong, Lisa?" Mom asks.
"Umm," Lisa hesitates, "can I come in and talk to you a minute, Mom?" Mom tied her robe around her waist, but Lisa still gets a great view of her cleavage, as her tits swell out into the opening at the top of the robe, and her hard nipples push against the thin fabric.
"Of course, is something wrong?" Mom leads Lisa into the room and they both sit down on the edge of the bed. I see Lisa nonchalantly lay her phone on Mom's nightstand, speaker side up.
"Mom, you know you've always told us we can talk to you about anything, right?"
"Absolutely, no matter what's wrong, we'll work it out together," Mom says, serious concern showing on her face.
"Oh no! It's nothing like that," Lisa laughs. "I just have a couple of questions, but it's kind of embarrassing to talk about with your mom."
"Oh, come on. Whatever your questions are, I'll try to answer them the best I can without causing you any undue embarrassment. Now what do you want to ask." Mom is clearly relieved that she only has to deal with embarrassment and not a real problem.
"Well. You have that very sexy swimsuit, that doesn't cover as much as mine, yet your pubic hair doesn't show around your swimsuit and mine does. I keep adjusting my suit and yet a few stray hairs are always sticking out and it's embarrassing, especially around boys. Do you shave or trim yours? Can you show me how?"
Mom is smiling. "Yes, Lisa, I do trim my hair so it doesn't show and yes..." Lisa cuts her off before she has a chance to finish.
"Can I see? I want to see how it's trimmed and see if that's what I want to do with mine." Lisa is already pulling Mom's robe open to look at her pussy. I know Lisa's plan isn't about trimming her pubic hair. It's all about getting Mom to expose her pussy to her.
"Hold on," Mom says standing up and untying her robe. "I'll let you see what I'm talking about, just be a little patient." When Mom opens her robe she's facing the window and I get a clear view of her neatly trimmed triangle of hair. I watch Lisa reach her hand out and run her fingers across Mom's patch of short, trimmed pussy hair. Mom takes a deep breath, but doesn't say anything.
"That's all the hair you have? You trim all the rest away. How? Do you trim with the scissors or shave? Look at mine. The hair just goes every which way. It doesn't look sexy like yours." Lisa pulls her swimsuit bottom down and shows Mom her blonde pussy. She brushes her fingers through her hair saying, "See mine's ugly. Not sexy like yours at all."
"It's not ugly at all, dear. It's quite lovely actually, but we can trim it if you like, so it's not so unruly." Mom is concentrating on consoling Lisa and barely notices her bend forward to look up at Mom's pussy from below. This is where her plan is either going to work or not work.
"Mom! You don't have any hair around your vagina, it's totally smooth." Lisa has her fingers on Mom's hair again and runs her thumb across Mom's smoothly shaved pussy lips. Mom steps back out of reach of Lisa's hand and starts pulling her robe closed.
"Mom! You're soaking wet. You are.... Oh my God! That's why you had the door locked, isn't it. Oh, Mom, I'm sorry. Were you... um? I'm sorry I interrupted you, didn't I?" While she's saying this, Lisa is licking the juices off her thumb as if it's the most natural thing in the world.
"It's alright dear." She's staring at Lisa licking her thumb." I guess I was silly to sneak in here in the middle of the day. I should have waited until I went to bed. Yes, I was masturbating but it's not something I wish to discuss with you." Mom is really flustered and talking fast. I'm not sure Lisa is going to get anywhere, but this is very exciting to watch.
"Actually, that's the other thing I wanted to talk to you about," Lisa says, softly. "I think there's something wrong with me and I might be a pervert or something."
Mom steps closer with concern coming back on her face. "What do you mean, dear? What do you think is wrong with you?" Lisa is sitting on the bed, naked except for her swimsuit top, with her head down, not making eye contact with Mom. Mom sits down next to her and puts her arm around Lisa. "I'm sure there is nothing wrong with you and you're certainly not a pervert. Just tell mama whatever's bothering you, okay?"
"Well, you know that I've been going out with a couple of guys at school but I've never let any of them go all the way." I love how carefully Lisa is wording this so she won't be lying to Mom.
"Well I didn't know, but I'm awfully glad to hear that," Mom says turning toward Lisa and lifting her chin up with her hand. "So what is it that's bothering you?"
"Umm...I haven't let any of them do it, but not because I didn't want to and after our dates I come home very excited and... well... um... really wet, you know?" I can see Mom is smiling but not letting Lisa see that she is.
"That's pretty normal, I'd say. There's nothing wrong with that," Mom says, trying to reassure Lisa.
"Well, I'm really excited and I umm... you know..."
"Masturbate?" Mom cuts in. "Well as you have seen, it happens to the best of us, dear. There's nothing wrong with masturbating. It's very natural. It certainly doesn't make you a pervert."
"But it doesn't seem to help. I don't seem to be able to relieve all the pressure. I touch myself and I just get wetter. But I don't think I'm getting an orgasm like you read about in all those Cosmo type magazines. I think there's something wrong with me!" Lisa throws herself down on the bed crying. I have to admit, it is quite a show. Who knew my twin sister was such an actress. But wait, Mom is staring at Lisa's bare ass jiggling on the bed as she sobs.
"Lisa, there's nothing wrong with you. Those articles are full of exaggerations and inaccuracies; they're trying to sell magazines." Mom is rubbing Lisa's back, but her eyes are on her cute, round ass.
"Does it help you? Do you get relief when you masturbate, Mom? I mean, it's been over four months since Daddy's been home, you've got to miss being with him, right?"
"Of course, I miss your father, we all do," Mom says, her hand starting to rub across Lisa's ass cheeks.
"No, I mean being with him sexually. You miss that. Isn't that why you're masturbating in the middle of the day, Mom? Does it help? Do you get relief from it?" Lisa turns her head and looks at Mom. Mom's hand stops rubbing but stays on Lisa's firm, round ass cheek.
"Yes I miss having sex with your father and yes masturbating does help. It releases my sexual tension for a while." Mom is starting to squirm a little and I can see her legs opening and closing slightly.
"How long? How long does it last? I need to touch myself all the time. Even right after I finger myself and I'm soaking wet, I want to keep touching myself. What's the secret? What am I missing, Mom?"
"I don't know. Do you just play with your vagina or do you rub your clitoris, too?" Mom is getting very uncomfortable with this discussion but she's in for a real surprise, because Lisa rolls over to show her how she masturbates.
"Here's what I do," Lisa says as she rolls onto her back, spreads her legs and starts rubbing her fingers up and down her slit. She slips two fingers inside her pussy and starts pumping them in and out.
"I just do this until it feels like I'm cumming," Lisa says. "But the perverted part is that I lick my fingers afterwards. I love the taste of my own juice and I get so hot when I taste it. You think that's perverted, don't you?" Lisa is still pumping her fingers in and out of her pussy while she looks at Mom. Mom's face is flushed and she is staring at Lisa masturbating right next to her.
"You are not a pervert, Lisa. I'm sure a lot of women like the taste of their own juices. I even like..." Mom stops. She seems to realize she's about to tell Lisa that she likes her own juices, which we already know from our previous spying episode.
"What Mom? Ohhhh!" Lisa is starting to buck her hips up to meet her fingers. Mom is breathing hard and seems mesmerized by Lisa's actions. "Mom, show me how you do it. Show me how to get off." Lisa takes her fingers from her pussy and scoots around so her pussy is facing Mom on the bed. "Do me like you do yourself, mama. Show me how to really get off. Please!"
"I don't know, Lisa," Mom stutters, as she stares at Lisa's wet pussy. "This isn't appropriate!"
"Please Mom!" Lisa pleads. "If you don't show me, who will? How am I supposed to learn?" Mom hesitates, and then moves her hands towards Lisa's pussy. She slowly inserts two fingers inside Lisa's wet snatch and uses her other had to massage her clit.
"I shouldn't be doing this, Lisa. It just doesn't seem right." She starts moving her fingers in and out of Lisa's pussy. "Here's what you do," Mom says, taking an instructive tone. "You need to massage your clitoris as you stimulate the inside of your vagina. How does that feel?"
"That feels soooo good, mama." Lisa pants as she humps Mom's hand. Mom manipulates her clit between her thumb and her index finger as Lisa moves her hand down and slips her fingers into Mom's mouth. Startled at first, the taste works it's magic and Mom starts licking the pussy juice off Lisa's fingers.
"Oh baby, what are you doing?" Mom says, still sucking Lisa's fingers. "This isn't right!" she breathes." Oh God! You taste so good!" Mom moans as she slips her mouth off of Lisa's fingers. Slowly lowering her head to within an inch of Lisa's sweet pussy, Mom inhales, taking a deep, intoxicating whiff. Hesitantly, she licks a few drops of juice from Lisa's pussy lips, savoring the taste. Closing her eyes, Mom tentatively replaces her fingers with her tongue, lapping up Lisa's sweet juices. My cock is rock hard, and I'm frantically rubbing it through my swimsuit, as I watch Mom eat Lisa's young, hot pussy.
"Oh my god! Mama, eat my pussy! It feels so good! Oh, mama!" Lisa is lifting her ass up off the bed, pushing her mouth into our mom's face. Mom has moved her mouth up to Lisa's clit and is finger fucking her again. Lisa has pushed her swimsuit top up over her tits and is frantically pulling at her nipples.
"Oh, mama! Ohh yes!" Lisa is bucking wildly now. I've pulled my cock out of my swimsuit and I'm stroking it furiously, while watching the most unbelievable sight I've ever seen. I never in a million years ever thought I would see my Mom eating my sister's pussy.
"I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh mama! It feels so good. I'm really cumming!" Lisa is out of control, in a way that I've never seen. She is bouncing her ass off the bed, holding the back of Mom's head with her hand and really getting off on whatever Mom is doing with her tongue. Mom seems to know exactly what to do when Lisa climaxes. Lisa doesn't yell stop like she usually has to with me. She just falls back on the bed quivering, as Mom licks the juices all around her pussy. My cock explodes and I shoot a huge load of cum on the ground, as Lisa settles down from her orgasm.
"Jesus, Mom. I've never felt anything like that! You are amazing. Thank you so much! You are the best Mom in the whole world!" Lisa is running her fingers through Mom's hair as Mom continues lapping up Lisa's juices.
"I don't know about that," Mom says, looking up from between Lisa's legs. "What kind of mother eats her own daughter's pussy?"
"The best kind. It was incredible, Mom," Lisa says, sitting up. "Now it's my turn. I want to do for you what you just did for me. I can't wait to taste you, Mom." Before Mom can argue or resist, Lisa pushes her back on the bed, pulling her robe open. Lisa spreads Mom's legs and stares at Mom's neatly shaved pussy. "It's beautiful, mama. I bet it tastes wonderful," Lisa whispers as she lowers her mouth and runs her tongue up Mom's pussy lips.
"Oh, baby girl! We shouldn't!" Mom moans. "This isn't right! I was just showing you how!" Mom's robe is all the way open and I can see her hard nipples sticking up from her jiggling tits. She pulls her legs up on either side of Lisa's head and raises her ass off the bed, pushing her pussy against Lisa's hungry mouth.
"Oh fuck! Just this once, then," Mom pants, "lick your mama's pussy! God it's been so long and it feels so fucking good!" Mom starts massaging her tits and stretching out her nipples. I can feel my cock getting hard again as I fantasize about sucking Mom's thick nipples and fucking her pussy. Lisa actually did it! She fucking seduced Mom into eating her pussy and now she's eating Mom's pussy. We agreed that I would stay outside until Lisa signals me. I can hardly wait.
"Ohhh, Yes! Suck my clit, Lisa! That's it. Oh yeah! Put your fingers inside me. Oh fuck! It feels so good!" Mom is really thrashing around on the bed now, swinging her head from side to side and I figure she must be getting close to cumming. Lisa is finger-fucking her while she sucks her clit. Earlier, I had told Lisa about flicking the clit with her tongue while she sucks it with her lips. I imagine that's what's getting Mom off now.
"Ohhh Fuck! You're making me cum! I'm cumming now! You're making your mama cum!" I watch Mom push her ass way up off the bed, grab Lisa's hair and hold her head against her pussy jerking wildly in the throes of her orgasm. Finally, Mom falls back on the bed, letting go of Lisa's head. Her tits heave up and down as she tries to catch her breath. Lisa still has her head between Mom's legs and I assume she's lapping up all the sweet syrup that must be running out of Mom's cunt.
Nobody says anything for several minutes. Then, Lisa licks her way up Mom's sweat soaked body stopping to suckle her tits and bite her hard, thick nipples. I watch her move up and put her tongue in Mom's mouth, while pushing her firm, round tits into Mom's plentiful chest and crushing her blonde bush against Mom's trimmed, dark mound.
My cock is sticking straight out of my swimsuit as I watch my sister's sweet young ass move around, grinding her pussy between Mom's legs. With her legs spread wide apart, Mom loops her feet behind Lisa's legs, pulling her tighter against her. Their naked bodies rock back and forth as they squeeze their pussies together and suck each other's tongues.
"That was amazing, Mom! I love you so much and you taste so delicious. Thank you. Thank you for doing this with me." Lisa has rolled onto her side next to Mom. Her leg is draped over Mom, with her knee against Mom's pussy and she is massaging Mom's tits with her hand.
"Yes it was!" Mom says, still panting. "I can't believe we did that. You were fantastic, baby girl." She's still catching her breath. "But as good as you were," Mom says, stroking Lisa's hair with her hand. "I would do anything right now for a hard cock."
Lisa raises her head and looks at Mom, smiling. She raises her hand off Mom's tits and gives me a thumbs-up that Mom can't see. That's our signal and I head into the house.
"I'll be right back, Mom," I hear Lisa say through the phone, as I open the sliding glass door. I meet Lisa in the hallway and she smiles when she sees the tent my cock is making in my swimsuit.
"Take those off," she says, pointing to my swimming trunks. "This is the moment we've all been waiting for." I drop my trunks on the floor and Lisa wraps her hand around my rigid cock, leading me into Mom's bedroom.
"How about this one?" Lisa asks Mom, as she leads me over to the bed by my cock. Lisa is grinning from ear to ear and Mom can't take her eyes off my hard cock. Mom is lying on the bed, starring at us with her mouth open, not saying anything. She furls her brow, shifting her eyes from me to Lisa, obviously trying to come to grips with all of this. Eventually a smile comes to her lips and she accuses us of setting her up.
"You two planned this whole thing, didn't you?" she says, reaching over and taking my cock from Lisa's hand. She pulls me closer to the bed, positioning my cock inches from her face. "You've been teasing me with this for a couple of weeks now," Mom sighs. "You better be ready to use it," she says, wrapping her lips around my cock and sucking the head into her warm mouth.
"Oh yeah!" I groan. My own mother is sucking my fucking cock! Oh fuck!
Standing next to the bed, I eagerly pump in and out of Mom's experienced mouth. She's licking and sucking my cock, stroking her hand up and down my shaft and massaging my balls. It's like a dream come true when I see Lisa start sucking Mom's tits and playing with her pussy. I've always fantasized what a threesome would be like, but I never believed it would be with my sister and my mother.
"We've got a fantasy to live out here, Mom," Lisa says. "Let Jack join me on the bed so we can each suck one of your tits." Mom looks up at me questioningly as she continues stroking and sucking my cock.
"Sure," I say, shrugging, "we can continue this later." I reluctantly pull my throbbing cock from Mom's wet mouth and climb on the bed next to her. Taking her right tit in my hand I wrap my lips around her thick nipple, while Lisa continues sucking on her left tit. Lisa has her fingers in Mom's pussy, so I start playing with her clit, rolling it between my finger and my thumb.
"Ohhh yeah! My babies! What are you guys doing to your mother? Yes! Bite my nipples, squeeze my clit, oh my god!" Mom is humping against our hands while Lisa and I watch each other suckle at our mother's breasts. I watch Lisa bite Mom's nipple and pull it with her teeth, stretching it out about an inch. I do the same with her other nipple.
"Jack I need you to put that hard cock inside my pussy right now!" Mom yells. Lisa moves over and I climb on top of Mom sliding my cock between her legs. Her pussy is soaked and I glide right in and start pumping in and out of her. Mom isn't as tight as Lisa, but she's doing something with her pussy muscles and her hips that feels amazing around my hard cock.
"Faster, Jack! Fuck me harder and faster!" Mom yells, reminding me a lot of Lisa and I wrap my arms behind her legs pulling them up, as I pound into her. I've got Mom's legs in the air and I'm on my knees hammering into her hot, throbbing pussy. Lisa lies down behind me, pushing her head up between my legs and licking my balls. She moves her tongue up to the base of my cock and is licking Mom's juices off my cock as slam it in and out of Mom's pussy. I don't know how long I can take this before I'll explode.
"Oh yeah! Lick my asshole! Oh Fuck! That is fucking wonderful! Oh baby girl, what you're doing!" Lisa obviously has started licking from Mom's asshole, up to the bottom of her pussy and along my pumping shaft. "Oh! Stick it in. Stick your tongue in my ass! Yeah! Just like that!" Mom is panting and thrashing around on the bed, her lust displacing any inhibitions about fucking her children.
"I'm cumming! Jack, keep it up! I'm cumming sooo hard!" Lisa must have her tongue buried in Mom's asshole, because I don't feel it anymore. Instead I feel a finger rubbing up and down the crack of my ass.
Just as Mom starts cumming, Lisa holds my balls with her hand and starts rolling them gently around while she pushes a wet finger into my asshole. Immediately, my cock explodes inside Mom's pussy and I jerk violently, shooting load after load of cum deep inside her burning hole. I feel her pussy muscles pulsating around my cock, as Lisa moves her head and hands out of the way so we can settle back down on the bed. I'm lying on top of Mom enjoying the rise and fall of her tits against my chest, as we both gasp air into our lungs.
Lisa is rubbing my back and running her hand lightly over my ass cheeks. She moves her head over and starts kissing, licking and biting my ass. I feel my cock stir inside of Mom's pussy. Lisa continues nibbling at my ass, pushing her tongue in my asshole. She's massaging my balls and tonguing my ass while I'm lying on top of Mom, my cock buried deep in her soggy pussy. I start moving my hips around, sliding my stiffening cock in and out a little bit.
"Already? My, you are something, Jack," Mom says, pushing her tongue between my lips and kissing me passionately. She flexes her pussy muscles, massaging my cock as it moves in and out a little farther.
"If you knew what your daughter was doing, you'd understand why I'm recovering already, Mom. She's tonguing my asshole and massaging my balls. I can't help but get hard again."
"My aren't you two the adventurous ones. I suppose you've been fucking each other for a while, haven't you?" Mom looks me in the eye as she asks this.
"Yes we have, Mom. It started off kind of innocent, but we really love each other, and once we started fucking, we couldn't stop." I'm pumping in and out of her a lot faster now and Lisa is still working her magic on my balls and my ass. She is alternating between tonguing my asshole and biting my ass cheeks, and it's driving me crazy.
"Lisa, your brother is doing just fine now. Come up here and let your mother suck your pussy while your brother fucks me. You have the sweetest pussy juice I have ever tasted."
"Tasted a lot of pussy, have you, Mom?" I ask, as Lisa moves toward the head of the bed to straddle Mom's face.
"That is none of your business, young man," Mom says with a smile, bouncing her hips off the bed to meet the thrusts of my cock. "Wait this isn't working. Stop a minute, Jack. Let me turn over." I pull out and move back, while Mom rolls over and gets up on all fours. I push my cock into her pussy from behind, as Lisa lies down under Mom's head, positioning her pussy under Mom's face. Mom buries her face in Lisa's pussy, while I pound her from behind, holding her hips with my hands.
"Oh mama! Yes! That feels so good!" Lisa moans. I slam harder into Mom's pussy, pushing her face against Lisa's snatch with every downward thrust of my cock. This is unfuckingbelievable! I'm fucking my mother from behind as she goes down on my twin sister. It doesn't get any better than this. At least that's what I think until Mom pulls her head up from Lisa's pussy and looks over her shoulder at me.
"Put it in my ass, Jack," she says, "I want you to fuck my ass." Oh my god! I pull my hard cock out of my mother's dripping, wet pussy and put the head against her tight round asshole.
"Just push it in, Jack. Push it slowly up my ass. I haven't been fucked in my ass in years, Jack. Just push my ass cheeks apart and take it slowly. I want it in there so bad." Mom lowers her head back into Lisa's pussy and I slide my well-lubricated cock up inside my mother's ass. I slip the head in and I feel her ass tighten around it. I keep pushing with short pumping motions until I've buried my entire cock inside my mother's ass. It is so tight I just hold it there for a minute.
"Fuck me, Jack. Fuck my ass. Your cock feels so good inside my ass. Fuck me in the ass, Jack!" I start pumping in and out of my mother's tight asshole, going faster and faster until I'm slamming into her.
"Ohhh yeah, Jack, slam your balls up against my pussy like that. That feels so fucking good!" Mom moans, continuing to eat Lisa's pussy.
"I can't believe you're fucking Mom in the ass while she's eating me, Jack! How does it feel?" Lisa is smiling at me, pinching and pulling her own nipples as Mom eats her out.
"It feels incredible. Her ass is tighter than your pussy, Sis, and I didn't think anything would be tighter than that!" I'm watching my sister squirm around, pulling hard on her nipples, as I hear Mom's tongue slurping up her pussy juices.
"Can we all come together, do you think? I only ask because I'm getting ready to shoot my load up Mom's ass." Mom is eating Lisa furiously, rubbing her thumb across Lisa's clit and rubbing her own clit with her other hand, while I slam my hard cock in and out of her ass.
"I'm cumming, Jack. Don't stop. I'm going to cum so hard!" Mom is rubbing her clit and slamming her ass back against my cock, while I'm hammering her as hard as I can.
"Me too, Mom! That's perfect. Just what you're doing there! Oh god, I'm cumming!" Lisa yells just as I shoot my second load of cum inside my mother, this one deep inside her ass. Lisa is holding Mom's face tightly against her pussy, while I'm jerking violently in her asshole. I feel Mom shudder then relax as her own orgasm rolls over her. We sort of fall in a heap on the bed, Mom's face in Lisa's crotch and my cock slipping from Mom's ass with a popping sound.
"Let's rest for a while," Mom says, panting, "then I want to watch you fuck your sister, Jack. We only have a month until your father gets home and I want to make the most of it."
We do make the most of the next month. We fuck, suck and daisy chain in every conceivable position. I fuck Mom or Lisa while they eat each other. One of them sucks me while I eat the other one. We all sleep in Mom's king-sized bed, with me usually sandwiched between their sexy naked bodies. Mom and Lisa both have voracious sexual appetites and I quite frequently wake up with one of them sucking my cock. I fuck Mom before she goes to work, then Lisa and I fuck all day and are waiting to ravage Mom's body when she gets home. Lisa introduces Mom to the harness, and Mom teaches us a few things, too. Mom says it's the best sex she's ever had and suddenly we aren't looking forward to dad getting home.
Mom makes Lisa and I promise not to mention any of this to dad or do anything to make him suspicious. We agree, but we are all pretty frustrated within a week after he gets home. In September, Lisa and I move up to Los Angeles to attend college. Mom convinces Dad that it's better for us to live in an apartment off campus than to be in the co-ed dorms. She rents us a two bedroom furnished apartment close to the campus. For appearance purposes, we maintain separate bedrooms but Lisa and I sleep together every night.
Mom visits every other weekend and we pick up right where we left off. Mom complains that we've ruined her for anything but three-way sex and she always has something new she wants to try. She says dad has always been a wham-bam thank-you man, who satisfies himself, then rolls over and goes to sleep. She confides that the vibrator isn't just for when he's at sea. She tells us her sexual appetite has been dormant for a long time, but now that we've awakened it, she has proven to be as adventurous a sexual experimenter as Lisa. Between the two of them we have experimented with everything from homemade porn videos to mild forms of bondage and even butt plugs. There is nothing they won't try, which is all right with me. I'm just living out my fantasies.
