Author's Note: Ever have a story that screamed away in your head until you got it out? Yeah, this was like that. This is longish, but reads quickly because it is dialogue heavy. I wanted to try one big story as opposed to the multi-chapter thing. For the squeamish - there's some, you know, moderate butt stuff in places here. Sue me.
~~~***~~~
Jessica paused in the dark only a few yards from the rear of her house and crouched by the base of a large pine tree. She'd heard giggling on her walk home from her friend's house. Sure enough, her brother, less than 20 feet away, was with his new, hot, but incredibly vapid girlfriend.
"So you want to see them?" she heard the curvy blonde tease. Jessica realized the question was largely rhetorical. She wondered if the blonde could spell 'rhetorical' or use it in a sentence.
"Yes, please." Well, at least her brother was polite.
"Okay." The blonde yanked her yellow tank top over her head. "Ta-da!" Her large D-cup breasts sprang free into the cool night air.
"Wow, they're amazing," his compliment sounded sincere.
"Now pull down your pants, I'll show you something amazing," giggled the bare-chested girl as she fell to her knees.
Jessica watched as her older brother was serviced behind their tool shed. It turned out that the kneeling girl's skills weren't linguistic - they were oral. She watched as the blonde's head bobbed expertly. Instead of running away or getting nauseous as one might have expected, Jess watched with keen interest. And her mental wheels began to turn.
~~~One Year Later ~~~
"Hiya Winnie. Hey, have you ever had a guy whose dick was so big that when he stuck it in you he didn't even need to move it and it already felt good?"
The casually delivered question nearly caused him to spew breakfast cereal all over the couch. It was wrong on three levels. First, "Winnie" was just an irritating nickname for Winston. (Winston's full name was Winston Churchill Kendall. Only a history professor and his avid anglophile wife would conceive of naming their 21st century American son after Britain's greatest statesman). The point is he was a guy. And no heterosexual man wants to hear a question like that. Ever. Second, this was not the kind of talk people had over breakfast. Third, it was his baby sister asking the question.
This was a little game Winston and his sister Jessica had started to play recently. Well, it was a game that Jessica played with him anyway. It involved her surprising him periodically with nasty thoughts like this that made her sound like a slut at the same time they accused him of being gay. But he wasn't gay. And, as far as he could tell, Jess was not a slut - although you wouldn't know it based on the things that popped into her head and then came flying out of her mouth.
Her odd behavior was not entirely out of character - Jessica had always been clever in a crazy sort of way. She liked to make things up. She was good at it. She had an amazing imagination. Lately she'd been using it towards nefarious ends. Torturing Winston like this was a prime example.
It hadn't always been like that. He thought back to the days of "stolen kisses." He missed that nicer game.
Little Jess was barely seven years old - he was eight - when she explained the rules for stolen kisses to him. She even summarized the history of the game as having been played on the palace grounds by the ten illegitimate children of King William IV. She'd said she read it in some notes their Dad left out for his research into 19th century British royalty.
According to Jess, the game's object was to sneak up on another contestant and surprise them with a quick kiss on the lips. If the frontrunner got three smooches ahead of their victim, they could demand a favor. Usually it meant doing one of their chores or loaning out a favorite toy for the day. Then the kiss count reset to "even" and the game began again.
Of course, she'd made the whole thing up.
They played the game for years until she'd turned twelve. Puberty made her tall, gangly, shy and awkward. She didn't want to kiss him anymore.
As for Jess's sick new I'm-a-slut/You're-gay game, well, he chalked it up to her being bitter about him leaving for college and sticking her all alone with their parents for the last year of her high school term. But in the past six months, her comments had been getting increasingly explicit. Stuff he'd never even considered. It was a little unsettling.
The present 18 year-old Jessica was a tall beauty. At 5'10" she was only four inches shorter than Winston. She was naturally athletic - the captain and best outside hitter of her high school volleyball team. She had filled out nicely since her awkward pre-teen days. Even Winston realized that his kid sister's long slender legs were dynamite in a skirt and she was the only girl he'd seen that actually made those strange women's volleyball bathing suit bottoms actually look good. In fact, male fan attendance at the girls' volleyball meets had increased dramatically when word got out about his hot little sis.
Overall, Jessica's dark hair, large green expressive eyes and general facial features made her look very much like a young Jennifer Connelly, circa Career Opportunities. The likeness was uncanny, with one particular difference - one that chafed her to no end - Jess had small boobs. If her bikini tops were any indication, Winston estimated them at an A-cup. They were cute, round, and perky. Still, she raged at their smallness.
Boobs aside, Jessica was literally a model, or had been. She had done a fair amount of print and TV clothing modeling in her early teens. For awhile there, she was a go-to model for department store advertisements for jeans and skirts. Her perfect little heart-shaped ass could make just about any clothing look good.
Her parents had put a stop to the modeling when Jess's high school grades had slipped though. It took up so much time that she didn't even put up much of a fight - a blessing. Jess's particular blend of smart, pretty, and bold meant she usually got her way with their parents. She also wasn't above a little dirty pool when it suited her either. For these qualities, their dad called her "the irresistible force."
Winston was her flipside - stable, cautious, rock solid and honest. Winston was, and always had been dependable. When he put his mind to it, he could even manage to keep his sister in check. Their sometimes comedic battles growing up inevitably led to him being dubbed "the immovable object."
During what would have otherwise been a quiet family dinner the night before Winston went back to school after his spring break, Jess dropped her sizeable bomb.
"I'm having breast augmentation surgery in three months. Right after I graduate. I want it over with before I start college in the fall." She said it casually like she was commenting on the weather and she did it just as Winston had stuck a forkful of cake into his mouth. She seemed to enjoy doing this sort of thing while he was trying to eat.
"What?!" cried everyone at the table.
"Out of the question," their father objected.
"I wasn't asking permission, Dad. I was letting you know."
"We are not financing this," he replied calmly.
"No prob. I'm paying for it." And there was the trump card his sister had never played. Jess's modeling stint had brought in some pretty good money for a little over three years. Their parents put three quarters of it towards her college. The last quarter they'd given her and she'd stuck it into a savings account. She'd never touched it. Not even a penny. She drove their mom's old car and waited tables on the weekends with her friends for spending cash. It was almost like she'd forgotten about the money.
In the middle of what should have been a titanic blowup, their mom kept quiet. It was partly out of her habit of deferring to her husband, but mostly because she didn't have much of a leg to stand on. She'd had the same surgery ten years earlier. Small boobs, and a desire to remedy that perceived flaw, ran in the family.
"Who's doing it?" her mother asked instead.
"Dr. Nelson." Jess delivered the reply smoothly like she'd been expecting the question. She had expected it and she'd sought out the same surgeon who'd operated on her mother. Even Winston had to admit that was pretty slick.
"Nobody will be around to help you with post-op care. You're mother and I are going to be away for the whole summer," their Dad reasoned. He was taking a sabbatical from the university and they were both headed to Africa on a series of safaris and archaeological tours. It was a legitimate point but it was also a sign that Jessica was winning the argument. The dispute had shifted towards a challenge to her timing.
Jessica smirked, there was a clearly an answer in waiting for this too. "Winston will take care of me." She turned to smile at her brother sweetly. "Won't you, bro?"
"Huh?" was all Winston could get out.
His mother did a better job of articulating the awkwardness of the situation. "He's your brother, he shouldn't be..."
Jess cut her off. "Pfffh, he's gay. I'd be more worried if I was his brother and getting a penile implant. Plus, he's at least partially qualified - he IS studying to be a nurse."
"For the hundredth time, I am NOT gay," Winston seethed.
Jess brushed off his frustration. "Whatever. Are you going to make sure I don't die or end up permanently disfigured or not?
Winston briefly considered suggesting that their Aunt Barb could come and look after Jessica but the irony was she actually was gay. And frankly, she was a bit of a wackadoo. She talked about alien abduction. A lot. Nobody rushed to sit next to her at holiday dinners.
Winston weighed the available choices. He knew his sister well enough to understand that changing her mind was not an option. His parents couldn't back out of their trip - a small fortune was tied up in their summer-long plans. His sister's friends were sweet but, frankly, none of them were terribly bright - they were a collection of cute jockettes. They'd be no help either.
After circling the predicament, Winston finally let his own self interest tip his decision - he had been looking forward to the approaching summer completely unsupervised. He knew his sister was too. If he agreed, there'd be nobody around to spoil it.
"Fine," he sighed, "I'll do it."
"Thanks, Tunny," his sister said softly.
Winston looked up immediately for two reasons.
First, the genuine appreciation in Jessica's voice was nearly unrecognizable. He realized it was a sad commentary on their relationship that jeers and sarcasm were the norm and kindness felt out of place. But right now Jessica's gratitude was real. No sarcastic remark followed. She didn't roll her eyes either.
Second, and more importantly, "Tunny" was a nickname that Jess hadn't used for him in years. When she was little, Jessica couldn't pronounce "Winston" so she'd latched onto its last syllable "ton" and that eventually became "Tunny." He watched her nod then exhale slowly. Her shoulders relaxed too. He felt her smooth leg brush up against his under the dinner table. When their eyes met again, she mouthed the words "thank you" at him silently.
He only then understood that this had been the last potential weakness in her plan. If he'd balked she might have been screwed. She had been depending on him to come through for her. This was an interesting turn of events.
They cleaned up after dinner and everyone went their separate ways that night.
The next morning, Winston was heading back to college. Jessica helped him load his things into his car. As they were trading goodbyes, Winston said his peace.
"Jess, about your surgery…"
She smirked. "What about it? My mind's made up, Tunny. No changing it. I've been thinking about this for awhile."
"I know better than to try to change your mind, my little pigheaded sibling. It's just... if you're doing this has anything to do with the teasing I used to give you."
"You mean how you called me 'LT' - 'Little Tits' that one summer? The whole summer?!"
"Yeah, I'm really sorry about that now."
"Thanks, Tunny. That means a lot. But no, I'm doing this for me. I want a nice big set of boobies," she made a funny face as she held her hands out in front of her slender chest.
"Fine, just don't go freakishly big, okay? You're pretty already, sis. Go too big and people will only be looking at your chest. They'll miss out on the rest of you."
Jess's hazel eyes went large and soft at the unexpected compliment. "That was one of the sweetest things you've ever said to me. I'll think about it. No promises. If it makes you feel better, it might help if you call me 'BT' for a little awhile after it's done. It might soothe my pride."
"That has got to be one of the weirdest requests you've ever made."
"Meh, it's a girl thing. How would you know, what with being gay and all," she needled him.
"That's it, I'm leaving before we get into a fight."
"Suit yourself. Be good at school OK? Don't suck too much dick."
"Yeah, Yeah. I love you too." And off Winston drove to school.
~~~***~~~
Almost three months and a decent round of finals later, Winston came home. His parents had hopped their flight to South Africa two days before to join their first safari of the summer. He called his sister from the car on the way home to let her know he was coming.
She bounded out the side door to greet him as he pulled in the drive. Winston's eyes tracked up her incredible long, tapered alabaster legs sheathed in a small pair of khaki shorts. Her tiny blue tank top showed a bit of her smooth flat belly. Her long dark hair was damp and gathered in a loose ponytail that swung wildly as she dashed across the driveway to crash into him as he got out of his car. She hugged him fiercely.
In the crush of her embrace, he felt the full length of her tight, athletic body. His sister was a firm in all the right places. He also smelled her rosemary-mint shampoo. She guarded that shampoo jealously. He flashed back to her shrieking at him a few years ago when he'd used some out of curiosity. She'd smelled it on him immediately and flipped out. Smell sometimes triggered odd memories for Winston.
"Err... happy to see me then?" he said, a little confused. What had come over her?
"Very happy! This is day number one of the best summer ever," she said into his chest.
She was in good spirits. He credited it to their parents' absence and the fact that her boob surgery was only two days away.
She helped him carry his stuff inside and even up to his room.
"You unpack. I need to shoot mom and dad a quick e-mail. I promised I'd tell them when you got here."
"Okay," Winston watched his sister leave, still wondering at her improved behavior.
Over the next half hour, he unpacked his things and shoved the assorted duffel bags into the closet. He was sitting at his desk stuffing books onto the bookcase above it when his sister gently knocked on his doorframe. Her eyes kept darting down to her feet shyly. Her cheeks were a little flushed.
"Tunny, I kind of have a favor to ask. This is going to sound weird but Doctor Nelson wanted me, well, you to do something before my surgery."
"Yeah?" Winston had resumed stuffing books away.
"You... ah hah ha... you need to look at my boobs," Jess stifled a nervous giggle.
"Huh?" his head whipped back to her. She had his undivided attention now.
"So you have a reference point," she winced. "So if something looks funny later you'll be able to tell."
"Seriously?"
"Hey, what do I know, I didn't argue with the guy. He's the surgeon," she shrugged.
"I, ah, okay," Winston wrapped his head around what was going to happen. "So... when do you..."
Jess didn't answer. She just took two steps forward and her hands drifted to the bottom hem of her little tank top. She looked up from the floor finally and her eyes locked on his. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth and gnawed at it gently.
"What? Now?" Winston asked.
His sister nodded. She started pulling her shirt up, exposing more of her smooth flat belly. She paused, and through the shirt she pleaded with Winston, "First, promise no laughing or teasing okay?"
"Promise," Winston replied fidgeting in his chair. His sister was beautiful and like any normal heterosexual male who laid eyes on her he'd wondered what she looked like naked. Now, with very little warning he was going to find out.
She resumed pulling her shirt off. Winston held his breath. Jessica's round pert little breasts popped into view. They were the definition of perky. Their skin was a smooth unblemished ivory like the rest of her. Her light pink nipples were perfectly centered on each breast. His mouth fell open. Lord, his sister truly was hot as hell. He used the moment it took for her to get the shirt over her head to compose his face.
"Soooo... these are my boobs," she said sheepishly, nodding her head. Her lips were pressed together in a line.
"Yep... those are my sister's boobs," he chuckled, "Sorry, I was laughing at what you said, not at your body. You're a good looking woman, sis."
"Thanks. There's more though. The doctor says you have to touch 'em beforehand too so if you need to pulpitate me..."
"Palpate," Winston corrected automatically.
"Yeah, that's it, palpate me after the surgery you'll be able to tell if something's weird."
"So, you want me to feel you up too?" he smiled, trying to make light of the situation. Humor had always been his defense mechanism for awkward situations. Hers too.
"Doctor's orders." She shrugged as she stepped forward until she was barely a foot away from Winston. Seated, he was eye level with her chest. "Try not to enjoy yourself too much. If you switch sides, you'll piss off your boyfriend." She smirked.
Winston's hands, thankfully perpetually warm, rose until he began to gently touch his sister's left breast with the first two fingers of each hand as he had been taught. Her breasts were warm and soft but firm. If his hands shook a little, his sister didn't notice or pretended not to. She looked at the bookcase behind him as he worked, feeling first one breast then switching to the other one.
Reluctantly, he let his hands fall away. "All right. I now know what your boobs feel like."
Jess looked down to meet his eyes again and smiled. "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Hey," she reached over him to his bookcase. The sudden forward movement brushed her right breast against Winston's forehead. Winston stiffened in various places in response. "Ooops, sorry. I was reaching for this." She held his little digital camera. "Does this thing still work?"
"Yeah."
"Here, take a few 'before' pictures of me? So I can remember what I looked like before my new superboobs." She handed him the camera and stepped back.
Winston knitted his eyebrows together.
"Go on. You can e-mail them to me."
He snapped a front picture of her. She turned to each side. He took more pictures. She got a bit silly and started posing, making funny faces, pushing her boobs up between her arms, then cupping them in her hands. Two dozen pictures later, she thanked him, picked her shirt off the floor and left.
Winston was left sitting in his room. Less than an hour from getting home, he'd seen his sister topless, felt her boobs, and now had pictures of her to boot. What was it his sister had said - "this is day number one of the best summer ever"?
Day number two would top it. He didn't even have to wait all that long.
It was late the next morning, nearly noon, and Winston was finally fighting off the vestiges of his hangover from drinking while reuniting with his high school buddies the night before. Jessica knocked on his closed door then opened it a crack to peek inside.
"Can I come in?" She entered before he had a chance to answer. The hangover together with what his sister was wearing slowed his response. She was wrapped in a bath towel. The fluffy white terry cloth covered her tall slender body from just above her breasts to just a couple of inches below her crotch. Her wet hair, now black, was swept to the side to rest on one perfect, porcelain shoulder. A picture of her like this in a catalog would sell a lot of towels.
"Sure come on in, talk quietly though?" he whispered, "Headache. Bad headache."
She grinned. "Too much fun last night?"
He nodded slowly, squinting his eyes.
"I have another favor to ask. In your weakened condition maybe it's not a good idea," she said cryptically. She turned to leave.
"What is it?" he asked before she got to the door.
"It's pretty crazy."
"Crazier than yesterday?"
"Yeah. Okay, try not to freak out, but I could really use your unbiased opinion on something."
"Sure."
"I need you look at my... stuff."
He raised an eyebrow.
"My hoo-hoo," she resorted to the word they'd used as kids.
"Why on earth..." He sat up in his bed and the blanket fell away. He was bare-chested. He noted that his sister's eyes darted down over his well-defined stomach and chest.
"Doctor Nelson offered to do any plastic surgery I want on my... stuff... when he does my breasts tomorrow."
"Wow, sis this is... this is..."
"Come on, you're the only one I can ask!"
"Why do you want to know what I think about that?"
"You want the list of reasons? Okay, first, you'll be honest 'cause you're not trying to get in my pants. Second, you've probably seen more of these than I have so you can make a decent comparison. Third, and don't get a big head about this, but you're kind of in my target demographic - you know, 'cute college boy.' Fourth, and most importantly, you can keep a secret."
"That was a lot of reasons."
"I like to think I'm a reasonable girl," she smirked, twirling a bit of her damp dark hair in one finger.
"Ha ha. All right, I guess if this what it takes to keep you from having your privates hacked to bits, I'll have a look."
"Really?"
"I've already seen quite a few..." he paused, "...hoo-hoos." He suppressed a grin at the silliness of her word choice. "And as a nurse I guess I'm destined to see hundreds more. I'll just add this to the list."
"Thanks bro." She took as step back and leaned back against his desk, her hands sliding to the bottom of her towel. "Ready?"
Winston sighed and rubbed his eyes with his palms. "As ready as I can get."
Jess started giggling.
"OK, why are you laughing?" he asked.
"Sorry, I think I'm just a little nervous. Plus you should see your face. You're about to see your sister's cooter and you have this incredibly serious expression on."
"I'm trying not to think about it that way. I'm trying to be clinical. This is my clinical face."
"Oh, gotcha. Well, here goes." Jessica slowly lifted the towel until her small, barely-furred sex came into view. She had shaved most of her pubic triangle. The little bit of hair that was left was close trimmed short. Her labia were tiny and the same delicate pink color as her nipples. Like the rest of her, Jess's adorable little pussy was essentially perfect. Winston stared in admiration, the image burning into his brain.
He was quiet too long. Jessica fidgeted. "Well?" she asked, looking down at herself.
"Don't change a thing," he whispered.
"You sure?" she leaned back further against his desk and hunched herself forward. Her entire sex was visible now. Incredibly, she reached a hand down and spread her labia open for him to see. The bared pink flesh inside was smooth and delicate and deeper pink.
Winston's heart skipped a beat and his mouth went dry. "Positive."
She looked up from her crotch to her brother. "You can't see from all the way over there. Come closer, I don't have any cooties."
Winston, hypnotized by his sister's display, pushed forward to the end of his bed where he laid down on his stomach and propped his head with his hands. He was about three feet from his sister's bare sex.
"So, nothing needs fixing?" she asked. "They can, you know, shrink lips and stuff. Do I need it?"
"Not in my opinion."
"What about that freckle?" she pointed to a small dark circle in the delicate curve where her thigh met her groin.
"You've always had that freckle."
"You remember my freckle?"
"Sure, when you were like four years old, you went through a phase when you liked to run around naked in the backyard. Mom and Dad kept checking you for ticks and commenting on your freckle. I don't know, it stuck in my head."
"I was thinking about letting them remove it with a laser."
"Keep it. It's cute."
"Aw, that's sweet. So nothing needs to change at all?"
"Nope."
"Promise?"
"Yeah."
"Hold on," she turned around quickly to bend at the waist, placing one hand on his desk. She thrust her bare ass at him, closing the distance between them to barely two feet. She looked at him over her shoulder. "How about from this angle?"
It was a more wanton pose than Winston was prepared for. Her ass was mostly obscured by the towel she still wore, but he could see the unbroken vertical line of her pussy lips disappear beneath its cloth. If anything, the partial coverage made this perspective more provocative. "Still good," he choked out.
"Wait a second, lemme get this out of the way." She abruptly stood and pulled the towel off, dropping it to the floor. She was now entirely nude. She bent over again, this time well beyond perpendicular until her shoulder touched his desk. She was looking back at him through the space between her long lean ivory thighs. She slid her feet outwards until they were more than shoulder width apart. She went up on tiptoe and the sleek muscles of her hamstrings and her little heart-shaped buttocks played beneath her flawless, pale skin.
Her, well, her everything was on complete display. Absurdly, she was still all business. "Okay, you said 'good.' Now, is that 'good' as in 'OK' or 'good' as in a guy will get crazy hot when he sees me like this?"
It was impossible to be clinical about this. Winston masturbated to images less graphic than what she was showing him now. He was getting lightheaded. "Ummm... the second one. Crazy hot." He felt heat rising to his cheeks.
"You're sure? 'Cause, I want to be a hottie."
"You're already there, sis."
"Awww, that was sweet too," she beamed, "Now, how about just above my girlie goods?"
"Huh?"
"You know, my bumhole."
His eyes darted up to the tiny pale star nestled in her asscrack before he could stop himself. "What about it?"
"Does it look good too?"
"It looks like what it should look like."
"Don't get difficult on me now. You've been really helpful so far. Does it look sexy? I mean, if you weren't my brother, would you want to lick it?"
"How could you possible expect me to respond to that question?"
"Just be honest. What do you have to be embarrassed about? I'm the one standing here naked. Girls can get their buttcracks laser-bleached. Should I do it? I mean, would you lick it?"
He was giddy with irrational lust and still reeling from the hangover. "Probably... if I wasn't your brother."
"Eh, what do you know, you're practically gay," she grinned, still looking at him through the triangular space between her thighs.
"That was a cheap shot." He grimaced.
"Sorry, you're right. That was below the belt. If you want, I'll let you take a picture of me like this too."
"Jess!"
"Okay, just kidding," she stood up and bounced happily over to him. "Here, hugs to make up." She stooped to hug him awkwardly because he was still lying down.
"Umm, sis?"
"Hmmm?"
"You're naked."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." She picked up her towel and darted out his bedroom door.
She was barely out of view before she doubled back and rushed to him as he rolled onto his side and he tried to gather his wits after what had just happened. His wit-gathering failed because she knelt and kissed him. It was the same quick, soft peck on the lips she used to give him years ago as children.
"One up," she whispered. And the years melted away for a moment because that was how they scored their games of stolen kisses.
He was speechless, gaping at his nude kid sister.
"What, you don't remember our game?" she pouted, standing up.
"Of course I do, it's just..."
"Hmmm?"
"Jess, honey, you're still naked." Her crotch was at his eye level and he nodded his head towards it while trying not to look.
"Ahh! Right! Sorry!"
She darted back out of his bedroom, leaving Winston so dazed and confused that his hangover was forgotten.
Thankfully, the rest of the day was relatively normal. Although he caught his sister looking at him now and again and smirking to herself.
The next morning, he drove her to the hospital for her surgery. He dropped her off at its entrance. "Sure you don't want me to come in and wait with you?"
"Nah, I'll be fine. This will probably take all day. If you want, you can stop in to visit tonight. If not, I'll call you to come pick me up tomorrow when I'm discharged."
That night, Winston did visit his sister although she was completely out of it from the general anesthetic and pain killers. He talked to the nurses and they told him everything went well. He parked himself in the chair next to her bed and watched the TV in her room for a couple of hours. His sister's only recognition that he was there was to reach over to take his hand when he rested his arm on the bed. They held hands while he watched TV in silence. He left when the nurses kicked him out because visitor's hours were over.
The next day, he collected his sister when she called. He wheeled her to his truck and together they slowly and carefully transferred her to the passenger seat. At home they put her to bed. It was piled high with pillows so she could sit mostly upright.
He stopped in on her throughout the day, making sure she was getting enough fluids and giving her the prescribed antibiotics and pain relievers.
By that night, she was already looking fairly normal.
He made her a corned beef sandwich, her favorite, for dinner. When he rested the plate on her lap, he paused to sniff at his sister. "Jess, there's no way to put this delicately. You stink."
She grinned weakly. "I'm not an expert but I think your bedside manner might need work. You're right though, I do stink. My last shower was two days ago."
"Want to try a sponge bath?"
"Really? No fooling?" She looked like a starving person being offered food.
"Sure, I could use the practice."
"Oh, that would be awesome! I feel all grimy and gross."
While she ate her sandwich, he gathered a large bowl of cool water, a bar of mild soap, a few washcloths, and a couple of huge towels. Together, they managed to get one of the towels beneath her to keep the bed from getting soaked.
He gently washed her hands and arms. At his urging, she crunched forward a little and he managed to carefully slip her oversized t-shirt off one arm at a time. Beneath it, her chest was wrapped snugly in a tensor bandage.
"Want me to wash your face or would you rather do it yourself?"
"Do you mind doing it? I've actually been enjoying this. I bet your sponge baths will be popular someday." She closed her eyes and he gently cleaned her face.
She couldn't see him with her eyes shut so he took the opportunity to really look at his sister. Her long dark lashes were pretty. She had great lips too. Even her earlobes were cute. Whether he meant to or not, Winston invariably compared prospective girlfriends to his sister and they always came up wanting.
He patted her face dry and took a small tube of moisturizer from off her nightstand then quickly smoothed some on his sister's lips. Its sickly sweet coconut smell made him hungry. "We can't have your smoocher getting chapped. You'll have a lot of boys waiting to pucker up when you get through this." He was laying the compliments on a bit thick. Besides, his sister already had her pick of her classmates.
She opened her eyes and looked at him meaningfully. "But I don't want a lot of boys. I just want one good one. And trust me..." she let that pause go for a couple of heartbeats, "they're really hard to find."
The genuiness of her comment hung in the air. It made Winston uncomfortable. He changed the subject. "All righty, it's time to wash 'The Girls.' Think I'll need a bigger washcloth?" He tried to brighten the mood; humor still his best shield. "Let me know as soon as anything hurts okay?"
Jess nodded as he carefully unwrapped the tensor bandage. "Tunny, this may sound kinda weird, but I'm glad you're going to be the first boy to see them."
"I'm not a boy right now, I'm a nurse."
"You're always a boy to me." She smiled weakly. "And always my big brother."
He didn't reply. Instead he finished unwrapping her chest. It took every millimeter of self-control he could muster to keep a poker face. Sure, there was a lot of healing to do, but he could already tell his sister's new boobs were fantastic. Great, add this to her beautiful face, impossibly long legs and glorious tush. Jess had just piled on one more ridiculously hot thing about her for him to try not to think about. Her new breasts were large, gravity-defying teardrops. They sat a little high right now, but when they settled in she would be ready for a centerfold.
"Well?" she finally asked because her brother was so quiet.
"Hmmm..." he tried to look thoughtful, "Well, should the right one be green on the bottom?"
"What?!"
"Just kidding. Everything looks fine. Looks like you at least kept the size down to something realistic looking."
Jessica bit her lip. "Dr. Nelson called them 'a very generous C.' He wouldn't go any bigger."
"Well, I think you're still definitely eligible for that 'BT' nickname you asked me for this spring. Want me to get you a mirror so you can look?"
"No. Yes. Maybe. Ack, I don't know."
"If you're willing to take my word that everything is okay, I suggest you hold off another day or two until you've healed a bit more. You might freak out a little right now, there's some mild bruising."
"Okay."
"Time for more washing. Ready, Stinky?"
"Hey, I liked 'BT' better," she groused.
"No telling which nickname will stick," he sassed. Their banter helped distract Winston as he began washing his sister's shoulders. When she cooed happily, he let it became more of a massage, stroking her muscles awhile. He washed under her arms as well.
"Lean forward a little. I can get part of your back at least." She struggled a bit, her stomach and chest were sore. He continued with the soapy massage then rinsed her with the unsoaped wet cloth. She leaned back onto the bed with a sigh.
He paused with the washcloth. Okay, it was time for the boobs. He wasn't ready. Would he ever be? He composed himself and ever so gently washed his sister's chest. She winced a few times when he carefully dabbed at her sutures but she didn't say anything. He re-bandaged her and helped her pull on a fresh t-shirt.
"Okay, onto the bottom half." He draped the other large towel over top of her from the waist down for a measure of modesty. She managed to get her sweatpants and underwear started down off her waist before it got too uncomfortable for her to bend forward.
"Help?" she winced. "It hurts to reach."
Winston had to de-pants his sister. A blend of thrill and horror ran through him. He quelled it and reached under the towel for the waistband to her pants at her hip and slid them downward a bit from the side. It was awkward. When they were close to her knees, without thinking, he reached into the middle of the sweatpants to grab them by the crotch. His hand hit the warm center of her panties and he stiffened slightly in surprise. They were soaked. Not sweaty soaked because they were wet only at the crotch. They were horny girl soaked.
No mistaking it, his sister was aroused by his attentions. "It's the painkillers," he told himself. "She's half delirious."
Winston pulled her sweatpants out from under the towel and purposely threw them into the wash basket way on the other side of her room. If he was right, they'd reek of her arousal and he did not need that sensory input right now. He was having a hard enough time dealing with seeing and touching his sister.
He forced these thoughts from his head and focused on washing his little sister's cute feet. "How's that? Too rough? Too soft?"
"Oh just right, it feels amazing. I might take a long time to recover. You may have to do this for months."
"Nice try. You'll be up and around in a couple of days."
He worked his way up her slender ankles and her sleek, toned calves, then her knees. He rolled her covering towel up as he went. He did a pretty good job staying detached again until he got above her knees and started in on her slender, toned thighs. They were silky smooth, flawless and muscular. It was impossible not to have sexual thoughts looking at them and feeling them.
"God, when did my sister get hot thighs?" he wondered to himself.
He must have moved his lips because Jess asked "What was that?"
"Sorry, I guess I was trying to figure out when you went and got all pretty on me."
It was an unguarded comment that made him cringe as soon as it tumbled from of his lips.
There was a pause as the compliment registered with Jessica, and she smiled sweetly. "Thanks brother dear. I do hope you aren't going to say that to all your patients. You might be up on harassment charges," she teased.
At the same time though, she met his eyes and spread her legs a bit. It was a silent invitation for him to continue washing up her thighs.
To be sure, Winston wanted to hear her permission, so he asked. "You fine with me washing your naughty bits?"
"You sound like Mom," Jess grinned. It was true. His occasional resort to a British euphemism was an affectation he'd picked up from their anglophile mother. He didn't even realize it sometimes.
But Jess hadn't answered his question. He smiled and waited patiently until Jess's porcelain cheeks flushed pink and she nodded slightly. "Please? It might kill me to reach down like that."
"No prob," he shrugged, switching smoothly back to American slang. But, dammit, there was a 'prob.' He was about to touch his sister's pussy. It had been virtually impossible to get over seeing it a few days ago. Now he had to touch it? He tried to think about something else.
Jess misinterpreted his hesitation. She looked hurt and embarrassed as she began to slide her legs closed. "If you don't want..."
"No, I want," he reached forward to stop her knees from closing. "Wait, that didn't sound right. I mean, I'm fine with..."
"I know what you meant bro," she smirked. "And thanks. Really. I don't think many guys would be excited at the prospect of washing their sister's goods."
Ah, but that was exactly his problem. He wasn't many guys and he was very excited at the prospect of washing his sister's goods. He just wished he wasn't.
He rolled her covering towel up a bit more and reached beneath it with his washcloth-covered hand, intending to start at her vulva, get a little lather in her pubic hair and gently work downwards to her 'goods' proper. His plan went awry when his washcloth slicked against perfectly smooth skin.
The surprise had shown on his face before he realized it.
Jess giggled. "I wondered how you would react. I got waxed down there the afternoon before the surgery silly."
"Why?" he blurted out.
"Why do you think? 'Cause it's summer and that means bikini season. Plus, all the hot studs that are going to do me will complain about getting hairs in their teeth if I don't. Don't your boyfriends make you shave your goodies?"
For once, Winston was so grateful for a round of I'm-a-slut-and-you're-gay that he did something completely different. He actually played along. In his best lisp he responded, "Sweetie, they are so grateful to get a piece of my grade 'A' cock that they're happy to deal with a few hairs." It distracted him well enough that he could quickly soap her crotch.
Jess grinned. "Really?!"
"No! I'm not gay!" He said, exasperated. He came back to her with a second towel to rinse her, both of them aided by the distraction of their banter.
"Pfffft, I meant about the grade 'A' part."
"How should I know? I don't have a lot of comparative data."
"Show me and I'll tell you."
"What?"
"Come on, you saw my stuff! Hell, you're rubbing it right now."
He was. And now he became all too aware of it. He finished and withdrew his hand from beneath the towel before responding. "Look, you got naked so I could help you decide whether or not to get more surgery. Of course I looked at your bits! I'm not having anything done to my junk. No reason for me to drop trousers on you sis." In his nervousness he was ping-ponging transatlantically for his euphemisms.
"Well, it would make me feel less weird about being naked in front of you for all this. We'd be Steven evens."
The last two words of her retort tugged at his heartstrings by making him think of when they were kids again. It was another Jessica-ism. Like her inability to pronounce 'Winston' or 'spaghetti' (she nearly hit high school before she stopped saying "puh-sketty"), Jess had mixed up a few common phrases like "even Stevens" when she was little. She'd twisted it into "Steven evens."
"No deal chickie."
"You suck," Jessica whined.
Winston grinned. "I told you, I'm not gay."
His sister giggled despite herself. "I meant generally."
"I know what you meant." In the pause, he stooped to kiss her on the cheek. "I'm going to go downstairs and grab a bite to eat. You need anything?"
"No, I'm OK. Hand me that black bag before you go though? I've got my iPod and stuff to read in there. I'm all TV'ed out today."
Winston left with the bowl and washcloths. He took the stairs down two at a time. His head felt clearer the further he got from Jessica. His heart and his cock were begging him to go back though. He could handle the second traitorous body part easily enough. When he got to the kitchen he unrolled two paper towels, undid his pants, and masturbated into them. The towels. Not his pants. It took about 5 seconds for him to finish. Now, that just left his heart. No fix for that.
He reheated some leftovers and watched a baseball game. It ran into extra innings and he fell asleep on the couch before it was over.
He woke up in the middle of the night and went upstairs to check on his sister before going to bed. Not wanting to disturb her, he didn't turn on the light on his way in. He damn near fell on his ass when he stepped barefooted onto a small, hard cylinder on her wood floor. He found the offending object and picked it up to look at it against the small amount of light coming in through her bedroom window. He jerked it back down when he realized what it was.
Holy crap, it was a vibrator. His sister's vibrator. Now what?
Winston did two things next that he instantly knew that he would deny to his last breath. He'd lie to the Pope if he had to.
First, he lifted that vibrator to his nose and sniffed it.
Second, he licked it. Sweet. Tart. Tangy. Just a tiny hint of musk. It tasted like sheer heaven.
What would happen if the most fantastic smelling, the most fantastic tasting, pussy you ever came into contact with was your sister's? Your little sister's? (Nah, don't incriminate yourself. Let's stick to Winston's case). Winston's cock hit 110% on the stiff-o-meter.
His sister masturbated with a vibrator.
Yep, his sister masturbated with a vibrator.
He had to think it twice for the idea to penetrate fully.
He looked around. On the floor next to her bed was the black bag he'd handed her before leaving to go downstairs. She must have knocked it off the bed in her sleep. It was bad luck that her sex toy was the one thing to fall out into the open. Out of curiosity, he twisted it at the base to turn it on. It didn't. It was either broken or... he snickered to himself... she'd run down the batteries. He tucked it back into the black bag and slipped out of her room.
Here's what Winston missed because he was nightblind when he entered her room and so thrown off by his discovery: Jessica was awake for his brief visit. Unlike her brother, her eyes were quite adjusted to the dark. She saw what he did with her vibrator and barely managed not to gasp as she watched. She'd already been having trouble falling asleep. Her brother's sponge bath had left her in sweet agony. Out of frustration, she'd tried to masturbate with the vibrator but her stomach and back were too sore to do it comfortably. Yet more frustration. She'd thrown her toy to the floor to break it and for him to see. What she saw her brother do only made it harder for her to sleep.
The next morning when Winston checked on his sister he found her already awake but looking tired. "Want another washing today, BT?"
Jessica smiled. "Don't get me wrong, the sponge bath was fun, but I'd kill for a shower."
"No showers until tomorrow."
"How about a real bath then?" she pouted.
"A bath is possible if we're extra careful to keep your sutures above the water. I'll go fill it up."
"Fill mom and dad's tub? I want the big tub. And bubble bath."
"Sorry, can't have bubbles."
"Ugh, how about that milk bath stuff of Mom's then?"
He thought about it. "Don't see why not."
He went into the master bath and started running hot water into the tub. He doused it liberally with lavender milk bath. When it was full, he helped his sister out of bed and they slowly walked together into their parents' bathroom.
He'd seen her naked but still looked away as his sister disrobed carefully. His effort to give her privacy was wasted when she cried a quick "Help!"
She was having trouble leaning over in order to step up over the side and into the tub. He lent her one hand and steadied her shoulder with the other from behind. He got a long look at her perfectly heart-shaped ass as she stepped in with one leg.
"See anything you like?" Jess said wryly. He looked up. She was grinning at him in the large mirror on the opposite wall over the bathroom's double sink.
He stammered that he was watching her get in the tub, not ogling her butt.
"It's okay Tunny, it's actually kind of a compliment. Guess my booty is so sweet that even my big brother can't help checking it out."
"Yeah, and umm... I'm gay."
"That's right, you're gay," she gave him a funny, challenging look.
Together they gingerly eased Jessica into the tub. When she tried to lean back, they hit their next problem. Their parents' extra long tub was too long for her to reach the other side with her feet and stay upright. Jessica nearly slipped too far into the water.
She winced at her brother. "Now what? Sitting upright like this really hurts. I need to lean back."
"Gimme a sec, I'm thinking. We need something big you can lean back against."
"You're big..."
"Yeah, but I can't reach across the tub."
"Tunny, are you being dense on purpose? I meant you could get in the tub with me and I could lean on you."
"Oh, uh well…" he said uncertainly.
"Come on, it'll be like when we were kids and Dad threw us in the tub together."
He hesitated. "Jess, I'm not sure I can..."
"Jesus Christ, get in this fucking tub, Tunny! My stomach and chest are killing me!" Jessica wailed, her body twitching at the effort to staying upright.
Winston stripped down to his boxers and hopped into the tub behind his sister. He swung a leg over the other side of her and settled down, then pulled her back to lean against him.
Jessica exhaled slowly as the bruised muscles in her torso relaxed. "I'm really sorry I yelled," she said quietly after a couple of minutes.
"Heh, that was a pretty good one. I haven't heard you scream like that in years," he replied gently. He briefly recalled the tantrums she used to throw.
She settled herself into him until her upper back was pressed against his chest. Her head lolled at his shoulder. She sighed happily as she rested the side of her face onto his chest.
His sister's dark hair brushed his cheek, tickling Winston's beard stubble. Her bare chest was well above the water and just beneath him, he was looking down her shoulder. Jessica's new breasts were large and firm and perfect. There was no fighting his body's natural reaction under these circumstances so he didn't. His erection struggled to grow to its full eight inch length, pushing its way up his sister's lower back. She shifted slightly to let it finish hardening then leaned back against him to trap it between their bodies again.
"Well, it feels grade 'A' anyway," she whispered.
"You're not helping, Jess."
"Sorry, thought you'd like to know though."
"Thanks sis."
"Turn off the lights, Tunny? I'd like to soak in the dark for awhile. That all right with you?"
"Sure." He flipped the light switch next to him and the bathroom went pitch black. With any luck, the situation would be easier if didn't have to look at his absurdly hot sister.
Winston was wrong.
He couldn't see her breasts anymore, but things got worse because… well, what happens when you can't see? Yep, his other senses sharpened. He smelled her more intensely now. Her hair was musky - they'd have to wash it soon - but it was a good musk. A young woman's musk. He heard her every breath too. Even her breathing was cute - innocent belly breathing through her nose and mouth. He felt her every twitch. He felt his own heartbeat too. This was not relaxing.
Perhaps having the same problem, or sensing his, Jessica started humming softly. He focused on the sound to drown out the other sensations. It took him a minute to recognize the tune. It was the lullaby that their Mom sang to them when they were little. Even that was English. No "rock a bye baby" for the Kendall kids. No sir-ee. That would be too damn normal.
"Do you realize what you're humming?" Winston asked his sister.
"Mom's lullaby right?"
"Do you know the words?"
"Mmmm... no I don't remember."
"It's called 'Lavender's Blue.' " He cleared his throat and sang the first verse, the only one he could recall:
Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green,
When I am king, dilly, dilly, you shall be queen.
Who told you so, dilly, dilly, who told you so?
'Twas my own heart, dilly, dilly, that told me so.

Jessica chuckled. "You remember the weirdest things. The freckle next to my cooter. Now Mom's lyrics."
"Yeah, I guess it popped in my head because we're sitting in this lavender bath stuff." Another memory prompted by a scent.
"Funny. You know, I'd be your queen Tunny. Like in the lullaby, I'd be your queen."
It was his turn to chuckle.
"Push my back up a sec?" she asked as he laughed.
He helped her upright and she used that opportunity to plant a palm on his chest and twist into him. It was dark and they were talking about lullabies so he didn't see it coming. She kissed him - that quick, soft peck on the lips that scored their game.
"Two up, Tunny," she sighed and he swore she lingered a moment in the perfect dark just millimeters in front of him because he felt her warm breath exhale out onto his face and the cool vacuum of her next breath inwards. She finally turned her back to him and reclined against him again. "You're not as good at this game as you used to be, I think you're rusty."
The intensity of her closeness, their mutual near-nudity, and the dark gave him the courage to say what he was thinking. "I'm not even sure what game we're playing anymore, Jess."
"Same game, honey." She searched for his hand under the bath water and took it. She squeezed it gently. "Just higher stakes."
They lingered in the dark, in the bathtub, each thinking their own thoughts. Jessica went back to humming their Mom's lullaby.
Winston's head was a swirl of emotions. They shared so much history. Was it helping? Or was it hurting?
Thankfully, the bath began to get cool.
"Ready?" He finally asked. "I'm turning into a giant wrinkle back here."
" 'Kay," came her short, soft response. She sounded disappointed that their bath time was ending.
Leaving the lights off, he carefully helped her from the tub and slipped out of his waterlogged boxer shorts. He toweled her dry from head to toe, grabbed another dry towel, and wrapped her in it.
Then he flicked the light on. Ooops. He'd been so focused on making sure his sister was dry and covered that he forgot about himself. He was standing there completely naked. Their eyes met for a millisecond and Jess immediately looked down at his erect eight inch cock. He saw her eyes go wide in surprise just as he flipped the light switch off.
"Whoa, that definitely looks grade 'A' too, brother dear," she snickered in the dark.
"Very funny. Show's over. Now go get in bed. I'm putting on a towel."
"Awww..." she whined as she made her way back towards her bedroom.
He wrapped a towel around his waist then followed her to her room.
"Stay with me some more?" his sister pleaded.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jess."
"Please? I'm having trouble sleeping. Just watch TV with me?"
"All right, at least let me put on some pajamas."
"Yay! Slumber party! Could you microwave some popcorn too?"
Before he left he watched his sister, still wrapped in the towel, carefully get into bed.
He returned in a few minutes with a big bowl of popcorn and hopped onto the bed to join her. He noticed the towel she'd been wearing was folded at the foot of the bed. He hadn't helped her dress.
"Sis, what are you wearing under those covers?"
"Practically nothing."
" 'Practically nothing' or nothing."
"The second one."
"Si-is!" He made it a two syllable whine.
"Oh come on," she rolled her eyes, "you can't see anything. Besides, you've already seen my entire body anyway. Plus, the fresh sheets you put on the bed feel wonderful against my skin."
"I give up," Winston sighed.
"Finally," she cheered, "now gimme some popcorn."
He passed the popcorn and the TV remote. It was still her room, after all. She inflicted the Lifetime channel on him mercilessly. As a defensive measure, he fell asleep.
He woke up when he heard his sister breathing funny and he slid one eye open. The TV was on, lighting the room, but the volume was muted.
As his mental sleep fog began to clear, he realized Jessica's hands were moving beneath the covers. That, combined with her breathing and well... his sister was clearly masturbating. But, if he was reading her face correctly in the poor light - her lips pressed tightly together, her dark eyebrows scrunched together too - she looked kind of pissed. Was she having trouble getting off because he was in bed with her? Or maybe, he realized, it was because she'd broken her vibrator. He wondered if she could satisfy herself without it.
She groaned softly in frustration and stopped, apparently giving up.
He pretended to shift in his sleep and wake up.
"You still awake, sis?" This was obvious because she was staring right at him.
"Yeah," she huffed.
"What's the matter, still can't sleep?"
"No."
"Want some warm milk or something?"
"No."
"Look, I'm not saying it's smart but there's some left over Vicodin in dad's medicine chest. I can give you one. It might zonk you out enough so you can get some rest."
"No."
"I hate seeing you like this kiddo. Sure there isn't anything I can do?"
"Anything? Would you... would you buy me a vibrator?" she blurted that thought out so fast it sounded like one long word run together.
He automatically parroted it back to her for confirmation before he realized what he was saying, "Buy you a vibrator?"
"Mine broke," she sniffled, "I'm so used to playing with myself before going to sleep that I'm all messed up now."
"Aw jeez, sis."
"I know, I'm sorry but I'm climbing the walls. It's actually getting worse."
"Even if I could bring myself to buy sex toys for my sister, the only adult shop anywhere near here is down on route 52 and," he glanced at her alarm clock that read 1:15, "they closed at midnight."
She looked at him funny.
"Let's not talk about why I know that," he smiled.
His self-effacing humor made Jessica stifle a laugh.
"Looks like you're screwed missy. Or not screwed, rather," He joked again, hoping to turn her mood around.
It worked and she followed his humor like he'd hoped. "Then just go get Dad's gun and shoot me," she said melodramatically.
She looked around for the TV remote. It had slid down towards the foot of the bed. She leaned forward a bit to grab it but couldn't quite reach. He stirred and leaned over to grab it for her.
It was a trap. She kissed him the quick soft peck on the lips.
"Three up," she grinned. "Now say it," she said smugly.
"Oh come on."
"Say it."
"I don't even remember how it went."
"Bullshit, you never forget anything. Now say it."
Winston sighed. He affected his most preposterous theatrical British accent and recited the ritual offering of stolen kisses: "And what favor would my Lady Who Is Most Sneaky ask?"
Jess responded in a voice even more outrageous than his, a high-pitched, trilling accent. "The Lady's boon shall be... " but Jess paused.
"Tunny, I can't say my boon in my little girl voice because it would be really wrong." She looked in his eyes and he felt the weight of what she was trying to say. "I need your help. I need you, Tunny. Tonight. Do you understand?"
"Sure sis, you know that..." he trailed off when he realized what she was asking.
"I don't need romance, Tunny. I need satisfaction. You won't even have to do much."
"Aw jeez, Jess..."
"I just need you to touch me a little. Nothing crazy."
"Other than the fact that I'm your brother?"
"Yeah, there's that. But I think that's actually going to help. I feel safe with you."
"Help you. Not me!"
There was a long pause. Jessica let her large soft green eyes show her need.
"Fine, where do you want me to touch you?" He relented.
"Where do you think? Come on under the covers." She lifted the blankets and he slid under them with her. "Now get closer. Cuddle in next to me."
He curled his body into his sister's side. "Like this?"
"Good, now give me your right hand." She drew up the leg nearer to him at the knee until her foot was flat on the bed. She slid his hand from her hip along her thigh, caressing herself with him to her knee. Then she slowly drew his hand down the back of her leg along the long firm muscle of her hamstring. His breath caught a bit as her hamstring transitioned smoothly into the smooth curve of her right butt cheek.
Jess circled two fingers of his hand and drew them slowly across to her sex. He felt the smooth delicate folds of her outer lips. When he felt the moist heat of her opening, Winston gasped.
"It's okay, silly, you've washed my entire body, including this."
"You're crazy. This is way different."
"Yeah, I think you're right, this is different," she giggled. "This is way better. Feel how smooth I am after waxing? I really like it. It feels sexy. Okay, now we'll just barely slip your fingers inside me."
She sighed as she teased her entrance with his fingers then slowly pushed them into herself. "Good, right to there. Stop. Not too far. Perfect. Don't move 'em unless I say so. Got it?"
"Got it."
"You can breathe though, you know. "
Winston hadn't noticed he was holding his breath and let out a nervous exhale. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little tense."
"Relax. Don't be nervous. You're doing great. I'm enjoying this. It feels... Tunny... this feels really, really right to me. Is that weird?"
Winston chuckled nervously. "It's your hormones talking. You'd say that to the twelve year-old kid who delivers our newspaper if he was in my place right now."
"Maybe," she giggled again.
"Tunny?"
"Yeah?"
"I love you," she said simply. She turned her head to softly kiss his nose. It was a sweet but absurdly chaste gesture given where his hand was.
"I love you too, sis."
She closed her eyes and settled herself. He watched her lick her lips, her little pink tongue darting out to trace their outline. It made Winston wince. He watched quietly as his sister began to masturbate. His eyes darted between her flushed face and the outline of her hands moving beneath the concealing blanket.
At one point, on pure instinct, Winston began to move his fingers in and out a little without realizing it. Jessica's eyes immediately flew open and she shook her head. "No," she whispered hoarsely. He nodded and held still.
A minute later, his sister's body began to move jerkily. Her breathing had become quick and shallow.
"Tunny, tell me to cum?" his sister whimpered.
"Go ahead and cum, Jess."
"More. Tell me more."
"Let it out honey. Let it out and be happy."
"Dirtier."
Winston blurted out what he was thinking. "Cum on my fingers, Jess. Let me feel your perfect little pussy cum all over my fingers."
"My brother's fingers," she moaned. That did it. She groaned and spasmed. Her twitching walls clutched at the two fingers just inside her. Winston had to bite his own lip to keep quiet as he watched her vibrate through her release.
"How was that?" he asked as his sister finally relaxed.
"Wonderful," his sister opened her eyes and looked at him. They were glazed and her pupils were huge and dark.
"I'm glad." He gently eased his fingers from her. "Maybe now you can get some rest..."
Jessica frowned. "Not yet, I need more."
"What?"
"What can I say? I'm not really a one-and-done kinda girl. I usually go at least twice. Do you have any condoms, Tunny?"
"Whoa, no I don't. Do we really need to..."
"Shit. And, yes, I know what I need right now. How's your willpower Tunny? Oh god, why am I even asking? You're like a walking pyramid of willpower. That's half our problem..." she muttered that last part to herself only semi-cryptically. "It doesn't have to be a big deal, I'm just going to borrow the first inch and a half of your grade 'A' thing for a couple of minutes. Got it?"
"Let me see if I have this right, you're going to use my real thing as a substitute for your fake thing which you need in order to properly fantasize about getting the real thing and have another orgasm so you can sleep."
"Yep."
"Right. Great. This makes perfect sense," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be mean. It'll make it harder for me to relax."
"You're serious... why do you need me to do this?"
She turned to look at him. A lock of her dark hair covered one eye. Her ivory skin glowed in the light of the television. "Am I pretty?"
She had to know the question was rhetorical. "Yes," he said softly.
"Do you love me?"
"Of course."
"Did you lose at stolen kisses?"
"Yes.
"Do you want to help me?"
"Yes."
"Then let's stop talking about the 'why' and get down to the how." She looked at him a little more seriously. "Besides, frankly, at least one part of you is really enjoying this. I felt your nice, big thingie poke me in the side a few times."
She reached down and gently inserted her hand into the waistband of his pajama bottoms. He didn't move to stop her as her fingers circled his erection. The unfamiliar and illicit contact between his sister's hand and his cock made his head spin. His eyes slid tightly shut. So wrong. So very wrong. She stroked his end a few times, distributing his pre-cum, then grabbed the waistband and hauled it down over his hips. His erection sprang free.
The boldness of her move made Winston's eyes fly open and fix on his sister's face. She was staring at him intently, her mouth hanging open. She pursed her lips and exhaled as she drew his cock beneath her raised leg and towards her opening. He felt the heat radiating from her entrance before she placed him to her hot wet sex. They were just barely touching.
"Hunch into me a little?" she whispered.
He curled more tightly into her. Slowly, painstakingly, she rubbed him at her opening. She was warm, slick, and tight. So tight that he had to help by pressing into her steadily. It was the most intense feeling of his young life as he entered her. She gently but insistently stopped him before he was two inches inside her.
She was panting already. "Wow. That's good. You're ah... don't take this the wrong way, but you're nice and meaty in the way it counts. I feel stretched."
"Jess!"
"Sorry, but it's true. Okay, seriously, no cumming, Tunny. As bad as this is... as bad as what we're doing is... if you come it would be really bad. Okay?"
"'Kay," he choked out. This was going to be even more difficult than he thought. He might as well never had sex before. The sensation of being inside of his sister made sex with other women pale by comparison.
He felt her hand moving above his shaft, playing at her clitoris again. Periodically, she traced a few fingers down around his girth to gather moisture from their leaking intersection to continue her masturbation.
For the first two minutes Winston forced himself to think about anything not sexual.
His sister interrupted his focus. "Tunny? Can you get on top of me? Please? It feels funny from this angle. It's unbelievably good though. I'm going to cum really hard, I can tell already."
He slipped out of her briefly then rose and slid between her legs. She carefully pulled him back into her, no further than before, and went back to masturbating. He looked down at his beautiful kid sister's face, flushed with excitement. He fought the urge to lean down and press his lips to hers. He made the third and fourth minutes by exerting his considerable willpower.
Moving into the fifth minute, he starting formulating a way to tell his sister that he needed a break before...
Hallelujah! She rescued him with her second orgasm. Moaning a steady series of softly grunted "Ugh hugh ugh hugh, yeah," she jerkily rocked forward and back in her enormous release. To his relief, her orgasmic rocking caused him to pop free from the warmth of her vagina.
Unfortunately, his respite was brief because on one of Jessica's downward rockings his slickened shaft slid up between her asscheeks and skidded up along the crack of her ass. Instead of objecting, Jess, still cumming wildly, rocked herself up and down further, trapping his cock between her firm buns. She continued touching herself, riding out her orgasm.
Winston couldn't help himself. His resolve was already in shambles from holding out inside her. No harm could be done like this and it felt too damn good. He began to push forward to meet her.
Jess finally came to her senses and realized her brother was moving against her urgently. She continued rocking up and down gently with him. "Can you come like this?" she asked softly as they hunched together. She clenched the cheeks of her ass, massaging his cock with her sleek, muscular buns.
"Definitely," he groaned, looking down at her hungrily.
"Then do it," she said, her expression soft and affectionate.
"Are you sure, sis?"
"Absolutely, it's only fair. You were was so good, so patient, for me just now. I know it probably just about killed you. I owe you. Go ahead, hump my little teen butt and get off too. We'll be Steven evens."
"You're horrible."
"Yeah yeah," she grinned a little, "keep humping, buddy. Just not too rough. It hurts my boobs when they bounce." She carefully held her chest in place with her arms.
It was barely another minute before he came, and dear Lord he came, he jerked himself back and away from her and quickly grabbed the towel off the bed to wrap himself in its terry-cloth. Immediately, he was wincing with the force of his own orgasm. He pulsed into the towel in heavy throbs of thick semen. It felt like he was ejaculating molasses. He couldn't remember ever coming this hard before.
When he finished, he was panting. His head hung limply from his shoulders.
"Was it awesome for you too?" his sister finally asked, looking up at him. Her voice was already sleepy.
"Very."
"I'm glad. Good night, Tunny," she turned her head to rest on the pillow and closed her eyes. "And... thanks."
"Good night, sis."
He gingerly removed the now cum-soaked towel from them both and looked away as he fixed her blankets. Given what they'd done, he'd seen very little of his sister's nude body. He flung the towel into the wash basket on the other side of her room. He padded barefoot back to his own room and threw himself on the bed. Guilt gnawed viciously at him for what had just happened.
~~~***~~~
He must have fallen asleep because he woke up to daylight and the feeling of his sister's lips pressing softly into his. "Hey, I was sleeping," he groused. "No points for a sleeping smooch."
"I know," she replied softly. He didn't need to open his eyes to know she kept her face just fractions of an inch from his. They traded a few breaths. It was an intimate moment and Winston's cock stirred involuntarily. When he opened his eyes finally, her bright eyes - hazel at the moment - occupied his entire field of view.
She rubbed her nose against his in a quick Eskimo kiss then retreated. He blinked as he looked at her. She was wearing his green cotton bathrobe. "I smooched you because I'm happy. I finally got a great night's sleep and today is New Bra Day!"
No mention of what they did last night? Winston wondered if they could ever put that completely behind them.
In the meantime, Jessica was right. It was the third day after her surgery and she was supposed to switch from the tensor bandage to a non-underwire bra. She dragged him out of bed and led him over to her room where she pulled the top drawer of her dresser open.
"Look, sis, about last night..."
She didn't even look up. "What about it? I needed help and you were there for me. You're a good brother, Tunny. Always have been."
"That's it?"
"Yup," she said simply. "Feel free to beat yourself up about it, but that's how I see things. Now, can we talk booby-holders?" she cried gleefully picking around the drawer's contents. It was filled with nearly two dozen sets of new underwear. The bras were sized for her new breasts - she'd clearly gone shopping beforehand.
Jessica's eyes were darting everywhere. "I can't decide. You pick. Which one is going to be the first to hold my new superboobs?"
He was at a loss, still reeling from her casual acceptance of last night's - what was it? Mutual masturbation, he guessed. He also didn't know much about bras. "Uhh... how about this one?" He pointed at a pretty, white lacy one.
Jessica laughed. "A push-up demicup? You're such a boy. I'll wear that one for you later. Right now I need something with support, dummy."
She rifled through the drawer and pulled out two bras. Both were full-cupped lacy affairs but one was black and one was electric blue.
He'd always liked blue. "That one." He pointed to it.
She turned her back to him and loosened the robe. Then she careful donned her new bra. "Oh this is awesome," she chimed, pulling it gently into place.
"How so?"
"I used to have trouble filling out an A cup. It was annoying having gappy underwear. I had to be careful matching some sweaters with the right shaped bra. Ugh, I hated it," she grumbled. "But now, I am seriously filling out this bra. I've got extra cleavage in a C-cup!"
She spun to face him, holding the top of the robe open. "Check it out."
"Whoa." It was all he could get out. The roundness of her creamy white breasts overfilled her bra slightly, pressing together into a tight cleavage above it. Her pale skin against the electric blue was... well... electric.
"You like?" She shrugged her shoulders and her chest swung minutely.
He gawked a little and found his voice, "I think you could hypnotize people with those things."
"Really? People? Anyone in particular? Like you perhaps?"
No point in denying it. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm 'people.' "
"Good. Now hand me the matching panties."
He did. They were small and lacy. There wasn't much fabric to them.
Bending over slowly, painstakingly, she stepped into them and pulled them up and on beneath the robe. She flung the robe off to stand in front of her brother.
"How's the whole package?"
He gave his best, cheesy wolf whistle. "You'd have your pick, but I'd go with Perfect 10."
"Huh?"
"The magazine. Don't get me wrong, Playboy and Penthouse would take you too, I'm just saying."
"Dork. Want to be the first to get a new, big boobie hug?"
"Sure," he said as she slid the two steps into him and pressed herself gently against his body.
"How's that?" she giggled.
"Nice." He looked down over her shoulder at her ass. The lacy electric blue panties weren't a thong but they were quite brief. Half of her buttcheeks were uncovered. Her tush looked delectable. "You're tarting up the panties a bit there too sis. Mom might freak when she sees them in the washer."
"You said that if I got big boobs that people wouldn't notice the rest of me. You had a point, so I'm emphasizing my sweet little tush a bit extra."
"That wasn't the point I was trying to make."
"I know. But I derive a certain satisfaction out of twisting your honorable intentions to my own devious ends."
Her cheeky response rang so true that it made him pause for a moment. "Sis, I'm having that printed on a t-shirt for you to wear around. It could be your life's slogan."
"And I'd wear it," she snickered. "But for now, here's your fair warning Tunny, I'm not putting any more clothes on than this for today. I want to enjoy my spiffy new body. Think you'll survive?"
"Sure. I'm a... what did you call me?"
"A pyramid of willpower."
"Yeah."
"And you're gay," she reminded him with a smirk.
"Sure, I'm a big ol' gay pyramid of willpower."
She giggled. "Speaking of which, there's a bone I've been meaning to pick with you for awhile now."
"Hmmm?" he covered his mouth against a stolen kiss as she leaned into him.
Instead, she whispered into his ear, "Why didn't you tell me that cum tastes so good?"
"Dammit it, Jess!"
"Haha. Gotcha. Come on, I'll make you breakfast. When is the last time you had my patented oatmeal?" She ducked out her bedroom door and down the stairs.
With Jess gone, Winston's eyes sought the cum-soaked towel from the previous night. It was his very own Tell-Tale Heart, he could practically hear it throbbing: "Bad brother. Bad brother. Bad brother."
It took him a moment to locate the towel because it wasn't in the wash basket he'd tossed it into last night. Jess must have moved it. It was on the bed now. "Wait a second, had she been talking about the taste of his cum?" he wondered before crushing that down with a heavy mix fear, revulsion and disbelief. He shook his head and followed his sister down into the kitchen.
Jessica's patented oatmeal had less to do with oatmeal and more to do with the maple syrup, brown sugar, honey and assorted dried fruits (raisins, cranberries and chopped apricots) that she added lustily. Oatmeal was just a binder. The stuff was essentially sugar-based rocket fuel. Winston loved it, but then his sweet tooth was almost as big as hers.
He sat at the kitchen table and watched while his gorgeous, half-naked teenage sister stirred the oatmeal on the range top with a wooden spoon. Her small blue-pantied ass swayed back and forth enticingly. She glanced back at him occasionally to smile and, he began to realize, to make sure he was still watching her. If she'd been wearing high heels too, the scene would have looked like the improbable beginning to a porn movie.
"She's going to wear you down," the thought bubbled into his head, unbidden. Like an enormous burp, it belched up from his subconscious. This part of him knew what the rest of him was denying vigorously. It made him bite his lower lip. His sister wanted to do things with him. Well, they'd already done things. But she wanted to do more things. Things brothers and sisters shouldn't do. Now she had a new and improved body working for her.
He wondered what would hurt her feelings more. Giving in to her seduction? Or resisting it? He pushed these thoughts away too.
They ate their oatmeal at the kitchen table, chatting about their plans for the day. Jessica was supposed to lay low for another 24 hours. She'd be able to venture out tomorrow. In the meantime, Winston had errands to run: grocery shopping, drugstore, post office. He offered to swing by the video store and pick up a few movies for her.
"Yeah, get something I would like?" Jess brightened.
Winston knew what that meant: chic-flicks.
"Anything else you need while I'm out?" he asked. His mind was on last night's plea to buy her a new vibrator.
"Nah, I'm good." She shrugged as she picked up his empty bowl and hers and moved to put them in the dishwasher.
Winston was relieved. He had not been looking forward to purchasing a sex toy for his sister.
"Hey, when you get back, can we figure out a way to wash my hair?"
"Sure."
Winston ran his errands. He came back with groceries and two sappy movies for his sister.
"Up here!" Jessica called from upstairs as he finished putting stuff away in the fridge.
She called him into the bathroom. She was still wearing nothing but her bra and panties. She'd switched into the identical black set. Apparently she was serious about being barely dressed for the foreseeable future. The black stood out against her perfect ivory skin. It also looked a bit sluttier. It took him a moment to tear his eyes away from her and realize that she had set up a plastic folding chair backed up against the tub.
She waited patiently without comment as his eyes raked her body. She enjoyed her newly acquired ability to distract him. "Do you think it will work for a shampoo? I can lean my head back and you can use the hand rinser."
"Looks good to me. When do you want..."
"Right now please. I can't stand myself any longer."
He chuckled and reached past her to turn on the water and let it warm up. After a minute, he told her to lean back and let the hand rinser's spray touch the back of her neck. "Good?"
"Perfect."
He wetted her hair down with the warm water and squeezed a good-sized glob of his sister's rosemary-mint shampoo into his palm.
"Oooohhhh," Jessica cooed happily as he began lathering her hair from the back of her neck, standing next to her. He soon realized why salons have setups where the shampooist can stand behind the basin. It was awkward shampooing from just one side. He couldn't see what he was doing on the opposite side.
He swung a leg around the front of the chair and easily straddled his sister. Being tall had a few advantages. When he glanced down he was looking directly at her cleavage. He wondered how long it would take for him to stop noticing it.
For her part, Jess didn't move. Her eyes were still closed. She looked ecstatic at finally getting her hair washed. And the truth was, he was enjoying it too. It felt intimate without being sexual. He liked being close to her. He lost himself in rubbing and lathering his kid sister's pretty hair.
When every strand had been soaped squeaky clean, he began rinsing her down. He started at her front hairline and worked downwards. As he made his way down towards the back of her neck he lifted her head. They repeated the procedure with the matching conditioner.
Towards the end, he noticed his crotch was getting warmer. He tried to ignore it. With her hair sexily wet and smelling of fresh rosemary-mint, Jess's attractiveness was getting to him again.
He wondered what it would be like if he'd had an ugly sister. Would he feel the same way? No point in wishing for the impossible. Without meaning to, he glanced down for another peak at her barely clad body and...
"Jess!!!" he cried.
She had leaned her head forward into him as he straddled her. Her face was millimeters from his denim-covered crotch. Her mouth was open and she was panting warm breath into the fabric over his groin.
"Aaahhh, sorry!," she said. "I was just... I'm sorry. It was just right there and I... I'm sorry."
"What got into you?"
"Come on, I didn't actually touch anything!"
"Still!"
"Look Tunny, the truth is you started getting hard before I started breathing on you like that. It's what caught my attention. So you're the one who turned this into a sex thing. I was just enjoying a nice wash." She wrapped her hair in the towel. "No harm. No foul. Thanks for the shampoo. Once again, you prove you're the world's best brother." She smooched him, a quick peck on the lips, and then left.
"No points for the kiss," he called after her, "I saw it coming."
"I know," her answer echoed down the hall, "but you didn't cover your mouth or move out of the way did you?"
She was right. He hadn't. She was winning the larger game.
He hid in his room and read for the next few hours until dinner.
They made a quick supper of pork chops and instant stuffing then sat down to watch one of the movies he'd rented for her, Chocolat. He'd seen it before and figured his sister would enjoy the blend of romance and imaginative story. She did. She teased him about being pretty good at picking out chic flicks.
They raided their parents' liquor cabinet to make rum and cokes then stretched out on the family room's two couches to watch the next movie, Shakespeare in Love. Again, he had calculated it to be satisfying for Jessica but survivable for him. He hadn't seen this one.
An hour and two stiff, icy rum and cokes later, the still barely-clothed Jessica crawled onto the floor and towards Winston's couch. The view of her swaying bra-clad breasts and lace covered ass as she made her way over was hot as hell.
"I'm cold," she whispered from the floor, her face inches from his. He smelled her rummy breath.
"You're not wearing any clothes. Of course you're cold. Want this blanket?" He lifted the large throw blanket under his feet.
"Yeah." She took it from him but instead of returning to her couch, she wedged herself onto his. She pulled the blanket over both of them and turned onto her side to see the TV.
"Jess?"
"I'm freezing. You're warm. This is much better and you know it," she said tipsily.
Winston didn't have a lot of options, he could either stay on his back and stare at the ceiling or spoon in behind his sister and resume watching the movie. And it was a pretty good movie. He spooned.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't notice when Jess got off the couch to get them a third round of rum and cokes. He was pretty buzzed. She must be getting hammered by now.
He definitely noticed when his sister got up and fixed them a fourth round because, on her return, her naked ass went by as she settled back onto the couch to spoon with him. She also smelled of coconut. He recognized the smell. She'd been moisturizing. Her smooth, uncovered butt wiggled against the front of his pajama bottoms as she got situated and pulled the blanket back over them.
When she settled, he asked the obvious question. "Sis, you're not wearing any panties are you?"
"Nope. The sexy new lacy ones I was wearing felt itchy. I'm used to the soft cottony or satiny kind. It'll take some time to adjust to the new ones."
"Right," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be such a prude. Wanna take your jammies off, Tunny?"
"Nooo... I'm good." As tipsy as he was, he smelled trouble.
"Sure? I won't mind."
"I'll suffer."
"Honestly, I'd go completely naked right now if I didn't have to wear the bra what with the surgery and all."
"You're killing me, Jess."
"With kindness, brother dear. With kindness." She grabbed his hand, smooched it, and pulled his arm around her. They watched the rest of the movie. For a chic flick it was pretty good. Winston finished his fourth drink and Jess got up to fetch him yet another.
He got up to put in another DVD and stumbled. He was even drunker than he thought. He hadn't had rum in awhile and it was hitting him harder than he realized. The movie he stuck in was a classic James Bond film. He figured Jessica had a good run of girl movies and that she'd be asleep soon anyway. It was after midnight.
They were a third of the way through the Bond flick and he thought she'd fallen asleep when she whispered, "Tunny, I'm horny."
Winston's attentions were split between fighting off a vicious case of room-spins and trying not to get a complete hard-on while watching a scantily clad Britt Ekland work her on-screen magic and having his sister's bare ass pressed against him. "Generally or specifically?" he replied absently.
"Specifically. Like right now. I don't suppose you got me a new toy while you were out?"
"I asked you if you needed anything this morning and you said no."
"I didn't think of it. I don't think of vibrators while I'm having my morning oatmeal."
"I'm not going through what you put me through last night," he said preemptively.
There was a long pause.
"Actually, I don't think you have to. You know what we did after I got off?"
"Yeah," he'd never forget grinding along the smooth tight crease of his sister's perfect ass.
"I really liked it. I think I could come just doing that. If I hadn't had two humongous orgasms just before, I probably would have gotten off again." She wiggled her ass back into him until his hardening, pajama-covered cock was caught between her firm little buns.
"Sis?" he slurred the question.
"Please? You can leave your clothes on this time if you want, I promise. The rum and the romantic movies and snuggling with you for the last couple of hours has me pretty wound up. Just hold still. If you feel like it, you can help by humping back against me."
"Fine."
She ground back against him for a few minutes and, against what was left of his judgment, he found himself pressing back into her. They humped for several minutes. He was soon panting into the back of her neck.
She turned her head to ask him something and in his inebriated state he misunderstood her intention. He kissed her - a long, hard searching kiss that made her gasp into his mouth. It was their first lovers' kiss. She parted her lips in invitation and he slid his tongue into her mouth, playing it across her teeth. She teased him back with her own.
He broke their kiss. "I'm getting raw," he whispered, "need to take my pants off okay?"
"Do it," she said hoarsely. Actually she'd been about to ask him if he minded taking them off when he kissed her.
He shimmied free of his pajama bottoms and spooned back into his sister. She wriggled back against him until he was trapped again between her ass cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact was intoxicating in a way rum could never be. They resumed humping. Her crease was soon slick with his pre-cum. By the way her elbow was moving beneath the blanket, he knew his sister was rubbing her clitoris.
Jess said something so softly over her shoulder that he had to ask her to repeat it.
"I said, 'do you know where you are right there?' "
He had only been following the roughened texture on instinct. He realized now that he had been twisting against her rosebud during their humping. "Oh, wow, sorry."
"No, it's okay, it actually feels kinda good. I just didn't want you to get grossed out."
The late hour and the rum made him honest: "Jess, there is absolutely no part of you that I find gross."
"That was sweet, Tunny. Okay, more humping please. I'm most of the way there."
They resumed their grinding. Soon, the tip of his erection caught on the dent of her sphincter and he was lined up perfectly. They both froze.
It was Jess who broke the silence. "Push a little, Tunny?"
He gently hunched towards her, barely able to breath, barely able to believe what she was asking him to do. His cock was pressed firmly against her backdoor. Even through the rum haze he knew this was wrong on multiple levels. It just helped him not care enough to stop.
"Little more?" she whimpered.
He felt her rear entrance begin to give way. Felt the barrier spread into a tiny circle. Felt that tiny circle yield to their combined pressure as she helped by gently wriggling backwards into him.
His sister grunted a soft "ugh" just as the head of his cock slowly slipped into her ass. Her clit hand moved in a frenzy between her legs. The penetration was enough to bring her orgasm on in a rush. She went rigid, her hand continuing to circle her clit. She curled into a ball, heaving a delighted "God yes!" as her orgasm rolled over her. Her curling motion pulled her away from him and he slid free of her ass.
Winston waited patiently as she caught her breath. She turned her head and she kissed him.
"That was sooooo good. Thank you." She looked at him, her eyes glinting happily. She saw his distress, it was written across his face. "Steven evens again?" she asked, kissing him, her tongue tracing along his lip wantonly.
When he finally nodded, she wriggled her ass back against him and he resumed grinding up between her asscheeks.
Inevitably, his tip was rubbing at the loosened, rougher flesh of her rosebud again.
He angled into it instinctively to maximize the contact and he caught himself at her entrance.
"You want to go inside again, honey?" she asked, her hand drifting to his hip.
"Yessss," he hissed softly.
She reached back and took his warm hard length in her hand. She centered him on her ass.
"Push a little again, Tunny."
He entered her more easily this time and she released her hold on his shaft.
"Can I have more this time?" she asked over her shoulder. "I… I kind of like this," she whispered.
He slid almost three inches of his eight inch length into her. Her rectum was furnace-hot and absurdly tight. It was also slicker than he expected, but then again he didn't have much experience in this department.
"Does this feel good big bro?" she asked, her voice was strained.
The question had to be rhetorical, he realized even in his drunken state. "Uh huh."
"Want to try more?" she offered quietly.
"God, yes."
She pressed back against him as he pushed into her. Inch by inch, he slowly slid his cock another three inches into her back passage.
"Oh my god you feel huge," Jess whimpered and paused, "Tunny, honey, I want… I want all of it… all of you inside me, okay? Hold still."
She resumed her backwards press and together they drove his entire length into her until his groin was pressed into her buns. They both realized that they'd been holding their breath.
"You okay, Jess?" he asked, just now worrying about hurting her with his slightly over-sized tool.
"Uh huh. You're so deep. So very, very deep. Gimme a sec," she panted. "Okay, now do me."
"Like, gently or..."
"However you want. I've already come and I can tell I'm going to come again pretty soon no matter what you do. This feels fantastic."
He began sawing a few inches in and out of her tight rectum gingerly.
She urged him on, reaching back to pull his hip into her. "It's all right Tunny, I won't break. Take me. Take my ass. Your little sister's ass. It's yours. I know you like it. You've been admiring it for years. I've been saving it for you."
"I don't want to hurt you, sis. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wait, you haven't done this kind of thing before have you?"
"No, but it's okay. I... err.... I prepared. The coconut you smell, I put some of my lotion up inside me... where you are. Thank god I did. You're really big. And it feels really good like this - all nice and slippery."
"Why you little..."
"Yell at me later, Tunny. Right now, fuck me."
He began to sodomize her steadily. Jessica slid a hand between her legs and began to touch herself again. Winston watched the blanket move as she masturbated. Then the moving stopped and he felt something slender rub his cock from inside her. She was toying at the entrance to her now-dripping vagina. She teased herself and him through the thin membrane that separated her pussy and ass. She slid her other hand down between her legs and used it to frig herself at the same time.
The utter depravity of their joining and the fantastic sensations raced through them both. They came together. Winston lurched forward to bury his full length into his sister's ass, Jessica grind back against him to hungrily accept every inch. He spurted his seemingly endless supply of cum inside her as she used his cock in her ass together with her fingers in her pussy and on her clit to stretch out her orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer.
The intensity of their release, the late hour, and the rum had them both fall asleep immediately. Neither of them so much as stirred when, a few minutes later, his softened cock finally slid free of her well-used and no longer virgin ass.
~~~***~~~
Winston woke up first. He fidgeted slightly and realized that they were literally stuck together. The brief but painful tearing sensation he caused peeling his dried, cum-coated cock off his sister's butt cheek woke her up too. She rolled over to face him and cuddled into his neck, kissing it softly.
"Morning handsome."
She was demonstrating none of the horror that Winston almost hoped she would unleash over what had happened. "Jess, we need to talk."
"About what?"
The nonchalant routine again? "About what we did last night."
"I needed you again and you were there for me. You're very dependable, brother dear." Her hand slid down his muscled stomach and bumped against his morning wood. "Feels like you're the one in need now, Tunny."
"Stop it. That's just a morning thing."
"Suit yourself, I'm going to take a shower then, I'm all covered in..."
"I know what you're covered in!"
"Come... join me," she grinned at her own pun, "in the shower. We can have more fun if you want."
"No more fun!"
"Okay, okay. But I'm still going upstairs to shower. If you want to keep yelling, that's fine, you'll just have to follow me."
He did follow her. As they climbed the stairs behind her, he fought not to stare at his kid sister's perfect adolescent ass. He followed her into the bathroom and watched as she carefully removed her bra and turned on the shower and stepped inside, closing the glass door behind her.
What words would make her understand that this was all terribly, terribly wrong? He ended up sounding more like a parent than he intended.
"Sis, this is incredibly irresponsible. On both our parts." He watched as she soaped her body and he continued to rant.
Jessica went about her showering as if nothing was wrong. When his ranting slowed, she calmly replied. "What's irresponsible about it? Nobody got hurt. We both enjoyed ourselves. I have a particularly large patch of evidence that you enjoyed yourself dried on my butt cheek over here."
"Jess, you are my sister for God's sake. Look, that first night, I wanted to help you. Last night, we got drunk. Sis, seriously, it's wrong. Really wrong. We have to stop."
"I don't see it that way. We love each other. We're attracted to each other."
"It's not supposed to be like that..."
She finally paused in her shower routine to look at him directly. The perfect, ivory expanse of her body was covered in soap lather. It ran down her flat, smooth belly, dribbled down her long tapered legs. She was an erotic dream. If only she weren't his sister!
She leveled her surprisingly serious green gaze on him. "Things have changed, Tunny. You've been in me. In fact, two out of three holes now stud." She turned and braced one hand against the shower wall then bent deeply at the waist. "Two days ago, you were here." She ran her forefinger up and down the smooth lips of her pussy. "You were there just a little. But just enough." She shivered. "It was the largest orgasm of my life. Well, until..." She traced her fingers upward and circled the fleshy knot of her sphincter, "…until last night when you were here. All the way in." She slipped the tip of her forefinger into her own ass briefly and pulled it free. "I liked it. A lot. Deny it all you want but you liked it too."
She stood and looked at him through the water beaded glass. The shower was cascading down her shoulders and streaming over her beautiful new breasts. Her eyes were emeralds, bright and fierce and beautiful. "Look at me, Tunny. I love you. I'm in love with you. And I want you. We can't take it back. I wouldn't even if I could. Would you?"
Winston didn't have an answer.
"Are you coming in with me?" she asked softly. The invitation meant more than just this one shower.
It was several seconds before Winston whispered hoarsely, "No."
Jessica's shoulders fell. She sighed sadly and shut off the water. He waited for her to open the shower door then handed her a towel. She quickly pressed her dark hair dry than wrapped her long slender body in its terry cloth.
She stepped out and stood in front of him. "If I misread you, if I am really and truly wrong about this... about us... and I've hurt what we are... I'm sorry." She leaned in and kissed him softly, gently, chastely on the lips.
"No points," he smiled weakly as she pulled away.
"That one was free," she reached up and carefully traced his jaw with her hand. She turned and left him alone in the bathroom. He heard her footsteps come back and her smirking face appeared through the doorframe. "But, Tunny, you really ought to get in the shower and wash yourself off. You stuck that big thing of yours in your little sister's dirty place."
"Jess!" he cringed as she disappeared again. But he was glad for the humor. It felt more normal, this kind of teasing exchange between them. He was smiling to himself as he took her advice and stepped into the shower.
He was rinsing off when his sister peeked in. "I'm headed out on errands. I'm looking forward to actually getting out and about for a little while. Be back in a bit."
The house felt emptier as soon as she was gone. He had one errand of his own but was back before her. He ended up whittling away the hours reading, watching TV, and checking e-mail. He sat at the kitchen table to eat a slice of leftover pizza, brooding as he chewed. As tortured as he felt with Jessica around, he was now miserable without her.
She breezed in through the back door, wearing a short denim skirt and a tight red V-necked t-shirt that put her new cleavage on display. She was carrying a few bags. "Wow, it was nice to get out of the house." She paused and smiled brightly when she saw him. "You look sad, Tunny. Don't be sad."
She plucked one of the bags from the rest and slid it across the kitchen table in front of him. "Here, I picked up a few things."
He peered inside. It held a new vibrator and a pack of condoms. He looked up at his sister and rolled his eyes.
She smiled. "Take me to bed."
"No," it came out with a little less conviction than it should have.
"Come on. Upstairs. I'm not doing it on the couch again." It was like she didn't even hear him.
"Sis..."
"I'll be in your room waiting for you. You go ahead and have your last little internal struggle down here. Then come on upstairs and make love to me. I'll be the half-naked girl on your bed."
She brushed past him and left him to his thoughts. He did struggle. It took nearly five minutes before he followed her.
True to her promise, she was there waiting for him on his bed. She was wearing a matching red satin bra and panty set. She looked like the world's best Christmas present.
"When did you know? That I'd cave, I mean." He asked her meekly.
"The first night. When you started humping against me after I started coming. That wasn't just my selfless big brother. It wasn't for me. It was for you. After that, it was just a matter of time. I was willing to work on you the whole summer, honey."
He nodded.
"Don't beat yourself up. I do win our little struggles now and then. And I put an enormous amount of energy into this one." She slid her crimson panties down her legs, revealing her smooth, bare pussy already beginning to glisten. She slipped out of her bra, freeing the large perfect teardrop breasts that now lazed on her chest. She stretched out nude on his bed and smiled. The sight of her like this made his knees rubbery.
"The good news is that I have a pretty good consolation prize for you, Tunny. Me. Come here."
He shuffled to the bed and his waiting sibling. She helped him off with his t-shirt then unbuckled his jeans and pushed them down with his boxers until she was eye level with his stiffening cock. She looked up at him as she closed the distance and touched her tongue to its tip. She grasped it with one soft hand and took its first few inches into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around it delicately.
She spat him out to give him a wicked look. "You're three for three on holes now. From here on out, we're only going to be arguing about depth."
"No more arguing," he sighed. "Where's that new toy of yours? Let's make sure it works."
"That a boy!" she beamed. She reached into the bag next to her and handed him the vibrator.
He realized now that it was out of whatever package it must have come in and the batteries were already in it. She knew what he was thinking. "It was a long drive home." She shrugged.
She spread her legs lewdly and ran her own hands down her smooth, flat ivory belly as he slid onto the bed and settled himself between her legs. His sister watched hungrily as he kissed the inside of each of her legs and then zeroed in on her smooth little teenage sex.
"Tell me," Winston teased her, his face millimeters from her sex. She could feel his hot breath across her delicate flesh.
She knew what he was after. "I want it."
"What do you want?" In for a penny, in for a pound - Winston was going to play her game.
"I want your mouth... on me," Jess panted.
"Where?"
"Here," she ran a finger between her legs and along her smooth pink lips.
"Dirtier."
She snickered. He was mirroring the prompting she'd given him their first time. "Eat me, Tunny. Lap my little clit. Make me cum. You always make me cum so hard."
He barely and briefly brushed his lips against her pussy. His tongue grazed her clitoris. Her body jerked in reaction.
"Have you pictured this?" he asked.
"Mmmhmmm..." she moaned.
"Dreamt of this?"
"Yeah..." she whined, eager for his touch.
"Lied for this?"
There was a long pause. "Yesss..." she finally hissed, "Now please, Tunny, please…"
With his sister's admission, he began working her clitoris with his tongue. Flicking at her little bud, he brought the vibrator to her opening. She was already dripping wet. He slowly twisted it into her. She was tight. He had to press firmly. At a little past two inches, he felt the vibrator push up against something. Something pliable. Some sort of barrier.
Holy Mary, Mother of...
His head snapped up to look at her in disbelief. She smiled weakly, "That's why I didn't let you all the way inside me before."
"So you want me to?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you'll do it. I want it to be you."
"Wow, okay, errr... any particular way you want me to do it? I mean, do you want me to do it now, with this thing?"
"You know I never want to wait. Yes, do it. Just like this."
"Oh boy, I was right, you are a kinky little mess."
"Yep. But now that you brought up kinky, I do have one improvement to what you're doing. Remember when I asked you to inspect my goods last week?"
"Yeah."
"Remember what I asked you if you would lick?" She carefully pulled her knees up towards her chest, it rocked her hips forward and exposed her pale little rosebud. "Do it," she whispered.
"Say what you want," he demanded again.
She didn't need prompting this time. "Lick it for me, Tunny. My ass. Lick me and rim me and fuck me open with my toy. Then fuck me for real. Take me tonight, Tunny. I've waited so long for this. I want your big dick wedged in me before the night is over."
She watched him hold the vibrator pressed gently against her hymen and duck beneath it to lap delicately at the small rose of her backdoor. She groaned and reached a hand down to circle her abandoned clitoris.
"So good," she sighed.
He continued lapping at her tiny, soft ring and began to fuck her with just the end of the vibrator. The combined sensations had her humping up and down instinctively. After a few minutes, he wormed the tip of his tongue into her ass and she started moaning at the new sensation.
At her third moan, he steadily drove the vibrator home through her hymen. Jessica gasped through clenched teeth but continued humping up and down.
"Turn it on," she whimpered.
It took a moment for him to understand what she meant. Then he hastily twisted the vibrator's base and it hummed to life in her. She jerked at the suddenly intense throbbing deep inside her. "Tunny, I'm going to come now... really big... you're still going to fuck me after this right?"
"Mmmhmmm," he confirmed from between her legs, still teasing her rosebud with his tongue.
"Good," she panted. Barely a minute later she peaked, mauling her clitoris and jerking her hips up to swallow the vibrator's length. Her upward motion speared her ass onto her brother's tongue as her body rolled in orgasm.
When her ass came back to rest back on the bed, he slipped the vibrator from her drooling pussy and tossed it to the floor. He crawled up the bed to stretch out next to her. She curled into him, still catching her breath.
"More," she whispered finally, looking up at him through dark hair that had fallen across her eyes. She rolled onto her back again and pulled him on top of her. She took his hard shaft in her hand and pressed it to her battered little hole.
Winston barely remembered the condoms. "Sis, protection first right?"
She nibbled her lip and shook her head. "I lied Tunny. I'm on the pill - been on it for the last year. Be gentle? I'm still a little sore."
He nodded. Together they carefully eased his larger than average cock into her near virgin pussy. She was tight and swollen but slick from her orgasm. She winced as he slid into her, filling her up completely. He felt his tip just brush her cervix. The contact made her shiver. They held motionless like that for several long moments. She willed herself to relax, to accept the oversized cock she'd wanted for so long. He marveled at the beautiful woman beneath him and waited for some sign to continue.
"Tunny, when my chest is healed completely I want you to fuck me from behind. Bent over your desk like I was when you were inspecting my goods. I was fantasizing about that at the time."
He shook his head with a smirk and leaned down to kiss her. When he broke the kiss, she saw him glance down at her chest.
"And I want you to fuck them too. My boobs, I mean. I want to kneel down in front of you and press them together for you to fuck with your big dick. I want your cum on my new tits."
He withdrew from her slowly, experimentally, and she groaned happily. Only half way out, he reversed and thrust back into her. She exhaled forcefully, hazel eyes wide and wild looking up at him. "So good," she groaned under him.
They fucked carefully, never building past a steady rhythm. On his downward thrusts, she rose up to meet him, grinding his full length into her. She found she liked the contact when he bottomed out inside her. When he retreated, she experimented - squeezing down with her muscles. He felt her tighten down onto him and smiled, moaning out a happy "very nice." His compliment made her glow even more.
They continued like this for several minutes until Winston leaned back to sit upright on his heels, still buried in her. "Feel like coming for me?" he asked.
"Always," she purred, and reached up to toy with her own nipples.
He brought his hands down to their juncture and centered both of his thumbs on her clitoris. He began to brush her little bud upwards with each thumb, essentially twiddling his thumbs backwards in an unending circular motion he suspected she might like.
He was, of course, right. How long do you have to love someone - how well do you have to know them - before you sense with near-certainty how to please them best without them asking? Without them even knowing how to ask or what to ask? Five years? Ten? Fifteen? How about your entire life? Winston brought this to bear now.
Jessica's breath caught in her chest at this last touch. Her brother's thick cock, the one she'd fantasized about for far too long was wedged - no, crammed - inside her. It stretched her more perfectly than she imagined because she couldn't imagine it until now.
She looked up Winston, her sweet Tunny, and her head replayed memories from their joint childhood. Thousands of shared secrets and little intimacies. Years of love, of laughter, of trust. When her brother touched her in this last, perfect way, everything rushed together. She felt something huge shift deep inside her - something so large she didn't think it was possible.
"Tunnnnnnnyyyyyy...." she keened, almost alarmed at the intensity of what was coming. "I can't..." she sobbed, actually choking a little.
"It's okay, sis, don't fight it..." He watched the muscles in her abdomen clench, release, and re-clench violently - the faint image of a six-pack appearing and disappearing beneath her pale taut belly. Her new, large breasts rocked with the clenching.
She jerked as the spasms radiated from her torso into her long slender legs and arms. "Alm-m-most ...too... too... b-b-biggg," she stuttered and wailed, arms and legs suddenly twitching, eyelids fluttering madly. She felt the undertow of her impending orgasm dragging at her, sucking at her insides. The sheer magnitude of the looming climax blotted out all thought.
"I love you, Jess," he whispered, "and I always have."
Her wave crashed, rolling her under.
"Wuu ahahahahaha," she shrieked, her slender chest heaving off the bed as her vision went white. Her smooth ivory hips jerked upwards at the same time, mashing into him, grinding up onto his cock until it crushed against her where it bottomed out. Her body remained arched like this for several seconds, her jaw clenched tight, panting through her nose loudly. Her body shuddered The rippling walls of her seizing sex dragged him along towards his orgasm. When she collapsed back to the bed, still peaking, he thrust into her twice and jerked his cock from her to fist it viciously. He grunted as he erupted mightily, jetting cum up across her belly, then onto her breasts, then up to her neck, then into the dark hair splayed across the pillow beneath her head.
He fell forward next to her on the bed where they both lay gasping for several minutes.
"You got your stuff in my hair," she finally laughed, giddy in the aftermath of the lovemaking she'd wanted for so long.
"Complain too much and I'll aim for your face next time," he threatened, reaching an arm around her and pulling her in to his chest.
"That might not be so bad," she replied cheekily. They rested a few more minutes until, lifting her head, she kissed him. She recoiled in mock horror. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go brush your teeth. All I can taste right now is my ass."
He chuckled. "You weren't complaining earlier."
They clambered out of bed and into the bathroom. He brushed his teeth while she relieved a post-coital tinkle.
When she was done, he paused his brushing. "Jess, you said you put an enormous amount of energy into this..." He raised an eyebrow.
His sister sighed. "I got you drunk on purpose last night, Tunny. The drinks I fixed... mine were just Coke. You got a double dose of rum."
He nodded, not entirely surprised.
"And you know that I actually lubed my own butt with coconut lotion just in case I could convince you to take me that way. But... I also broke my vibrator on purpose and left it out for you to find the night before. And it was my idea to show you my breasts and have you touch them before the surgery."
Winston closed his eyes and shook his head as he processed what she'd said.
"How long, Jess?" He finished brushing and rinsed his mouth while waiting for her to answer.
When he looked at her in the mirror, her eyebrows were knitted together with worry.
"How long have you been feeling this way? Working on this? Working on me?!" he said more sternly.
She winced. "I planned this whole thing. I scheduled the breast implant surgery for now so you would be home from school. So we would be alone and you would have to take care of me."
"Yeah but Mom and Dad would have been..."
"I orchestrated Dad's trip to Africa. I just had to plant a couple of seeds in his head about the British colonial period, the summer being the perfect time, their 20th wedding anniversary, yada yada."
Jess was talking in a rush now, trying to blurt it all out and get it over with.
"It started before you left for college, I saw you with your girlfriend in the backyard one night. I watched her blow you. You both looked so happy. For only a moment, I was horrified like I should have been. Then, I don't know, something else happened? I got really turned on. Then I got jealous. Seeing you like that made me realize how I felt about you. That you were more than just a big brother to me. So I started talking nasty to you. I needed to wear away at your image of me as your innocent little sister. The gay accusation stuff was a ploy too. I wanted to goad you a little - make you want to prove to me you weren't gay. I also did it to throw Mom and Dad off."
Winston finally found words. "They don't think I'm gay."
"No, but they think that I think that you're gay. And that's almost as good."
Again he felt the magnitude of his sister's effort. "Wow, okay, that's so scheme-y that it's a little scary.
She looked up at him through her mussed dark hair. "Look, I wish I could say I feel bad about all this but the truth is that I don't. Well, except... Tunny, I'm not on the pill. That was a silly last minute fib. I just really wanted you, without a dumb condom in the way. I'll go on the pill, I swear."
Winston allowed himself a little satisfied smile. "I can at least contribute on that part. I'm reluctant but I'm not dumb." He opened the medicine chest next to him and pulled out a vial. He shook a pill out onto his hand and handed it to his sister. "Morning after pill. I picked a few up at the store this morning."
She stared at the tablet a long moment. He could feel her weighing the decision.
"Kids someday Jess, just not yet. We're young. We have plenty of time to work that out. Together. No scheming, okay?"
He could tell that it wasn't what he'd said that made her put the pill in her mouth and swallow it. It was the way he'd said it. Casually. Comfortably. They were going to be together for the rest of their lives.
She knew that as soon as he said it, she could count on him. He was, is, and would always be, dependable. He was her rock. Her immoveable object - well, nearly immoveable object. That last thought made her smile to herself.
She filled a cup with tap water and took a gulp to wash down the pill. When the cup came away from her lips, he was waiting. She hadn't seen it coming because she couldn't see around the cup and she didn't think he really liked their old game anymore.
She was wrong.
He stole his kiss quickly, his lip curling up just a little smugly at one end like it did when they were kids.
"One up," he grinned.
Jessica eyed her brother carefully. Stealing a smooch in broad daylight, standing right in front of her, in a bathroom with a huge mirror in it was pretty slick. It had required a perfect sense of timing, a subtle shift in his posture to make her turn towards him and away from the mirror without her realizing it, and a keen awareness of her line of sight.
Maybe he wasn't so rusty after all. No, perhaps not quite as rusty as she'd thought.
***
How does the irresistible force move the immoveable object? Deception. It convinces the immoveable object that it isn't moving while it does. The irresistible force lies. Just a little. Just enough.
***
Post-Script: I picture incest as the sexual equivalent of getting into one of those ridiculous knife fights where the combatants are tied together at the wrist from the beginning. It instantly feels close and you get the sense that, absent a miracle, someone is going to be very badly hurt.
With that in mind, I tried to heap a few more intimacies onto the story's situation - bind the siblings tighter together - so they play a childhood game and on top of that Winston periodically recalls their shared youth. It's partly an excuse for the dumb tangents I enjoy dreaming up too.
Some people might like it. Others might not.
Vive le difference!
Author's Note: Ever have a story that screamed away in your head until you got it out? Yeah, this was like that. This is longish, but reads quickly because it is dialogue heavy. I wanted to try one big story as opposed to the multi-chapter thing. For the squeamish - there's some, you know, moderate butt stuff in places here. Sue me.
~~~***~~~
Jessica paused in the dark only a few yards from the rear of her house and crouched by the base of a large pine tree. She'd heard giggling on her walk home from her friend's house. Sure enough, her brother, less than 20 feet away, was with his new, hot, but incredibly vapid girlfriend.
"So you want to see them?" she heard the curvy blonde tease. Jessica realized the question was largely rhetorical. She wondered if the blonde could spell 'rhetorical' or use it in a sentence.
"Yes, please." Well, at least her brother was polite.
"Okay." The blonde yanked her yellow tank top over her head. "Ta-da!" Her large D-cup breasts sprang free into the cool night air.
"Wow, they're amazing," his compliment sounded sincere.
"Now pull down your pants, I'll show you something amazing," giggled the bare-chested girl as she fell to her knees.
Jessica watched as her older brother was serviced behind their tool shed. It turned out that the kneeling girl's skills weren't linguistic - they were oral. She watched as the blonde's head bobbed expertly. Instead of running away or getting nauseous as one might have expected, Jess watched with keen interest. And her mental wheels began to turn.
~~~One Year Later ~~~
"Hiya Winnie. Hey, have you ever had a guy whose dick was so big that when he stuck it in you he didn't even need to move it and it already felt good?"
The casually delivered question nearly caused him to spew breakfast cereal all over the couch. It was wrong on three levels. First, "Winnie" was just an irritating nickname for Winston. (Winston's full name was Winston Churchill Kendall. Only a history professor and his avid anglophile wife would conceive of naming their 21st century American son after Britain's greatest statesman). The point is he was a guy. And no heterosexual man wants to hear a question like that. Ever. Second, this was not the kind of talk people had over breakfast. Third, it was his baby sister asking the question.
This was a little game Winston and his sister Jessica had started to play recently. Well, it was a game that Jessica played with him anyway. It involved her surprising him periodically with nasty thoughts like this that made her sound like a slut at the same time they accused him of being gay. But he wasn't gay. And, as far as he could tell, Jess was not a slut - although you wouldn't know it based on the things that popped into her head and then came flying out of her mouth.
Her odd behavior was not entirely out of character - Jessica had always been clever in a crazy sort of way. She liked to make things up. She was good at it. She had an amazing imagination. Lately she'd been using it towards nefarious ends. Torturing Winston like this was a prime example.
It hadn't always been like that. He thought back to the days of "stolen kisses." He missed that nicer game.
Little Jess was barely seven years old - he was eight - when she explained the rules for stolen kisses to him. She even summarized the history of the game as having been played on the palace grounds by the ten illegitimate children of King William IV. She'd said she read it in some notes their Dad left out for his research into 19th century British royalty.
According to Jess, the game's object was to sneak up on another contestant and surprise them with a quick kiss on the lips. If the frontrunner got three smooches ahead of their victim, they could demand a favor. Usually it meant doing one of their chores or loaning out a favorite toy for the day. Then the kiss count reset to "even" and the game began again.
Of course, she'd made the whole thing up.
They played the game for years until she'd turned twelve. Puberty made her tall, gangly, shy and awkward. She didn't want to kiss him anymore.
As for Jess's sick new I'm-a-slut/You're-gay game, well, he chalked it up to her being bitter about him leaving for college and sticking her all alone with their parents for the last year of her high school term. But in the past six months, her comments had been getting increasingly explicit. Stuff he'd never even considered. It was a little unsettling.
The present 18 year-old Jessica was a tall beauty. At 5'10" she was only four inches shorter than Winston. She was naturally athletic - the captain and best outside hitter of her high school volleyball team. She had filled out nicely since her awkward pre-teen days. Even Winston realized that his kid sister's long slender legs were dynamite in a skirt and she was the only girl he'd seen that actually made those strange women's volleyball bathing suit bottoms actually look good. In fact, male fan attendance at the girls' volleyball meets had increased dramatically when word got out about his hot little sis.
Overall, Jessica's dark hair, large green expressive eyes and general facial features made her look very much like a young Jennifer Connelly, circa Career Opportunities. The likeness was uncanny, with one particular difference - one that chafed her to no end - Jess had small boobs. If her bikini tops were any indication, Winston estimated them at an A-cup. They were cute, round, and perky. Still, she raged at their smallness.
Boobs aside, Jessica was literally a model, or had been. She had done a fair amount of print and TV clothing modeling in her early teens. For awhile there, she was a go-to model for department store advertisements for jeans and skirts. Her perfect little heart-shaped ass could make just about any clothing look good.
Her parents had put a stop to the modeling when Jess's high school grades had slipped though. It took up so much time that she didn't even put up much of a fight - a blessing. Jess's particular blend of smart, pretty, and bold meant she usually got her way with their parents. She also wasn't above a little dirty pool when it suited her either. For these qualities, their dad called her "the irresistible force."
Winston was her flipside - stable, cautious, rock solid and honest. Winston was, and always had been dependable. When he put his mind to it, he could even manage to keep his sister in check. Their sometimes comedic battles growing up inevitably led to him being dubbed "the immovable object."
During what would have otherwise been a quiet family dinner the night before Winston went back to school after his spring break, Jess dropped her sizeable bomb.
"I'm having breast augmentation surgery in three months. Right after I graduate. I want it over with before I start college in the fall." She said it casually like she was commenting on the weather and she did it just as Winston had stuck a forkful of cake into his mouth. She seemed to enjoy doing this sort of thing while he was trying to eat.
"What?!" cried everyone at the table.
"Out of the question," their father objected.
"I wasn't asking permission, Dad. I was letting you know."
"We are not financing this," he replied calmly.
"No prob. I'm paying for it." And there was the trump card his sister had never played. Jess's modeling stint had brought in some pretty good money for a little over three years. Their parents put three quarters of it towards her college. The last quarter they'd given her and she'd stuck it into a savings account. She'd never touched it. Not even a penny. She drove their mom's old car and waited tables on the weekends with her friends for spending cash. It was almost like she'd forgotten about the money.
In the middle of what should have been a titanic blowup, their mom kept quiet. It was partly out of her habit of deferring to her husband, but mostly because she didn't have much of a leg to stand on. She'd had the same surgery ten years earlier. Small boobs, and a desire to remedy that perceived flaw, ran in the family.
"Who's doing it?" her mother asked instead.
"Dr. Nelson." Jess delivered the reply smoothly like she'd been expecting the question. She had expected it and she'd sought out the same surgeon who'd operated on her mother. Even Winston had to admit that was pretty slick.
"Nobody will be around to help you with post-op care. You're mother and I are going to be away for the whole summer," their Dad reasoned. He was taking a sabbatical from the university and they were both headed to Africa on a series of safaris and archaeological tours. It was a legitimate point but it was also a sign that Jessica was winning the argument. The dispute had shifted towards a challenge to her timing.
Jessica smirked, there was a clearly an answer in waiting for this too. "Winston will take care of me." She turned to smile at her brother sweetly. "Won't you, bro?"
"Huh?" was all Winston could get out.
His mother did a better job of articulating the awkwardness of the situation. "He's your brother, he shouldn't be..."
Jess cut her off. "Pfffh, he's gay. I'd be more worried if I was his brother and getting a penile implant. Plus, he's at least partially qualified - he IS studying to be a nurse."
"For the hundredth time, I am NOT gay," Winston seethed.
Jess brushed off his frustration. "Whatever. Are you going to make sure I don't die or end up permanently disfigured or not?
Winston briefly considered suggesting that their Aunt Barb could come and look after Jessica but the irony was she actually was gay. And frankly, she was a bit of a wackadoo. She talked about alien abduction. A lot. Nobody rushed to sit next to her at holiday dinners.
Winston weighed the available choices. He knew his sister well enough to understand that changing her mind was not an option. His parents couldn't back out of their trip - a small fortune was tied up in their summer-long plans. His sister's friends were sweet but, frankly, none of them were terribly bright - they were a collection of cute jockettes. They'd be no help either.
After circling the predicament, Winston finally let his own self interest tip his decision - he had been looking forward to the approaching summer completely unsupervised. He knew his sister was too. If he agreed, there'd be nobody around to spoil it.
"Fine," he sighed, "I'll do it."
"Thanks, Tunny," his sister said softly.
Winston looked up immediately for two reasons.
First, the genuine appreciation in Jessica's voice was nearly unrecognizable. He realized it was a sad commentary on their relationship that jeers and sarcasm were the norm and kindness felt out of place. But right now Jessica's gratitude was real. No sarcastic remark followed. She didn't roll her eyes either.
Second, and more importantly, "Tunny" was a nickname that Jess hadn't used for him in years. When she was little, Jessica couldn't pronounce "Winston" so she'd latched onto its last syllable "ton" and that eventually became "Tunny." He watched her nod then exhale slowly. Her shoulders relaxed too. He felt her smooth leg brush up against his under the dinner table. When their eyes met again, she mouthed the words "thank you" at him silently.
He only then understood that this had been the last potential weakness in her plan. If he'd balked she might have been screwed. She had been depending on him to come through for her. This was an interesting turn of events.
They cleaned up after dinner and everyone went their separate ways that night.
The next morning, Winston was heading back to college. Jessica helped him load his things into his car. As they were trading goodbyes, Winston said his peace.
"Jess, about your surgery…"
She smirked. "What about it? My mind's made up, Tunny. No changing it. I've been thinking about this for awhile."
"I know better than to try to change your mind, my little pigheaded sibling. It's just... if you're doing this has anything to do with the teasing I used to give you."
"You mean how you called me 'LT' - 'Little Tits' that one summer? The whole summer?!"
"Yeah, I'm really sorry about that now."
"Thanks, Tunny. That means a lot. But no, I'm doing this for me. I want a nice big set of boobies," she made a funny face as she held her hands out in front of her slender chest.
"Fine, just don't go freakishly big, okay? You're pretty already, sis. Go too big and people will only be looking at your chest. They'll miss out on the rest of you."
Jess's hazel eyes went large and soft at the unexpected compliment. "That was one of the sweetest things you've ever said to me. I'll think about it. No promises. If it makes you feel better, it might help if you call me 'BT' for a little awhile after it's done. It might soothe my pride."
"That has got to be one of the weirdest requests you've ever made."
"Meh, it's a girl thing. How would you know, what with being gay and all," she needled him.
"That's it, I'm leaving before we get into a fight."
"Suit yourself. Be good at school OK? Don't suck too much dick."
"Yeah, Yeah. I love you too." And off Winston drove to school.
~~~***~~~
Almost three months and a decent round of finals later, Winston came home. His parents had hopped their flight to South Africa two days before to join their first safari of the summer. He called his sister from the car on the way home to let her know he was coming.
She bounded out the side door to greet him as he pulled in the drive. Winston's eyes tracked up her incredible long, tapered alabaster legs sheathed in a small pair of khaki shorts. Her tiny blue tank top showed a bit of her smooth flat belly. Her long dark hair was damp and gathered in a loose ponytail that swung wildly as she dashed across the driveway to crash into him as he got out of his car. She hugged him fiercely.
In the crush of her embrace, he felt the full length of her tight, athletic body. His sister was a firm in all the right places. He also smelled her rosemary-mint shampoo. She guarded that shampoo jealously. He flashed back to her shrieking at him a few years ago when he'd used some out of curiosity. She'd smelled it on him immediately and flipped out. Smell sometimes triggered odd memories for Winston.
"Err... happy to see me then?" he said, a little confused. What had come over her?
"Very happy! This is day number one of the best summer ever," she said into his chest.
She was in good spirits. He credited it to their parents' absence and the fact that her boob surgery was only two days away.
She helped him carry his stuff inside and even up to his room.
"You unpack. I need to shoot mom and dad a quick e-mail. I promised I'd tell them when you got here."
"Okay," Winston watched his sister leave, still wondering at her improved behavior.
Over the next half hour, he unpacked his things and shoved the assorted duffel bags into the closet. He was sitting at his desk stuffing books onto the bookcase above it when his sister gently knocked on his doorframe. Her eyes kept darting down to her feet shyly. Her cheeks were a little flushed.
"Tunny, I kind of have a favor to ask. This is going to sound weird but Doctor Nelson wanted me, well, you to do something before my surgery."
"Yeah?" Winston had resumed stuffing books away.
"You... ah hah ha... you need to look at my boobs," Jess stifled a nervous giggle.
"Huh?" his head whipped back to her. She had his undivided attention now.
"So you have a reference point," she winced. "So if something looks funny later you'll be able to tell."
"Seriously?"
"Hey, what do I know, I didn't argue with the guy. He's the surgeon," she shrugged.
"I, ah, okay," Winston wrapped his head around what was going to happen. "So... when do you..."
Jess didn't answer. She just took two steps forward and her hands drifted to the bottom hem of her little tank top. She looked up from the floor finally and her eyes locked on his. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth and gnawed at it gently.
"What? Now?" Winston asked.
His sister nodded. She started pulling her shirt up, exposing more of her smooth flat belly. She paused, and through the shirt she pleaded with Winston, "First, promise no laughing or teasing okay?"
"Promise," Winston replied fidgeting in his chair. His sister was beautiful and like any normal heterosexual male who laid eyes on her he'd wondered what she looked like naked. Now, with very little warning he was going to find out.
She resumed pulling her shirt off. Winston held his breath. Jessica's round pert little breasts popped into view. They were the definition of perky. Their skin was a smooth unblemished ivory like the rest of her. Her light pink nipples were perfectly centered on each breast. His mouth fell open. Lord, his sister truly was hot as hell. He used the moment it took for her to get the shirt over her head to compose his face.
"Soooo... these are my boobs," she said sheepishly, nodding her head. Her lips were pressed together in a line.
"Yep... those are my sister's boobs," he chuckled, "Sorry, I was laughing at what you said, not at your body. You're a good looking woman, sis."
"Thanks. There's more though. The doctor says you have to touch 'em beforehand too so if you need to pulpitate me..."
"Palpate," Winston corrected automatically.
"Yeah, that's it, palpate me after the surgery you'll be able to tell if something's weird."
"So, you want me to feel you up too?" he smiled, trying to make light of the situation. Humor had always been his defense mechanism for awkward situations. Hers too.
"Doctor's orders." She shrugged as she stepped forward until she was barely a foot away from Winston. Seated, he was eye level with her chest. "Try not to enjoy yourself too much. If you switch sides, you'll piss off your boyfriend." She smirked.
Winston's hands, thankfully perpetually warm, rose until he began to gently touch his sister's left breast with the first two fingers of each hand as he had been taught. Her breasts were warm and soft but firm. If his hands shook a little, his sister didn't notice or pretended not to. She looked at the bookcase behind him as he worked, feeling first one breast then switching to the other one.
Reluctantly, he let his hands fall away. "All right. I now know what your boobs feel like."
Jess looked down to meet his eyes again and smiled. "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Hey," she reached over him to his bookcase. The sudden forward movement brushed her right breast against Winston's forehead. Winston stiffened in various places in response. "Ooops, sorry. I was reaching for this." She held his little digital camera. "Does this thing still work?"
"Yeah."
"Here, take a few 'before' pictures of me? So I can remember what I looked like before my new superboobs." She handed him the camera and stepped back.
Winston knitted his eyebrows together.
"Go on. You can e-mail them to me."
He snapped a front picture of her. She turned to each side. He took more pictures. She got a bit silly and started posing, making funny faces, pushing her boobs up between her arms, then cupping them in her hands. Two dozen pictures later, she thanked him, picked her shirt off the floor and left.
Winston was left sitting in his room. Less than an hour from getting home, he'd seen his sister topless, felt her boobs, and now had pictures of her to boot. What was it his sister had said - "this is day number one of the best summer ever"?
Day number two would top it. He didn't even have to wait all that long.
It was late the next morning, nearly noon, and Winston was finally fighting off the vestiges of his hangover from drinking while reuniting with his high school buddies the night before. Jessica knocked on his closed door then opened it a crack to peek inside.
"Can I come in?" She entered before he had a chance to answer. The hangover together with what his sister was wearing slowed his response. She was wrapped in a bath towel. The fluffy white terry cloth covered her tall slender body from just above her breasts to just a couple of inches below her crotch. Her wet hair, now black, was swept to the side to rest on one perfect, porcelain shoulder. A picture of her like this in a catalog would sell a lot of towels.
"Sure come on in, talk quietly though?" he whispered, "Headache. Bad headache."
She grinned. "Too much fun last night?"
He nodded slowly, squinting his eyes.
"I have another favor to ask. In your weakened condition maybe it's not a good idea," she said cryptically. She turned to leave.
"What is it?" he asked before she got to the door.
"It's pretty crazy."
"Crazier than yesterday?"
"Yeah. Okay, try not to freak out, but I could really use your unbiased opinion on something."
"Sure."
"I need you look at my... stuff."
He raised an eyebrow.
"My hoo-hoo," she resorted to the word they'd used as kids.
"Why on earth..." He sat up in his bed and the blanket fell away. He was bare-chested. He noted that his sister's eyes darted down over his well-defined stomach and chest.
"Doctor Nelson offered to do any plastic surgery I want on my... stuff... when he does my breasts tomorrow."
"Wow, sis this is... this is..."
"Come on, you're the only one I can ask!"
"Why do you want to know what I think about that?"
"You want the list of reasons? Okay, first, you'll be honest 'cause you're not trying to get in my pants. Second, you've probably seen more of these than I have so you can make a decent comparison. Third, and don't get a big head about this, but you're kind of in my target demographic - you know, 'cute college boy.' Fourth, and most importantly, you can keep a secret."
"That was a lot of reasons."
"I like to think I'm a reasonable girl," she smirked, twirling a bit of her damp dark hair in one finger.
"Ha ha. All right, I guess if this what it takes to keep you from having your privates hacked to bits, I'll have a look."
"Really?"
"I've already seen quite a few..." he paused, "...hoo-hoos." He suppressed a grin at the silliness of her word choice. "And as a nurse I guess I'm destined to see hundreds more. I'll just add this to the list."
"Thanks bro." She took as step back and leaned back against his desk, her hands sliding to the bottom of her towel. "Ready?"
Winston sighed and rubbed his eyes with his palms. "As ready as I can get."
Jess started giggling.
"OK, why are you laughing?" he asked.
"Sorry, I think I'm just a little nervous. Plus you should see your face. You're about to see your sister's cooter and you have this incredibly serious expression on."
"I'm trying not to think about it that way. I'm trying to be clinical. This is my clinical face."
"Oh, gotcha. Well, here goes." Jessica slowly lifted the towel until her small, barely-furred sex came into view. She had shaved most of her pubic triangle. The little bit of hair that was left was close trimmed short. Her labia were tiny and the same delicate pink color as her nipples. Like the rest of her, Jess's adorable little pussy was essentially perfect. Winston stared in admiration, the image burning into his brain.
He was quiet too long. Jessica fidgeted. "Well?" she asked, looking down at herself.
"Don't change a thing," he whispered.
"You sure?" she leaned back further against his desk and hunched herself forward. Her entire sex was visible now. Incredibly, she reached a hand down and spread her labia open for him to see. The bared pink flesh inside was smooth and delicate and deeper pink.
Winston's heart skipped a beat and his mouth went dry. "Positive."
She looked up from her crotch to her brother. "You can't see from all the way over there. Come closer, I don't have any cooties."
Winston, hypnotized by his sister's display, pushed forward to the end of his bed where he laid down on his stomach and propped his head with his hands. He was about three feet from his sister's bare sex.
"So, nothing needs fixing?" she asked. "They can, you know, shrink lips and stuff. Do I need it?"
"Not in my opinion."
"What about that freckle?" she pointed to a small dark circle in the delicate curve where her thigh met her groin.
"You've always had that freckle."
"You remember my freckle?"
"Sure, when you were like four years old, you went through a phase when you liked to run around naked in the backyard. Mom and Dad kept checking you for ticks and commenting on your freckle. I don't know, it stuck in my head."
"I was thinking about letting them remove it with a laser."
"Keep it. It's cute."
"Aw, that's sweet. So nothing needs to change at all?"
"Nope."
"Promise?"
"Yeah."
"Hold on," she turned around quickly to bend at the waist, placing one hand on his desk. She thrust her bare ass at him, closing the distance between them to barely two feet. She looked at him over her shoulder. "How about from this angle?"
It was a more wanton pose than Winston was prepared for. Her ass was mostly obscured by the towel she still wore, but he could see the unbroken vertical line of her pussy lips disappear beneath its cloth. If anything, the partial coverage made this perspective more provocative. "Still good," he choked out.
"Wait a second, lemme get this out of the way." She abruptly stood and pulled the towel off, dropping it to the floor. She was now entirely nude. She bent over again, this time well beyond perpendicular until her shoulder touched his desk. She was looking back at him through the space between her long lean ivory thighs. She slid her feet outwards until they were more than shoulder width apart. She went up on tiptoe and the sleek muscles of her hamstrings and her little heart-shaped buttocks played beneath her flawless, pale skin.
Her, well, her everything was on complete display. Absurdly, she was still all business. "Okay, you said 'good.' Now, is that 'good' as in 'OK' or 'good' as in a guy will get crazy hot when he sees me like this?"
It was impossible to be clinical about this. Winston masturbated to images less graphic than what she was showing him now. He was getting lightheaded. "Ummm... the second one. Crazy hot." He felt heat rising to his cheeks.
"You're sure? 'Cause, I want to be a hottie."
"You're already there, sis."
"Awww, that was sweet too," she beamed, "Now, how about just above my girlie goods?"
"Huh?"
"You know, my bumhole."
His eyes darted up to the tiny pale star nestled in her asscrack before he could stop himself. "What about it?"
"Does it look good too?"
"It looks like what it should look like."
"Don't get difficult on me now. You've been really helpful so far. Does it look sexy? I mean, if you weren't my brother, would you want to lick it?"
"How could you possible expect me to respond to that question?"
"Just be honest. What do you have to be embarrassed about? I'm the one standing here naked. Girls can get their buttcracks laser-bleached. Should I do it? I mean, would you lick it?"
He was giddy with irrational lust and still reeling from the hangover. "Probably... if I wasn't your brother."
"Eh, what do you know, you're practically gay," she grinned, still looking at him through the triangular space between her thighs.
"That was a cheap shot." He grimaced.
"Sorry, you're right. That was below the belt. If you want, I'll let you take a picture of me like this too."
"Jess!"
"Okay, just kidding," she stood up and bounced happily over to him. "Here, hugs to make up." She stooped to hug him awkwardly because he was still lying down.
"Umm, sis?"
"Hmmm?"
"You're naked."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." She picked up her towel and darted out his bedroom door.
She was barely out of view before she doubled back and rushed to him as he rolled onto his side and he tried to gather his wits after what had just happened. His wit-gathering failed because she knelt and kissed him. It was the same quick, soft peck on the lips she used to give him years ago as children.
"One up," she whispered. And the years melted away for a moment because that was how they scored their games of stolen kisses.
He was speechless, gaping at his nude kid sister.
"What, you don't remember our game?" she pouted, standing up.
"Of course I do, it's just..."
"Hmmm?"
"Jess, honey, you're still naked." Her crotch was at his eye level and he nodded his head towards it while trying not to look.
"Ahh! Right! Sorry!"
She darted back out of his bedroom, leaving Winston so dazed and confused that his hangover was forgotten.
Thankfully, the rest of the day was relatively normal. Although he caught his sister looking at him now and again and smirking to herself.
The next morning, he drove her to the hospital for her surgery. He dropped her off at its entrance. "Sure you don't want me to come in and wait with you?"
"Nah, I'll be fine. This will probably take all day. If you want, you can stop in to visit tonight. If not, I'll call you to come pick me up tomorrow when I'm discharged."
That night, Winston did visit his sister although she was completely out of it from the general anesthetic and pain killers. He talked to the nurses and they told him everything went well. He parked himself in the chair next to her bed and watched the TV in her room for a couple of hours. His sister's only recognition that he was there was to reach over to take his hand when he rested his arm on the bed. They held hands while he watched TV in silence. He left when the nurses kicked him out because visitor's hours were over.
The next day, he collected his sister when she called. He wheeled her to his truck and together they slowly and carefully transferred her to the passenger seat. At home they put her to bed. It was piled high with pillows so she could sit mostly upright.
He stopped in on her throughout the day, making sure she was getting enough fluids and giving her the prescribed antibiotics and pain relievers.
By that night, she was already looking fairly normal.
He made her a corned beef sandwich, her favorite, for dinner. When he rested the plate on her lap, he paused to sniff at his sister. "Jess, there's no way to put this delicately. You stink."
She grinned weakly. "I'm not an expert but I think your bedside manner might need work. You're right though, I do stink. My last shower was two days ago."
"Want to try a sponge bath?"
"Really? No fooling?" She looked like a starving person being offered food.
"Sure, I could use the practice."
"Oh, that would be awesome! I feel all grimy and gross."
While she ate her sandwich, he gathered a large bowl of cool water, a bar of mild soap, a few washcloths, and a couple of huge towels. Together, they managed to get one of the towels beneath her to keep the bed from getting soaked.
He gently washed her hands and arms. At his urging, she crunched forward a little and he managed to carefully slip her oversized t-shirt off one arm at a time. Beneath it, her chest was wrapped snugly in a tensor bandage.
"Want me to wash your face or would you rather do it yourself?"
"Do you mind doing it? I've actually been enjoying this. I bet your sponge baths will be popular someday." She closed her eyes and he gently cleaned her face.
She couldn't see him with her eyes shut so he took the opportunity to really look at his sister. Her long dark lashes were pretty. She had great lips too. Even her earlobes were cute. Whether he meant to or not, Winston invariably compared prospective girlfriends to his sister and they always came up wanting.
He patted her face dry and took a small tube of moisturizer from off her nightstand then quickly smoothed some on his sister's lips. Its sickly sweet coconut smell made him hungry. "We can't have your smoocher getting chapped. You'll have a lot of boys waiting to pucker up when you get through this." He was laying the compliments on a bit thick. Besides, his sister already had her pick of her classmates.
She opened her eyes and looked at him meaningfully. "But I don't want a lot of boys. I just want one good one. And trust me..." she let that pause go for a couple of heartbeats, "they're really hard to find."
The genuiness of her comment hung in the air. It made Winston uncomfortable. He changed the subject. "All righty, it's time to wash 'The Girls.' Think I'll need a bigger washcloth?" He tried to brighten the mood; humor still his best shield. "Let me know as soon as anything hurts okay?"
Jess nodded as he carefully unwrapped the tensor bandage. "Tunny, this may sound kinda weird, but I'm glad you're going to be the first boy to see them."
"I'm not a boy right now, I'm a nurse."
"You're always a boy to me." She smiled weakly. "And always my big brother."
He didn't reply. Instead he finished unwrapping her chest. It took every millimeter of self-control he could muster to keep a poker face. Sure, there was a lot of healing to do, but he could already tell his sister's new boobs were fantastic. Great, add this to her beautiful face, impossibly long legs and glorious tush. Jess had just piled on one more ridiculously hot thing about her for him to try not to think about. Her new breasts were large, gravity-defying teardrops. They sat a little high right now, but when they settled in she would be ready for a centerfold.
"Well?" she finally asked because her brother was so quiet.
"Hmmm..." he tried to look thoughtful, "Well, should the right one be green on the bottom?"
"What?!"
"Just kidding. Everything looks fine. Looks like you at least kept the size down to something realistic looking."
Jessica bit her lip. "Dr. Nelson called them 'a very generous C.' He wouldn't go any bigger."
"Well, I think you're still definitely eligible for that 'BT' nickname you asked me for this spring. Want me to get you a mirror so you can look?"
"No. Yes. Maybe. Ack, I don't know."
"If you're willing to take my word that everything is okay, I suggest you hold off another day or two until you've healed a bit more. You might freak out a little right now, there's some mild bruising."
"Okay."
"Time for more washing. Ready, Stinky?"
"Hey, I liked 'BT' better," she groused.
"No telling which nickname will stick," he sassed. Their banter helped distract Winston as he began washing his sister's shoulders. When she cooed happily, he let it became more of a massage, stroking her muscles awhile. He washed under her arms as well.
"Lean forward a little. I can get part of your back at least." She struggled a bit, her stomach and chest were sore. He continued with the soapy massage then rinsed her with the unsoaped wet cloth. She leaned back onto the bed with a sigh.
He paused with the washcloth. Okay, it was time for the boobs. He wasn't ready. Would he ever be? He composed himself and ever so gently washed his sister's chest. She winced a few times when he carefully dabbed at her sutures but she didn't say anything. He re-bandaged her and helped her pull on a fresh t-shirt.
"Okay, onto the bottom half." He draped the other large towel over top of her from the waist down for a measure of modesty. She managed to get her sweatpants and underwear started down off her waist before it got too uncomfortable for her to bend forward.
"Help?" she winced. "It hurts to reach."
Winston had to de-pants his sister. A blend of thrill and horror ran through him. He quelled it and reached under the towel for the waistband to her pants at her hip and slid them downward a bit from the side. It was awkward. When they were close to her knees, without thinking, he reached into the middle of the sweatpants to grab them by the crotch. His hand hit the warm center of her panties and he stiffened slightly in surprise. They were soaked. Not sweaty soaked because they were wet only at the crotch. They were horny girl soaked.
No mistaking it, his sister was aroused by his attentions. "It's the painkillers," he told himself. "She's half delirious."
Winston pulled her sweatpants out from under the towel and purposely threw them into the wash basket way on the other side of her room. If he was right, they'd reek of her arousal and he did not need that sensory input right now. He was having a hard enough time dealing with seeing and touching his sister.
He forced these thoughts from his head and focused on washing his little sister's cute feet. "How's that? Too rough? Too soft?"
"Oh just right, it feels amazing. I might take a long time to recover. You may have to do this for months."
"Nice try. You'll be up and around in a couple of days."
He worked his way up her slender ankles and her sleek, toned calves, then her knees. He rolled her covering towel up as he went. He did a pretty good job staying detached again until he got above her knees and started in on her slender, toned thighs. They were silky smooth, flawless and muscular. It was impossible not to have sexual thoughts looking at them and feeling them.
"God, when did my sister get hot thighs?" he wondered to himself.
He must have moved his lips because Jess asked "What was that?"
"Sorry, I guess I was trying to figure out when you went and got all pretty on me."
It was an unguarded comment that made him cringe as soon as it tumbled from of his lips.
There was a pause as the compliment registered with Jessica, and she smiled sweetly. "Thanks brother dear. I do hope you aren't going to say that to all your patients. You might be up on harassment charges," she teased.
At the same time though, she met his eyes and spread her legs a bit. It was a silent invitation for him to continue washing up her thighs.
To be sure, Winston wanted to hear her permission, so he asked. "You fine with me washing your naughty bits?"
"You sound like Mom," Jess grinned. It was true. His occasional resort to a British euphemism was an affectation he'd picked up from their anglophile mother. He didn't even realize it sometimes.
But Jess hadn't answered his question. He smiled and waited patiently until Jess's porcelain cheeks flushed pink and she nodded slightly. "Please? It might kill me to reach down like that."
"No prob," he shrugged, switching smoothly back to American slang. But, dammit, there was a 'prob.' He was about to touch his sister's pussy. It had been virtually impossible to get over seeing it a few days ago. Now he had to touch it? He tried to think about something else.
Jess misinterpreted his hesitation. She looked hurt and embarrassed as she began to slide her legs closed. "If you don't want..."
"No, I want," he reached forward to stop her knees from closing. "Wait, that didn't sound right. I mean, I'm fine with..."
"I know what you meant bro," she smirked. "And thanks. Really. I don't think many guys would be excited at the prospect of washing their sister's goods."
Ah, but that was exactly his problem. He wasn't many guys and he was very excited at the prospect of washing his sister's goods. He just wished he wasn't.
He rolled her covering towel up a bit more and reached beneath it with his washcloth-covered hand, intending to start at her vulva, get a little lather in her pubic hair and gently work downwards to her 'goods' proper. His plan went awry when his washcloth slicked against perfectly smooth skin.
The surprise had shown on his face before he realized it.
Jess giggled. "I wondered how you would react. I got waxed down there the afternoon before the surgery silly."
"Why?" he blurted out.
"Why do you think? 'Cause it's summer and that means bikini season. Plus, all the hot studs that are going to do me will complain about getting hairs in their teeth if I don't. Don't your boyfriends make you shave your goodies?"
For once, Winston was so grateful for a round of I'm-a-slut-and-you're-gay that he did something completely different. He actually played along. In his best lisp he responded, "Sweetie, they are so grateful to get a piece of my grade 'A' cock that they're happy to deal with a few hairs." It distracted him well enough that he could quickly soap her crotch.
Jess grinned. "Really?!"
"No! I'm not gay!" He said, exasperated. He came back to her with a second towel to rinse her, both of them aided by the distraction of their banter.
"Pfffft, I meant about the grade 'A' part."
"How should I know? I don't have a lot of comparative data."
"Show me and I'll tell you."
"What?"
"Come on, you saw my stuff! Hell, you're rubbing it right now."
He was. And now he became all too aware of it. He finished and withdrew his hand from beneath the towel before responding. "Look, you got naked so I could help you decide whether or not to get more surgery. Of course I looked at your bits! I'm not having anything done to my junk. No reason for me to drop trousers on you sis." In his nervousness he was ping-ponging transatlantically for his euphemisms.
"Well, it would make me feel less weird about being naked in front of you for all this. We'd be Steven evens."
The last two words of her retort tugged at his heartstrings by making him think of when they were kids again. It was another Jessica-ism. Like her inability to pronounce 'Winston' or 'spaghetti' (she nearly hit high school before she stopped saying "puh-sketty"), Jess had mixed up a few common phrases like "even Stevens" when she was little. She'd twisted it into "Steven evens."
"No deal chickie."
"You suck," Jessica whined.
Winston grinned. "I told you, I'm not gay."
His sister giggled despite herself. "I meant generally."
"I know what you meant." In the pause, he stooped to kiss her on the cheek. "I'm going to go downstairs and grab a bite to eat. You need anything?"
"No, I'm OK. Hand me that black bag before you go though? I've got my iPod and stuff to read in there. I'm all TV'ed out today."
Winston left with the bowl and washcloths. He took the stairs down two at a time. His head felt clearer the further he got from Jessica. His heart and his cock were begging him to go back though. He could handle the second traitorous body part easily enough. When he got to the kitchen he unrolled two paper towels, undid his pants, and masturbated into them. The towels. Not his pants. It took about 5 seconds for him to finish. Now, that just left his heart. No fix for that.
He reheated some leftovers and watched a baseball game. It ran into extra innings and he fell asleep on the couch before it was over.
He woke up in the middle of the night and went upstairs to check on his sister before going to bed. Not wanting to disturb her, he didn't turn on the light on his way in. He damn near fell on his ass when he stepped barefooted onto a small, hard cylinder on her wood floor. He found the offending object and picked it up to look at it against the small amount of light coming in through her bedroom window. He jerked it back down when he realized what it was.
Holy crap, it was a vibrator. His sister's vibrator. Now what?
Winston did two things next that he instantly knew that he would deny to his last breath. He'd lie to the Pope if he had to.
First, he lifted that vibrator to his nose and sniffed it.
Second, he licked it. Sweet. Tart. Tangy. Just a tiny hint of musk. It tasted like sheer heaven.
What would happen if the most fantastic smelling, the most fantastic tasting, pussy you ever came into contact with was your sister's? Your little sister's? (Nah, don't incriminate yourself. Let's stick to Winston's case). Winston's cock hit 110% on the stiff-o-meter.
His sister masturbated with a vibrator.
Yep, his sister masturbated with a vibrator.
He had to think it twice for the idea to penetrate fully.
He looked around. On the floor next to her bed was the black bag he'd handed her before leaving to go downstairs. She must have knocked it off the bed in her sleep. It was bad luck that her sex toy was the one thing to fall out into the open. Out of curiosity, he twisted it at the base to turn it on. It didn't. It was either broken or... he snickered to himself... she'd run down the batteries. He tucked it back into the black bag and slipped out of her room.
Here's what Winston missed because he was nightblind when he entered her room and so thrown off by his discovery: Jessica was awake for his brief visit. Unlike her brother, her eyes were quite adjusted to the dark. She saw what he did with her vibrator and barely managed not to gasp as she watched. She'd already been having trouble falling asleep. Her brother's sponge bath had left her in sweet agony. Out of frustration, she'd tried to masturbate with the vibrator but her stomach and back were too sore to do it comfortably. Yet more frustration. She'd thrown her toy to the floor to break it and for him to see. What she saw her brother do only made it harder for her to sleep.
The next morning when Winston checked on his sister he found her already awake but looking tired. "Want another washing today, BT?"
Jessica smiled. "Don't get me wrong, the sponge bath was fun, but I'd kill for a shower."
"No showers until tomorrow."
"How about a real bath then?" she pouted.
"A bath is possible if we're extra careful to keep your sutures above the water. I'll go fill it up."
"Fill mom and dad's tub? I want the big tub. And bubble bath."
"Sorry, can't have bubbles."
"Ugh, how about that milk bath stuff of Mom's then?"
He thought about it. "Don't see why not."
He went into the master bath and started running hot water into the tub. He doused it liberally with lavender milk bath. When it was full, he helped his sister out of bed and they slowly walked together into their parents' bathroom.
He'd seen her naked but still looked away as his sister disrobed carefully. His effort to give her privacy was wasted when she cried a quick "Help!"
She was having trouble leaning over in order to step up over the side and into the tub. He lent her one hand and steadied her shoulder with the other from behind. He got a long look at her perfectly heart-shaped ass as she stepped in with one leg.
"See anything you like?" Jess said wryly. He looked up. She was grinning at him in the large mirror on the opposite wall over the bathroom's double sink.
He stammered that he was watching her get in the tub, not ogling her butt.
"It's okay Tunny, it's actually kind of a compliment. Guess my booty is so sweet that even my big brother can't help checking it out."
"Yeah, and umm... I'm gay."
"That's right, you're gay," she gave him a funny, challenging look.
Together they gingerly eased Jessica into the tub. When she tried to lean back, they hit their next problem. Their parents' extra long tub was too long for her to reach the other side with her feet and stay upright. Jessica nearly slipped too far into the water.
She winced at her brother. "Now what? Sitting upright like this really hurts. I need to lean back."
"Gimme a sec, I'm thinking. We need something big you can lean back against."
"You're big..."
"Yeah, but I can't reach across the tub."
"Tunny, are you being dense on purpose? I meant you could get in the tub with me and I could lean on you."
"Oh, uh well…" he said uncertainly.
"Come on, it'll be like when we were kids and Dad threw us in the tub together."
He hesitated. "Jess, I'm not sure I can..."
"Jesus Christ, get in this fucking tub, Tunny! My stomach and chest are killing me!" Jessica wailed, her body twitching at the effort to staying upright.
Winston stripped down to his boxers and hopped into the tub behind his sister. He swung a leg over the other side of her and settled down, then pulled her back to lean against him.
Jessica exhaled slowly as the bruised muscles in her torso relaxed. "I'm really sorry I yelled," she said quietly after a couple of minutes.
"Heh, that was a pretty good one. I haven't heard you scream like that in years," he replied gently. He briefly recalled the tantrums she used to throw.
She settled herself into him until her upper back was pressed against his chest. Her head lolled at his shoulder. She sighed happily as she rested the side of her face onto his chest.
His sister's dark hair brushed his cheek, tickling Winston's beard stubble. Her bare chest was well above the water and just beneath him, he was looking down her shoulder. Jessica's new breasts were large and firm and perfect. There was no fighting his body's natural reaction under these circumstances so he didn't. His erection struggled to grow to its full eight inch length, pushing its way up his sister's lower back. She shifted slightly to let it finish hardening then leaned back against him to trap it between their bodies again.
"Well, it feels grade 'A' anyway," she whispered.
"You're not helping, Jess."
"Sorry, thought you'd like to know though."
"Thanks sis."
"Turn off the lights, Tunny? I'd like to soak in the dark for awhile. That all right with you?"
"Sure." He flipped the light switch next to him and the bathroom went pitch black. With any luck, the situation would be easier if didn't have to look at his absurdly hot sister.
Winston was wrong.
He couldn't see her breasts anymore, but things got worse because… well, what happens when you can't see? Yep, his other senses sharpened. He smelled her more intensely now. Her hair was musky - they'd have to wash it soon - but it was a good musk. A young woman's musk. He heard her every breath too. Even her breathing was cute - innocent belly breathing through her nose and mouth. He felt her every twitch. He felt his own heartbeat too. This was not relaxing.
Perhaps having the same problem, or sensing his, Jessica started humming softly. He focused on the sound to drown out the other sensations. It took him a minute to recognize the tune. It was the lullaby that their Mom sang to them when they were little. Even that was English. No "rock a bye baby" for the Kendall kids. No sir-ee. That would be too damn normal.
"Do you realize what you're humming?" Winston asked his sister.
"Mom's lullaby right?"
"Do you know the words?"
"Mmmm... no I don't remember."
"It's called 'Lavender's Blue.' " He cleared his throat and sang the first verse, the only one he could recall:
Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green,
When I am king, dilly, dilly, you shall be queen.
Who told you so, dilly, dilly, who told you so?
'Twas my own heart, dilly, dilly, that told me so.

Jessica chuckled. "You remember the weirdest things. The freckle next to my cooter. Now Mom's lyrics."
"Yeah, I guess it popped in my head because we're sitting in this lavender bath stuff." Another memory prompted by a scent.
"Funny. You know, I'd be your queen Tunny. Like in the lullaby, I'd be your queen."
It was his turn to chuckle.
"Push my back up a sec?" she asked as he laughed.
He helped her upright and she used that opportunity to plant a palm on his chest and twist into him. It was dark and they were talking about lullabies so he didn't see it coming. She kissed him - that quick, soft peck on the lips that scored their game.
"Two up, Tunny," she sighed and he swore she lingered a moment in the perfect dark just millimeters in front of him because he felt her warm breath exhale out onto his face and the cool vacuum of her next breath inwards. She finally turned her back to him and reclined against him again. "You're not as good at this game as you used to be, I think you're rusty."
The intensity of her closeness, their mutual near-nudity, and the dark gave him the courage to say what he was thinking. "I'm not even sure what game we're playing anymore, Jess."
"Same game, honey." She searched for his hand under the bath water and took it. She squeezed it gently. "Just higher stakes."
They lingered in the dark, in the bathtub, each thinking their own thoughts. Jessica went back to humming their Mom's lullaby.
Winston's head was a swirl of emotions. They shared so much history. Was it helping? Or was it hurting?
Thankfully, the bath began to get cool.
"Ready?" He finally asked. "I'm turning into a giant wrinkle back here."
" 'Kay," came her short, soft response. She sounded disappointed that their bath time was ending.
Leaving the lights off, he carefully helped her from the tub and slipped out of his waterlogged boxer shorts. He toweled her dry from head to toe, grabbed another dry towel, and wrapped her in it.
Then he flicked the light on. Ooops. He'd been so focused on making sure his sister was dry and covered that he forgot about himself. He was standing there completely naked. Their eyes met for a millisecond and Jess immediately looked down at his erect eight inch cock. He saw her eyes go wide in surprise just as he flipped the light switch off.
"Whoa, that definitely looks grade 'A' too, brother dear," she snickered in the dark.
"Very funny. Show's over. Now go get in bed. I'm putting on a towel."
"Awww..." she whined as she made her way back towards her bedroom.
He wrapped a towel around his waist then followed her to her room.
"Stay with me some more?" his sister pleaded.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jess."
"Please? I'm having trouble sleeping. Just watch TV with me?"
"All right, at least let me put on some pajamas."
"Yay! Slumber party! Could you microwave some popcorn too?"
Before he left he watched his sister, still wrapped in the towel, carefully get into bed.
He returned in a few minutes with a big bowl of popcorn and hopped onto the bed to join her. He noticed the towel she'd been wearing was folded at the foot of the bed. He hadn't helped her dress.
"Sis, what are you wearing under those covers?"
"Practically nothing."
" 'Practically nothing' or nothing."
"The second one."
"Si-is!" He made it a two syllable whine.
"Oh come on," she rolled her eyes, "you can't see anything. Besides, you've already seen my entire body anyway. Plus, the fresh sheets you put on the bed feel wonderful against my skin."
"I give up," Winston sighed.
"Finally," she cheered, "now gimme some popcorn."
He passed the popcorn and the TV remote. It was still her room, after all. She inflicted the Lifetime channel on him mercilessly. As a defensive measure, he fell asleep.
He woke up when he heard his sister breathing funny and he slid one eye open. The TV was on, lighting the room, but the volume was muted.
As his mental sleep fog began to clear, he realized Jessica's hands were moving beneath the covers. That, combined with her breathing and well... his sister was clearly masturbating. But, if he was reading her face correctly in the poor light - her lips pressed tightly together, her dark eyebrows scrunched together too - she looked kind of pissed. Was she having trouble getting off because he was in bed with her? Or maybe, he realized, it was because she'd broken her vibrator. He wondered if she could satisfy herself without it.
She groaned softly in frustration and stopped, apparently giving up.
He pretended to shift in his sleep and wake up.
"You still awake, sis?" This was obvious because she was staring right at him.
"Yeah," she huffed.
"What's the matter, still can't sleep?"
"No."
"Want some warm milk or something?"
"No."
"Look, I'm not saying it's smart but there's some left over Vicodin in dad's medicine chest. I can give you one. It might zonk you out enough so you can get some rest."
"No."
"I hate seeing you like this kiddo. Sure there isn't anything I can do?"
"Anything? Would you... would you buy me a vibrator?" she blurted that thought out so fast it sounded like one long word run together.
He automatically parroted it back to her for confirmation before he realized what he was saying, "Buy you a vibrator?"
"Mine broke," she sniffled, "I'm so used to playing with myself before going to sleep that I'm all messed up now."
"Aw jeez, sis."
"I know, I'm sorry but I'm climbing the walls. It's actually getting worse."
"Even if I could bring myself to buy sex toys for my sister, the only adult shop anywhere near here is down on route 52 and," he glanced at her alarm clock that read 1:15, "they closed at midnight."
She looked at him funny.
"Let's not talk about why I know that," he smiled.
His self-effacing humor made Jessica stifle a laugh.
"Looks like you're screwed missy. Or not screwed, rather," He joked again, hoping to turn her mood around.
It worked and she followed his humor like he'd hoped. "Then just go get Dad's gun and shoot me," she said melodramatically.
She looked around for the TV remote. It had slid down towards the foot of the bed. She leaned forward a bit to grab it but couldn't quite reach. He stirred and leaned over to grab it for her.
It was a trap. She kissed him the quick soft peck on the lips.
"Three up," she grinned. "Now say it," she said smugly.
"Oh come on."
"Say it."
"I don't even remember how it went."
"Bullshit, you never forget anything. Now say it."
Winston sighed. He affected his most preposterous theatrical British accent and recited the ritual offering of stolen kisses: "And what favor would my Lady Who Is Most Sneaky ask?"
Jess responded in a voice even more outrageous than his, a high-pitched, trilling accent. "The Lady's boon shall be... " but Jess paused.
"Tunny, I can't say my boon in my little girl voice because it would be really wrong." She looked in his eyes and he felt the weight of what she was trying to say. "I need your help. I need you, Tunny. Tonight. Do you understand?"
"Sure sis, you know that..." he trailed off when he realized what she was asking.
"I don't need romance, Tunny. I need satisfaction. You won't even have to do much."
"Aw jeez, Jess..."
"I just need you to touch me a little. Nothing crazy."
"Other than the fact that I'm your brother?"
"Yeah, there's that. But I think that's actually going to help. I feel safe with you."
"Help you. Not me!"
There was a long pause. Jessica let her large soft green eyes show her need.
"Fine, where do you want me to touch you?" He relented.
"Where do you think? Come on under the covers." She lifted the blankets and he slid under them with her. "Now get closer. Cuddle in next to me."
He curled his body into his sister's side. "Like this?"
"Good, now give me your right hand." She drew up the leg nearer to him at the knee until her foot was flat on the bed. She slid his hand from her hip along her thigh, caressing herself with him to her knee. Then she slowly drew his hand down the back of her leg along the long firm muscle of her hamstring. His breath caught a bit as her hamstring transitioned smoothly into the smooth curve of her right butt cheek.
Jess circled two fingers of his hand and drew them slowly across to her sex. He felt the smooth delicate folds of her outer lips. When he felt the moist heat of her opening, Winston gasped.
"It's okay, silly, you've washed my entire body, including this."
"You're crazy. This is way different."
"Yeah, I think you're right, this is different," she giggled. "This is way better. Feel how smooth I am after waxing? I really like it. It feels sexy. Okay, now we'll just barely slip your fingers inside me."
She sighed as she teased her entrance with his fingers then slowly pushed them into herself. "Good, right to there. Stop. Not too far. Perfect. Don't move 'em unless I say so. Got it?"
"Got it."
"You can breathe though, you know. "
Winston hadn't noticed he was holding his breath and let out a nervous exhale. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little tense."
"Relax. Don't be nervous. You're doing great. I'm enjoying this. It feels... Tunny... this feels really, really right to me. Is that weird?"
Winston chuckled nervously. "It's your hormones talking. You'd say that to the twelve year-old kid who delivers our newspaper if he was in my place right now."
"Maybe," she giggled again.
"Tunny?"
"Yeah?"
"I love you," she said simply. She turned her head to softly kiss his nose. It was a sweet but absurdly chaste gesture given where his hand was.
"I love you too, sis."
She closed her eyes and settled herself. He watched her lick her lips, her little pink tongue darting out to trace their outline. It made Winston wince. He watched quietly as his sister began to masturbate. His eyes darted between her flushed face and the outline of her hands moving beneath the concealing blanket.
At one point, on pure instinct, Winston began to move his fingers in and out a little without realizing it. Jessica's eyes immediately flew open and she shook her head. "No," she whispered hoarsely. He nodded and held still.
A minute later, his sister's body began to move jerkily. Her breathing had become quick and shallow.
"Tunny, tell me to cum?" his sister whimpered.
"Go ahead and cum, Jess."
"More. Tell me more."
"Let it out honey. Let it out and be happy."
"Dirtier."
Winston blurted out what he was thinking. "Cum on my fingers, Jess. Let me feel your perfect little pussy cum all over my fingers."
"My brother's fingers," she moaned. That did it. She groaned and spasmed. Her twitching walls clutched at the two fingers just inside her. Winston had to bite his own lip to keep quiet as he watched her vibrate through her release.
"How was that?" he asked as his sister finally relaxed.
"Wonderful," his sister opened her eyes and looked at him. They were glazed and her pupils were huge and dark.
"I'm glad." He gently eased his fingers from her. "Maybe now you can get some rest..."
Jessica frowned. "Not yet, I need more."
"What?"
"What can I say? I'm not really a one-and-done kinda girl. I usually go at least twice. Do you have any condoms, Tunny?"
"Whoa, no I don't. Do we really need to..."
"Shit. And, yes, I know what I need right now. How's your willpower Tunny? Oh god, why am I even asking? You're like a walking pyramid of willpower. That's half our problem..." she muttered that last part to herself only semi-cryptically. "It doesn't have to be a big deal, I'm just going to borrow the first inch and a half of your grade 'A' thing for a couple of minutes. Got it?"
"Let me see if I have this right, you're going to use my real thing as a substitute for your fake thing which you need in order to properly fantasize about getting the real thing and have another orgasm so you can sleep."
"Yep."
"Right. Great. This makes perfect sense," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be mean. It'll make it harder for me to relax."
"You're serious... why do you need me to do this?"
She turned to look at him. A lock of her dark hair covered one eye. Her ivory skin glowed in the light of the television. "Am I pretty?"
She had to know the question was rhetorical. "Yes," he said softly.
"Do you love me?"
"Of course."
"Did you lose at stolen kisses?"
"Yes.
"Do you want to help me?"
"Yes."
"Then let's stop talking about the 'why' and get down to the how." She looked at him a little more seriously. "Besides, frankly, at least one part of you is really enjoying this. I felt your nice, big thingie poke me in the side a few times."
She reached down and gently inserted her hand into the waistband of his pajama bottoms. He didn't move to stop her as her fingers circled his erection. The unfamiliar and illicit contact between his sister's hand and his cock made his head spin. His eyes slid tightly shut. So wrong. So very wrong. She stroked his end a few times, distributing his pre-cum, then grabbed the waistband and hauled it down over his hips. His erection sprang free.
The boldness of her move made Winston's eyes fly open and fix on his sister's face. She was staring at him intently, her mouth hanging open. She pursed her lips and exhaled as she drew his cock beneath her raised leg and towards her opening. He felt the heat radiating from her entrance before she placed him to her hot wet sex. They were just barely touching.
"Hunch into me a little?" she whispered.
He curled more tightly into her. Slowly, painstakingly, she rubbed him at her opening. She was warm, slick, and tight. So tight that he had to help by pressing into her steadily. It was the most intense feeling of his young life as he entered her. She gently but insistently stopped him before he was two inches inside her.
She was panting already. "Wow. That's good. You're ah... don't take this the wrong way, but you're nice and meaty in the way it counts. I feel stretched."
"Jess!"
"Sorry, but it's true. Okay, seriously, no cumming, Tunny. As bad as this is... as bad as what we're doing is... if you come it would be really bad. Okay?"
"'Kay," he choked out. This was going to be even more difficult than he thought. He might as well never had sex before. The sensation of being inside of his sister made sex with other women pale by comparison.
He felt her hand moving above his shaft, playing at her clitoris again. Periodically, she traced a few fingers down around his girth to gather moisture from their leaking intersection to continue her masturbation.
For the first two minutes Winston forced himself to think about anything not sexual.
His sister interrupted his focus. "Tunny? Can you get on top of me? Please? It feels funny from this angle. It's unbelievably good though. I'm going to cum really hard, I can tell already."
He slipped out of her briefly then rose and slid between her legs. She carefully pulled him back into her, no further than before, and went back to masturbating. He looked down at his beautiful kid sister's face, flushed with excitement. He fought the urge to lean down and press his lips to hers. He made the third and fourth minutes by exerting his considerable willpower.
Moving into the fifth minute, he starting formulating a way to tell his sister that he needed a break before...
Hallelujah! She rescued him with her second orgasm. Moaning a steady series of softly grunted "Ugh hugh ugh hugh, yeah," she jerkily rocked forward and back in her enormous release. To his relief, her orgasmic rocking caused him to pop free from the warmth of her vagina.
Unfortunately, his respite was brief because on one of Jessica's downward rockings his slickened shaft slid up between her asscheeks and skidded up along the crack of her ass. Instead of objecting, Jess, still cumming wildly, rocked herself up and down further, trapping his cock between her firm buns. She continued touching herself, riding out her orgasm.
Winston couldn't help himself. His resolve was already in shambles from holding out inside her. No harm could be done like this and it felt too damn good. He began to push forward to meet her.
Jess finally came to her senses and realized her brother was moving against her urgently. She continued rocking up and down gently with him. "Can you come like this?" she asked softly as they hunched together. She clenched the cheeks of her ass, massaging his cock with her sleek, muscular buns.
"Definitely," he groaned, looking down at her hungrily.
"Then do it," she said, her expression soft and affectionate.
"Are you sure, sis?"
"Absolutely, it's only fair. You were was so good, so patient, for me just now. I know it probably just about killed you. I owe you. Go ahead, hump my little teen butt and get off too. We'll be Steven evens."
"You're horrible."
"Yeah yeah," she grinned a little, "keep humping, buddy. Just not too rough. It hurts my boobs when they bounce." She carefully held her chest in place with her arms.
It was barely another minute before he came, and dear Lord he came, he jerked himself back and away from her and quickly grabbed the towel off the bed to wrap himself in its terry-cloth. Immediately, he was wincing with the force of his own orgasm. He pulsed into the towel in heavy throbs of thick semen. It felt like he was ejaculating molasses. He couldn't remember ever coming this hard before.
When he finished, he was panting. His head hung limply from his shoulders.
"Was it awesome for you too?" his sister finally asked, looking up at him. Her voice was already sleepy.
"Very."
"I'm glad. Good night, Tunny," she turned her head to rest on the pillow and closed her eyes. "And... thanks."
"Good night, sis."
He gingerly removed the now cum-soaked towel from them both and looked away as he fixed her blankets. Given what they'd done, he'd seen very little of his sister's nude body. He flung the towel into the wash basket on the other side of her room. He padded barefoot back to his own room and threw himself on the bed. Guilt gnawed viciously at him for what had just happened.
~~~***~~~
He must have fallen asleep because he woke up to daylight and the feeling of his sister's lips pressing softly into his. "Hey, I was sleeping," he groused. "No points for a sleeping smooch."
"I know," she replied softly. He didn't need to open his eyes to know she kept her face just fractions of an inch from his. They traded a few breaths. It was an intimate moment and Winston's cock stirred involuntarily. When he opened his eyes finally, her bright eyes - hazel at the moment - occupied his entire field of view.
She rubbed her nose against his in a quick Eskimo kiss then retreated. He blinked as he looked at her. She was wearing his green cotton bathrobe. "I smooched you because I'm happy. I finally got a great night's sleep and today is New Bra Day!"
No mention of what they did last night? Winston wondered if they could ever put that completely behind them.
In the meantime, Jessica was right. It was the third day after her surgery and she was supposed to switch from the tensor bandage to a non-underwire bra. She dragged him out of bed and led him over to her room where she pulled the top drawer of her dresser open.
"Look, sis, about last night..."
She didn't even look up. "What about it? I needed help and you were there for me. You're a good brother, Tunny. Always have been."
"That's it?"
"Yup," she said simply. "Feel free to beat yourself up about it, but that's how I see things. Now, can we talk booby-holders?" she cried gleefully picking around the drawer's contents. It was filled with nearly two dozen sets of new underwear. The bras were sized for her new breasts - she'd clearly gone shopping beforehand.
Jessica's eyes were darting everywhere. "I can't decide. You pick. Which one is going to be the first to hold my new superboobs?"
He was at a loss, still reeling from her casual acceptance of last night's - what was it? Mutual masturbation, he guessed. He also didn't know much about bras. "Uhh... how about this one?" He pointed at a pretty, white lacy one.
Jessica laughed. "A push-up demicup? You're such a boy. I'll wear that one for you later. Right now I need something with support, dummy."
She rifled through the drawer and pulled out two bras. Both were full-cupped lacy affairs but one was black and one was electric blue.
He'd always liked blue. "That one." He pointed to it.
She turned her back to him and loosened the robe. Then she careful donned her new bra. "Oh this is awesome," she chimed, pulling it gently into place.
"How so?"
"I used to have trouble filling out an A cup. It was annoying having gappy underwear. I had to be careful matching some sweaters with the right shaped bra. Ugh, I hated it," she grumbled. "But now, I am seriously filling out this bra. I've got extra cleavage in a C-cup!"
She spun to face him, holding the top of the robe open. "Check it out."
"Whoa." It was all he could get out. The roundness of her creamy white breasts overfilled her bra slightly, pressing together into a tight cleavage above it. Her pale skin against the electric blue was... well... electric.
"You like?" She shrugged her shoulders and her chest swung minutely.
He gawked a little and found his voice, "I think you could hypnotize people with those things."
"Really? People? Anyone in particular? Like you perhaps?"
No point in denying it. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm 'people.' "
"Good. Now hand me the matching panties."
He did. They were small and lacy. There wasn't much fabric to them.
Bending over slowly, painstakingly, she stepped into them and pulled them up and on beneath the robe. She flung the robe off to stand in front of her brother.
"How's the whole package?"
He gave his best, cheesy wolf whistle. "You'd have your pick, but I'd go with Perfect 10."
"Huh?"
"The magazine. Don't get me wrong, Playboy and Penthouse would take you too, I'm just saying."
"Dork. Want to be the first to get a new, big boobie hug?"
"Sure," he said as she slid the two steps into him and pressed herself gently against his body.
"How's that?" she giggled.
"Nice." He looked down over her shoulder at her ass. The lacy electric blue panties weren't a thong but they were quite brief. Half of her buttcheeks were uncovered. Her tush looked delectable. "You're tarting up the panties a bit there too sis. Mom might freak when she sees them in the washer."
"You said that if I got big boobs that people wouldn't notice the rest of me. You had a point, so I'm emphasizing my sweet little tush a bit extra."
"That wasn't the point I was trying to make."
"I know. But I derive a certain satisfaction out of twisting your honorable intentions to my own devious ends."
Her cheeky response rang so true that it made him pause for a moment. "Sis, I'm having that printed on a t-shirt for you to wear around. It could be your life's slogan."
"And I'd wear it," she snickered. "But for now, here's your fair warning Tunny, I'm not putting any more clothes on than this for today. I want to enjoy my spiffy new body. Think you'll survive?"
"Sure. I'm a... what did you call me?"
"A pyramid of willpower."
"Yeah."
"And you're gay," she reminded him with a smirk.
"Sure, I'm a big ol' gay pyramid of willpower."
She giggled. "Speaking of which, there's a bone I've been meaning to pick with you for awhile now."
"Hmmm?" he covered his mouth against a stolen kiss as she leaned into him.
Instead, she whispered into his ear, "Why didn't you tell me that cum tastes so good?"
"Dammit it, Jess!"
"Haha. Gotcha. Come on, I'll make you breakfast. When is the last time you had my patented oatmeal?" She ducked out her bedroom door and down the stairs.
With Jess gone, Winston's eyes sought the cum-soaked towel from the previous night. It was his very own Tell-Tale Heart, he could practically hear it throbbing: "Bad brother. Bad brother. Bad brother."
It took him a moment to locate the towel because it wasn't in the wash basket he'd tossed it into last night. Jess must have moved it. It was on the bed now. "Wait a second, had she been talking about the taste of his cum?" he wondered before crushing that down with a heavy mix fear, revulsion and disbelief. He shook his head and followed his sister down into the kitchen.
Jessica's patented oatmeal had less to do with oatmeal and more to do with the maple syrup, brown sugar, honey and assorted dried fruits (raisins, cranberries and chopped apricots) that she added lustily. Oatmeal was just a binder. The stuff was essentially sugar-based rocket fuel. Winston loved it, but then his sweet tooth was almost as big as hers.
He sat at the kitchen table and watched while his gorgeous, half-naked teenage sister stirred the oatmeal on the range top with a wooden spoon. Her small blue-pantied ass swayed back and forth enticingly. She glanced back at him occasionally to smile and, he began to realize, to make sure he was still watching her. If she'd been wearing high heels too, the scene would have looked like the improbable beginning to a porn movie.
"She's going to wear you down," the thought bubbled into his head, unbidden. Like an enormous burp, it belched up from his subconscious. This part of him knew what the rest of him was denying vigorously. It made him bite his lower lip. His sister wanted to do things with him. Well, they'd already done things. But she wanted to do more things. Things brothers and sisters shouldn't do. Now she had a new and improved body working for her.
He wondered what would hurt her feelings more. Giving in to her seduction? Or resisting it? He pushed these thoughts away too.
They ate their oatmeal at the kitchen table, chatting about their plans for the day. Jessica was supposed to lay low for another 24 hours. She'd be able to venture out tomorrow. In the meantime, Winston had errands to run: grocery shopping, drugstore, post office. He offered to swing by the video store and pick up a few movies for her.
"Yeah, get something I would like?" Jess brightened.
Winston knew what that meant: chic-flicks.
"Anything else you need while I'm out?" he asked. His mind was on last night's plea to buy her a new vibrator.
"Nah, I'm good." She shrugged as she picked up his empty bowl and hers and moved to put them in the dishwasher.
Winston was relieved. He had not been looking forward to purchasing a sex toy for his sister.
"Hey, when you get back, can we figure out a way to wash my hair?"
"Sure."
Winston ran his errands. He came back with groceries and two sappy movies for his sister.
"Up here!" Jessica called from upstairs as he finished putting stuff away in the fridge.
She called him into the bathroom. She was still wearing nothing but her bra and panties. She'd switched into the identical black set. Apparently she was serious about being barely dressed for the foreseeable future. The black stood out against her perfect ivory skin. It also looked a bit sluttier. It took him a moment to tear his eyes away from her and realize that she had set up a plastic folding chair backed up against the tub.
She waited patiently without comment as his eyes raked her body. She enjoyed her newly acquired ability to distract him. "Do you think it will work for a shampoo? I can lean my head back and you can use the hand rinser."
"Looks good to me. When do you want..."
"Right now please. I can't stand myself any longer."
He chuckled and reached past her to turn on the water and let it warm up. After a minute, he told her to lean back and let the hand rinser's spray touch the back of her neck. "Good?"
"Perfect."
He wetted her hair down with the warm water and squeezed a good-sized glob of his sister's rosemary-mint shampoo into his palm.
"Oooohhhh," Jessica cooed happily as he began lathering her hair from the back of her neck, standing next to her. He soon realized why salons have setups where the shampooist can stand behind the basin. It was awkward shampooing from just one side. He couldn't see what he was doing on the opposite side.
He swung a leg around the front of the chair and easily straddled his sister. Being tall had a few advantages. When he glanced down he was looking directly at her cleavage. He wondered how long it would take for him to stop noticing it.
For her part, Jess didn't move. Her eyes were still closed. She looked ecstatic at finally getting her hair washed. And the truth was, he was enjoying it too. It felt intimate without being sexual. He liked being close to her. He lost himself in rubbing and lathering his kid sister's pretty hair.
When every strand had been soaped squeaky clean, he began rinsing her down. He started at her front hairline and worked downwards. As he made his way down towards the back of her neck he lifted her head. They repeated the procedure with the matching conditioner.
Towards the end, he noticed his crotch was getting warmer. He tried to ignore it. With her hair sexily wet and smelling of fresh rosemary-mint, Jess's attractiveness was getting to him again.
He wondered what it would be like if he'd had an ugly sister. Would he feel the same way? No point in wishing for the impossible. Without meaning to, he glanced down for another peak at her barely clad body and...
"Jess!!!" he cried.
She had leaned her head forward into him as he straddled her. Her face was millimeters from his denim-covered crotch. Her mouth was open and she was panting warm breath into the fabric over his groin.
"Aaahhh, sorry!," she said. "I was just... I'm sorry. It was just right there and I... I'm sorry."
"What got into you?"
"Come on, I didn't actually touch anything!"
"Still!"
"Look Tunny, the truth is you started getting hard before I started breathing on you like that. It's what caught my attention. So you're the one who turned this into a sex thing. I was just enjoying a nice wash." She wrapped her hair in the towel. "No harm. No foul. Thanks for the shampoo. Once again, you prove you're the world's best brother." She smooched him, a quick peck on the lips, and then left.
"No points for the kiss," he called after her, "I saw it coming."
"I know," her answer echoed down the hall, "but you didn't cover your mouth or move out of the way did you?"
She was right. He hadn't. She was winning the larger game.
He hid in his room and read for the next few hours until dinner.
They made a quick supper of pork chops and instant stuffing then sat down to watch one of the movies he'd rented for her, Chocolat. He'd seen it before and figured his sister would enjoy the blend of romance and imaginative story. She did. She teased him about being pretty good at picking out chic flicks.
They raided their parents' liquor cabinet to make rum and cokes then stretched out on the family room's two couches to watch the next movie, Shakespeare in Love. Again, he had calculated it to be satisfying for Jessica but survivable for him. He hadn't seen this one.
An hour and two stiff, icy rum and cokes later, the still barely-clothed Jessica crawled onto the floor and towards Winston's couch. The view of her swaying bra-clad breasts and lace covered ass as she made her way over was hot as hell.
"I'm cold," she whispered from the floor, her face inches from his. He smelled her rummy breath.
"You're not wearing any clothes. Of course you're cold. Want this blanket?" He lifted the large throw blanket under his feet.
"Yeah." She took it from him but instead of returning to her couch, she wedged herself onto his. She pulled the blanket over both of them and turned onto her side to see the TV.
"Jess?"
"I'm freezing. You're warm. This is much better and you know it," she said tipsily.
Winston didn't have a lot of options, he could either stay on his back and stare at the ceiling or spoon in behind his sister and resume watching the movie. And it was a pretty good movie. He spooned.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't notice when Jess got off the couch to get them a third round of rum and cokes. He was pretty buzzed. She must be getting hammered by now.
He definitely noticed when his sister got up and fixed them a fourth round because, on her return, her naked ass went by as she settled back onto the couch to spoon with him. She also smelled of coconut. He recognized the smell. She'd been moisturizing. Her smooth, uncovered butt wiggled against the front of his pajama bottoms as she got situated and pulled the blanket back over them.
When she settled, he asked the obvious question. "Sis, you're not wearing any panties are you?"
"Nope. The sexy new lacy ones I was wearing felt itchy. I'm used to the soft cottony or satiny kind. It'll take some time to adjust to the new ones."
"Right," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be such a prude. Wanna take your jammies off, Tunny?"
"Nooo... I'm good." As tipsy as he was, he smelled trouble.
"Sure? I won't mind."
"I'll suffer."
"Honestly, I'd go completely naked right now if I didn't have to wear the bra what with the surgery and all."
"You're killing me, Jess."
"With kindness, brother dear. With kindness." She grabbed his hand, smooched it, and pulled his arm around her. They watched the rest of the movie. For a chic flick it was pretty good. Winston finished his fourth drink and Jess got up to fetch him yet another.
He got up to put in another DVD and stumbled. He was even drunker than he thought. He hadn't had rum in awhile and it was hitting him harder than he realized. The movie he stuck in was a classic James Bond film. He figured Jessica had a good run of girl movies and that she'd be asleep soon anyway. It was after midnight.
They were a third of the way through the Bond flick and he thought she'd fallen asleep when she whispered, "Tunny, I'm horny."
Winston's attentions were split between fighting off a vicious case of room-spins and trying not to get a complete hard-on while watching a scantily clad Britt Ekland work her on-screen magic and having his sister's bare ass pressed against him. "Generally or specifically?" he replied absently.
"Specifically. Like right now. I don't suppose you got me a new toy while you were out?"
"I asked you if you needed anything this morning and you said no."
"I didn't think of it. I don't think of vibrators while I'm having my morning oatmeal."
"I'm not going through what you put me through last night," he said preemptively.
There was a long pause.
"Actually, I don't think you have to. You know what we did after I got off?"
"Yeah," he'd never forget grinding along the smooth tight crease of his sister's perfect ass.
"I really liked it. I think I could come just doing that. If I hadn't had two humongous orgasms just before, I probably would have gotten off again." She wiggled her ass back into him until his hardening, pajama-covered cock was caught between her firm little buns.
"Sis?" he slurred the question.
"Please? You can leave your clothes on this time if you want, I promise. The rum and the romantic movies and snuggling with you for the last couple of hours has me pretty wound up. Just hold still. If you feel like it, you can help by humping back against me."
"Fine."
She ground back against him for a few minutes and, against what was left of his judgment, he found himself pressing back into her. They humped for several minutes. He was soon panting into the back of her neck.
She turned her head to ask him something and in his inebriated state he misunderstood her intention. He kissed her - a long, hard searching kiss that made her gasp into his mouth. It was their first lovers' kiss. She parted her lips in invitation and he slid his tongue into her mouth, playing it across her teeth. She teased him back with her own.
He broke their kiss. "I'm getting raw," he whispered, "need to take my pants off okay?"
"Do it," she said hoarsely. Actually she'd been about to ask him if he minded taking them off when he kissed her.
He shimmied free of his pajama bottoms and spooned back into his sister. She wriggled back against him until he was trapped again between her ass cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact was intoxicating in a way rum could never be. They resumed humping. Her crease was soon slick with his pre-cum. By the way her elbow was moving beneath the blanket, he knew his sister was rubbing her clitoris.
Jess said something so softly over her shoulder that he had to ask her to repeat it.
"I said, 'do you know where you are right there?' "
He had only been following the roughened texture on instinct. He realized now that he had been twisting against her rosebud during their humping. "Oh, wow, sorry."
"No, it's okay, it actually feels kinda good. I just didn't want you to get grossed out."
The late hour and the rum made him honest: "Jess, there is absolutely no part of you that I find gross."
"That was sweet, Tunny. Okay, more humping please. I'm most of the way there."
They resumed their grinding. Soon, the tip of his erection caught on the dent of her sphincter and he was lined up perfectly. They both froze.
It was Jess who broke the silence. "Push a little, Tunny?"
He gently hunched towards her, barely able to breath, barely able to believe what she was asking him to do. His cock was pressed firmly against her backdoor. Even through the rum haze he knew this was wrong on multiple levels. It just helped him not care enough to stop.
"Little more?" she whimpered.
He felt her rear entrance begin to give way. Felt the barrier spread into a tiny circle. Felt that tiny circle yield to their combined pressure as she helped by gently wriggling backwards into him.
His sister grunted a soft "ugh" just as the head of his cock slowly slipped into her ass. Her clit hand moved in a frenzy between her legs. The penetration was enough to bring her orgasm on in a rush. She went rigid, her hand continuing to circle her clit. She curled into a ball, heaving a delighted "God yes!" as her orgasm rolled over her. Her curling motion pulled her away from him and he slid free of her ass.
Winston waited patiently as she caught her breath. She turned her head and she kissed him.
"That was sooooo good. Thank you." She looked at him, her eyes glinting happily. She saw his distress, it was written across his face. "Steven evens again?" she asked, kissing him, her tongue tracing along his lip wantonly.
When he finally nodded, she wriggled her ass back against him and he resumed grinding up between her asscheeks.
Inevitably, his tip was rubbing at the loosened, rougher flesh of her rosebud again.
He angled into it instinctively to maximize the contact and he caught himself at her entrance.
"You want to go inside again, honey?" she asked, her hand drifting to his hip.
"Yessss," he hissed softly.
She reached back and took his warm hard length in her hand. She centered him on her ass.
"Push a little again, Tunny."
He entered her more easily this time and she released her hold on his shaft.
"Can I have more this time?" she asked over her shoulder. "I… I kind of like this," she whispered.
He slid almost three inches of his eight inch length into her. Her rectum was furnace-hot and absurdly tight. It was also slicker than he expected, but then again he didn't have much experience in this department.
"Does this feel good big bro?" she asked, her voice was strained.
The question had to be rhetorical, he realized even in his drunken state. "Uh huh."
"Want to try more?" she offered quietly.
"God, yes."
She pressed back against him as he pushed into her. Inch by inch, he slowly slid his cock another three inches into her back passage.
"Oh my god you feel huge," Jess whimpered and paused, "Tunny, honey, I want… I want all of it… all of you inside me, okay? Hold still."
She resumed her backwards press and together they drove his entire length into her until his groin was pressed into her buns. They both realized that they'd been holding their breath.
"You okay, Jess?" he asked, just now worrying about hurting her with his slightly over-sized tool.
"Uh huh. You're so deep. So very, very deep. Gimme a sec," she panted. "Okay, now do me."
"Like, gently or..."
"However you want. I've already come and I can tell I'm going to come again pretty soon no matter what you do. This feels fantastic."
He began sawing a few inches in and out of her tight rectum gingerly.
She urged him on, reaching back to pull his hip into her. "It's all right Tunny, I won't break. Take me. Take my ass. Your little sister's ass. It's yours. I know you like it. You've been admiring it for years. I've been saving it for you."
"I don't want to hurt you, sis. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wait, you haven't done this kind of thing before have you?"
"No, but it's okay. I... err.... I prepared. The coconut you smell, I put some of my lotion up inside me... where you are. Thank god I did. You're really big. And it feels really good like this - all nice and slippery."
"Why you little..."
"Yell at me later, Tunny. Right now, fuck me."
He began to sodomize her steadily. Jessica slid a hand between her legs and began to touch herself again. Winston watched the blanket move as she masturbated. Then the moving stopped and he felt something slender rub his cock from inside her. She was toying at the entrance to her now-dripping vagina. She teased herself and him through the thin membrane that separated her pussy and ass. She slid her other hand down between her legs and used it to frig herself at the same time.
The utter depravity of their joining and the fantastic sensations raced through them both. They came together. Winston lurched forward to bury his full length into his sister's ass, Jessica grind back against him to hungrily accept every inch. He spurted his seemingly endless supply of cum inside her as she used his cock in her ass together with her fingers in her pussy and on her clit to stretch out her orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer.
The intensity of their release, the late hour, and the rum had them both fall asleep immediately. Neither of them so much as stirred when, a few minutes later, his softened cock finally slid free of her well-used and no longer virgin ass.
~~~***~~~
Winston woke up first. He fidgeted slightly and realized that they were literally stuck together. The brief but painful tearing sensation he caused peeling his dried, cum-coated cock off his sister's butt cheek woke her up too. She rolled over to face him and cuddled into his neck, kissing it softly.
"Morning handsome."
She was demonstrating none of the horror that Winston almost hoped she would unleash over what had happened. "Jess, we need to talk."
"About what?"
The nonchalant routine again? "About what we did last night."
"I needed you again and you were there for me. You're very dependable, brother dear." Her hand slid down his muscled stomach and bumped against his morning wood. "Feels like you're the one in need now, Tunny."
"Stop it. That's just a morning thing."
"Suit yourself, I'm going to take a shower then, I'm all covered in..."
"I know what you're covered in!"
"Come... join me," she grinned at her own pun, "in the shower. We can have more fun if you want."
"No more fun!"
"Okay, okay. But I'm still going upstairs to shower. If you want to keep yelling, that's fine, you'll just have to follow me."
He did follow her. As they climbed the stairs behind her, he fought not to stare at his kid sister's perfect adolescent ass. He followed her into the bathroom and watched as she carefully removed her bra and turned on the shower and stepped inside, closing the glass door behind her.
What words would make her understand that this was all terribly, terribly wrong? He ended up sounding more like a parent than he intended.
"Sis, this is incredibly irresponsible. On both our parts." He watched as she soaped her body and he continued to rant.
Jessica went about her showering as if nothing was wrong. When his ranting slowed, she calmly replied. "What's irresponsible about it? Nobody got hurt. We both enjoyed ourselves. I have a particularly large patch of evidence that you enjoyed yourself dried on my butt cheek over here."
"Jess, you are my sister for God's sake. Look, that first night, I wanted to help you. Last night, we got drunk. Sis, seriously, it's wrong. Really wrong. We have to stop."
"I don't see it that way. We love each other. We're attracted to each other."
"It's not supposed to be like that..."
She finally paused in her shower routine to look at him directly. The perfect, ivory expanse of her body was covered in soap lather. It ran down her flat, smooth belly, dribbled down her long tapered legs. She was an erotic dream. If only she weren't his sister!
She leveled her surprisingly serious green gaze on him. "Things have changed, Tunny. You've been in me. In fact, two out of three holes now stud." She turned and braced one hand against the shower wall then bent deeply at the waist. "Two days ago, you were here." She ran her forefinger up and down the smooth lips of her pussy. "You were there just a little. But just enough." She shivered. "It was the largest orgasm of my life. Well, until..." She traced her fingers upward and circled the fleshy knot of her sphincter, "…until last night when you were here. All the way in." She slipped the tip of her forefinger into her own ass briefly and pulled it free. "I liked it. A lot. Deny it all you want but you liked it too."
She stood and looked at him through the water beaded glass. The shower was cascading down her shoulders and streaming over her beautiful new breasts. Her eyes were emeralds, bright and fierce and beautiful. "Look at me, Tunny. I love you. I'm in love with you. And I want you. We can't take it back. I wouldn't even if I could. Would you?"
Winston didn't have an answer.
"Are you coming in with me?" she asked softly. The invitation meant more than just this one shower.
It was several seconds before Winston whispered hoarsely, "No."
Jessica's shoulders fell. She sighed sadly and shut off the water. He waited for her to open the shower door then handed her a towel. She quickly pressed her dark hair dry than wrapped her long slender body in its terry cloth.
She stepped out and stood in front of him. "If I misread you, if I am really and truly wrong about this... about us... and I've hurt what we are... I'm sorry." She leaned in and kissed him softly, gently, chastely on the lips.
"No points," he smiled weakly as she pulled away.
"That one was free," she reached up and carefully traced his jaw with her hand. She turned and left him alone in the bathroom. He heard her footsteps come back and her smirking face appeared through the doorframe. "But, Tunny, you really ought to get in the shower and wash yourself off. You stuck that big thing of yours in your little sister's dirty place."
"Jess!" he cringed as she disappeared again. But he was glad for the humor. It felt more normal, this kind of teasing exchange between them. He was smiling to himself as he took her advice and stepped into the shower.
He was rinsing off when his sister peeked in. "I'm headed out on errands. I'm looking forward to actually getting out and about for a little while. Be back in a bit."
The house felt emptier as soon as she was gone. He had one errand of his own but was back before her. He ended up whittling away the hours reading, watching TV, and checking e-mail. He sat at the kitchen table to eat a slice of leftover pizza, brooding as he chewed. As tortured as he felt with Jessica around, he was now miserable without her.
She breezed in through the back door, wearing a short denim skirt and a tight red V-necked t-shirt that put her new cleavage on display. She was carrying a few bags. "Wow, it was nice to get out of the house." She paused and smiled brightly when she saw him. "You look sad, Tunny. Don't be sad."
She plucked one of the bags from the rest and slid it across the kitchen table in front of him. "Here, I picked up a few things."
He peered inside. It held a new vibrator and a pack of condoms. He looked up at his sister and rolled his eyes.
She smiled. "Take me to bed."
"No," it came out with a little less conviction than it should have.
"Come on. Upstairs. I'm not doing it on the couch again." It was like she didn't even hear him.
"Sis..."
"I'll be in your room waiting for you. You go ahead and have your last little internal struggle down here. Then come on upstairs and make love to me. I'll be the half-naked girl on your bed."
She brushed past him and left him to his thoughts. He did struggle. It took nearly five minutes before he followed her.
True to her promise, she was there waiting for him on his bed. She was wearing a matching red satin bra and panty set. She looked like the world's best Christmas present.
"When did you know? That I'd cave, I mean." He asked her meekly.
"The first night. When you started humping against me after I started coming. That wasn't just my selfless big brother. It wasn't for me. It was for you. After that, it was just a matter of time. I was willing to work on you the whole summer, honey."
He nodded.
"Don't beat yourself up. I do win our little struggles now and then. And I put an enormous amount of energy into this one." She slid her crimson panties down her legs, revealing her smooth, bare pussy already beginning to glisten. She slipped out of her bra, freeing the large perfect teardrop breasts that now lazed on her chest. She stretched out nude on his bed and smiled. The sight of her like this made his knees rubbery.
"The good news is that I have a pretty good consolation prize for you, Tunny. Me. Come here."
He shuffled to the bed and his waiting sibling. She helped him off with his t-shirt then unbuckled his jeans and pushed them down with his boxers until she was eye level with his stiffening cock. She looked up at him as she closed the distance and touched her tongue to its tip. She grasped it with one soft hand and took its first few inches into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around it delicately.
She spat him out to give him a wicked look. "You're three for three on holes now. From here on out, we're only going to be arguing about depth."
"No more arguing," he sighed. "Where's that new toy of yours? Let's make sure it works."
"That a boy!" she beamed. She reached into the bag next to her and handed him the vibrator.
He realized now that it was out of whatever package it must have come in and the batteries were already in it. She knew what he was thinking. "It was a long drive home." She shrugged.
She spread her legs lewdly and ran her own hands down her smooth, flat ivory belly as he slid onto the bed and settled himself between her legs. His sister watched hungrily as he kissed the inside of each of her legs and then zeroed in on her smooth little teenage sex.
"Tell me," Winston teased her, his face millimeters from her sex. She could feel his hot breath across her delicate flesh.
She knew what he was after. "I want it."
"What do you want?" In for a penny, in for a pound - Winston was going to play her game.
"I want your mouth... on me," Jess panted.
"Where?"
"Here," she ran a finger between her legs and along her smooth pink lips.
"Dirtier."
She snickered. He was mirroring the prompting she'd given him their first time. "Eat me, Tunny. Lap my little clit. Make me cum. You always make me cum so hard."
He barely and briefly brushed his lips against her pussy. His tongue grazed her clitoris. Her body jerked in reaction.
"Have you pictured this?" he asked.
"Mmmhmmm..." she moaned.
"Dreamt of this?"
"Yeah..." she whined, eager for his touch.
"Lied for this?"
There was a long pause. "Yesss..." she finally hissed, "Now please, Tunny, please…"
With his sister's admission, he began working her clitoris with his tongue. Flicking at her little bud, he brought the vibrator to her opening. She was already dripping wet. He slowly twisted it into her. She was tight. He had to press firmly. At a little past two inches, he felt the vibrator push up against something. Something pliable. Some sort of barrier.
Holy Mary, Mother of...
His head snapped up to look at her in disbelief. She smiled weakly, "That's why I didn't let you all the way inside me before."
"So you want me to?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you'll do it. I want it to be you."
"Wow, okay, errr... any particular way you want me to do it? I mean, do you want me to do it now, with this thing?"
"You know I never want to wait. Yes, do it. Just like this."
"Oh boy, I was right, you are a kinky little mess."
"Yep. But now that you brought up kinky, I do have one improvement to what you're doing. Remember when I asked you to inspect my goods last week?"
"Yeah."
"Remember what I asked you if you would lick?" She carefully pulled her knees up towards her chest, it rocked her hips forward and exposed her pale little rosebud. "Do it," she whispered.
"Say what you want," he demanded again.
She didn't need prompting this time. "Lick it for me, Tunny. My ass. Lick me and rim me and fuck me open with my toy. Then fuck me for real. Take me tonight, Tunny. I've waited so long for this. I want your big dick wedged in me before the night is over."
She watched him hold the vibrator pressed gently against her hymen and duck beneath it to lap delicately at the small rose of her backdoor. She groaned and reached a hand down to circle her abandoned clitoris.
"So good," she sighed.
He continued lapping at her tiny, soft ring and began to fuck her with just the end of the vibrator. The combined sensations had her humping up and down instinctively. After a few minutes, he wormed the tip of his tongue into her ass and she started moaning at the new sensation.
At her third moan, he steadily drove the vibrator home through her hymen. Jessica gasped through clenched teeth but continued humping up and down.
"Turn it on," she whimpered.
It took a moment for him to understand what she meant. Then he hastily twisted the vibrator's base and it hummed to life in her. She jerked at the suddenly intense throbbing deep inside her. "Tunny, I'm going to come now... really big... you're still going to fuck me after this right?"
"Mmmhmmm," he confirmed from between her legs, still teasing her rosebud with his tongue.
"Good," she panted. Barely a minute later she peaked, mauling her clitoris and jerking her hips up to swallow the vibrator's length. Her upward motion speared her ass onto her brother's tongue as her body rolled in orgasm.
When her ass came back to rest back on the bed, he slipped the vibrator from her drooling pussy and tossed it to the floor. He crawled up the bed to stretch out next to her. She curled into him, still catching her breath.
"More," she whispered finally, looking up at him through dark hair that had fallen across her eyes. She rolled onto her back again and pulled him on top of her. She took his hard shaft in her hand and pressed it to her battered little hole.
Winston barely remembered the condoms. "Sis, protection first right?"
She nibbled her lip and shook her head. "I lied Tunny. I'm on the pill - been on it for the last year. Be gentle? I'm still a little sore."
He nodded. Together they carefully eased his larger than average cock into her near virgin pussy. She was tight and swollen but slick from her orgasm. She winced as he slid into her, filling her up completely. He felt his tip just brush her cervix. The contact made her shiver. They held motionless like that for several long moments. She willed herself to relax, to accept the oversized cock she'd wanted for so long. He marveled at the beautiful woman beneath him and waited for some sign to continue.
"Tunny, when my chest is healed completely I want you to fuck me from behind. Bent over your desk like I was when you were inspecting my goods. I was fantasizing about that at the time."
He shook his head with a smirk and leaned down to kiss her. When he broke the kiss, she saw him glance down at her chest.
"And I want you to fuck them too. My boobs, I mean. I want to kneel down in front of you and press them together for you to fuck with your big dick. I want your cum on my new tits."
He withdrew from her slowly, experimentally, and she groaned happily. Only half way out, he reversed and thrust back into her. She exhaled forcefully, hazel eyes wide and wild looking up at him. "So good," she groaned under him.
They fucked carefully, never building past a steady rhythm. On his downward thrusts, she rose up to meet him, grinding his full length into her. She found she liked the contact when he bottomed out inside her. When he retreated, she experimented - squeezing down with her muscles. He felt her tighten down onto him and smiled, moaning out a happy "very nice." His compliment made her glow even more.
They continued like this for several minutes until Winston leaned back to sit upright on his heels, still buried in her. "Feel like coming for me?" he asked.
"Always," she purred, and reached up to toy with her own nipples.
He brought his hands down to their juncture and centered both of his thumbs on her clitoris. He began to brush her little bud upwards with each thumb, essentially twiddling his thumbs backwards in an unending circular motion he suspected she might like.
He was, of course, right. How long do you have to love someone - how well do you have to know them - before you sense with near-certainty how to please them best without them asking? Without them even knowing how to ask or what to ask? Five years? Ten? Fifteen? How about your entire life? Winston brought this to bear now.
Jessica's breath caught in her chest at this last touch. Her brother's thick cock, the one she'd fantasized about for far too long was wedged - no, crammed - inside her. It stretched her more perfectly than she imagined because she couldn't imagine it until now.
She looked up Winston, her sweet Tunny, and her head replayed memories from their joint childhood. Thousands of shared secrets and little intimacies. Years of love, of laughter, of trust. When her brother touched her in this last, perfect way, everything rushed together. She felt something huge shift deep inside her - something so large she didn't think it was possible.
"Tunnnnnnnyyyyyy...." she keened, almost alarmed at the intensity of what was coming. "I can't..." she sobbed, actually choking a little.
"It's okay, sis, don't fight it..." He watched the muscles in her abdomen clench, release, and re-clench violently - the faint image of a six-pack appearing and disappearing beneath her pale taut belly. Her new, large breasts rocked with the clenching.
She jerked as the spasms radiated from her torso into her long slender legs and arms. "Alm-m-most ...too... too... b-b-biggg," she stuttered and wailed, arms and legs suddenly twitching, eyelids fluttering madly. She felt the undertow of her impending orgasm dragging at her, sucking at her insides. The sheer magnitude of the looming climax blotted out all thought.
"I love you, Jess," he whispered, "and I always have."
Her wave crashed, rolling her under.
"Wuu ahahahahaha," she shrieked, her slender chest heaving off the bed as her vision went white. Her smooth ivory hips jerked upwards at the same time, mashing into him, grinding up onto his cock until it crushed against her where it bottomed out. Her body remained arched like this for several seconds, her jaw clenched tight, panting through her nose loudly. Her body shuddered The rippling walls of her seizing sex dragged him along towards his orgasm. When she collapsed back to the bed, still peaking, he thrust into her twice and jerked his cock from her to fist it viciously. He grunted as he erupted mightily, jetting cum up across her belly, then onto her breasts, then up to her neck, then into the dark hair splayed across the pillow beneath her head.
He fell forward next to her on the bed where they both lay gasping for several minutes.
"You got your stuff in my hair," she finally laughed, giddy in the aftermath of the lovemaking she'd wanted for so long.
"Complain too much and I'll aim for your face next time," he threatened, reaching an arm around her and pulling her in to his chest.
"That might not be so bad," she replied cheekily. They rested a few more minutes until, lifting her head, she kissed him. She recoiled in mock horror. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go brush your teeth. All I can taste right now is my ass."
He chuckled. "You weren't complaining earlier."
They clambered out of bed and into the bathroom. He brushed his teeth while she relieved a post-coital tinkle.
When she was done, he paused his brushing. "Jess, you said you put an enormous amount of energy into this..." He raised an eyebrow.
His sister sighed. "I got you drunk on purpose last night, Tunny. The drinks I fixed... mine were just Coke. You got a double dose of rum."
He nodded, not entirely surprised.
"And you know that I actually lubed my own butt with coconut lotion just in case I could convince you to take me that way. But... I also broke my vibrator on purpose and left it out for you to find the night before. And it was my idea to show you my breasts and have you touch them before the surgery."
Winston closed his eyes and shook his head as he processed what she'd said.
"How long, Jess?" He finished brushing and rinsed his mouth while waiting for her to answer.
When he looked at her in the mirror, her eyebrows were knitted together with worry.
"How long have you been feeling this way? Working on this? Working on me?!" he said more sternly.
She winced. "I planned this whole thing. I scheduled the breast implant surgery for now so you would be home from school. So we would be alone and you would have to take care of me."
"Yeah but Mom and Dad would have been..."
"I orchestrated Dad's trip to Africa. I just had to plant a couple of seeds in his head about the British colonial period, the summer being the perfect time, their 20th wedding anniversary, yada yada."
Jess was talking in a rush now, trying to blurt it all out and get it over with.
"It started before you left for college, I saw you with your girlfriend in the backyard one night. I watched her blow you. You both looked so happy. For only a moment, I was horrified like I should have been. Then, I don't know, something else happened? I got really turned on. Then I got jealous. Seeing you like that made me realize how I felt about you. That you were more than just a big brother to me. So I started talking nasty to you. I needed to wear away at your image of me as your innocent little sister. The gay accusation stuff was a ploy too. I wanted to goad you a little - make you want to prove to me you weren't gay. I also did it to throw Mom and Dad off."
Winston finally found words. "They don't think I'm gay."
"No, but they think that I think that you're gay. And that's almost as good."
Again he felt the magnitude of his sister's effort. "Wow, okay, that's so scheme-y that it's a little scary.
She looked up at him through her mussed dark hair. "Look, I wish I could say I feel bad about all this but the truth is that I don't. Well, except... Tunny, I'm not on the pill. That was a silly last minute fib. I just really wanted you, without a dumb condom in the way. I'll go on the pill, I swear."
Winston allowed himself a little satisfied smile. "I can at least contribute on that part. I'm reluctant but I'm not dumb." He opened the medicine chest next to him and pulled out a vial. He shook a pill out onto his hand and handed it to his sister. "Morning after pill. I picked a few up at the store this morning."
She stared at the tablet a long moment. He could feel her weighing the decision.
"Kids someday Jess, just not yet. We're young. We have plenty of time to work that out. Together. No scheming, okay?"
He could tell that it wasn't what he'd said that made her put the pill in her mouth and swallow it. It was the way he'd said it. Casually. Comfortably. They were going to be together for the rest of their lives.
She knew that as soon as he said it, she could count on him. He was, is, and would always be, dependable. He was her rock. Her immoveable object - well, nearly immoveable object. That last thought made her smile to herself.
She filled a cup with tap water and took a gulp to wash down the pill. When the cup came away from her lips, he was waiting. She hadn't seen it coming because she couldn't see around the cup and she didn't think he really liked their old game anymore.
She was wrong.
He stole his kiss quickly, his lip curling up just a little smugly at one end like it did when they were kids.
"One up," he grinned.
Jessica eyed her brother carefully. Stealing a smooch in broad daylight, standing right in front of her, in a bathroom with a huge mirror in it was pretty slick. It had required a perfect sense of timing, a subtle shift in his posture to make her turn towards him and away from the mirror without her realizing it, and a keen awareness of her line of sight.
Maybe he wasn't so rusty after all. No, perhaps not quite as rusty as she'd thought.
***
How does the irresistible force move the immoveable object? Deception. It convinces the immoveable object that it isn't moving while it does. The irresistible force lies. Just a little. Just enough.
***
Post-Script: I picture incest as the sexual equivalent of getting into one of those ridiculous knife fights where the combatants are tied together at the wrist from the beginning. It instantly feels close and you get the sense that, absent a miracle, someone is going to be very badly hurt.
With that in mind, I tried to heap a few more intimacies onto the story's situation - bind the siblings tighter together - so they play a childhood game and on top of that Winston periodically recalls their shared youth. It's partly an excuse for the dumb tangents I enjoy dreaming up too.
Some people might like it. Others might not.
Vive le difference!
Author's Note: Ever have a story that screamed away in your head until you got it out? Yeah, this was like that. This is longish, but reads quickly because it is dialogue heavy. I wanted to try one big story as opposed to the multi-chapter thing. For the squeamish - there's some, you know, moderate butt stuff in places here. Sue me.
~~~***~~~
Jessica paused in the dark only a few yards from the rear of her house and crouched by the base of a large pine tree. She'd heard giggling on her walk home from her friend's house. Sure enough, her brother, less than 20 feet away, was with his new, hot, but incredibly vapid girlfriend.
"So you want to see them?" she heard the curvy blonde tease. Jessica realized the question was largely rhetorical. She wondered if the blonde could spell 'rhetorical' or use it in a sentence.
"Yes, please." Well, at least her brother was polite.
"Okay." The blonde yanked her yellow tank top over her head. "Ta-da!" Her large D-cup breasts sprang free into the cool night air.
"Wow, they're amazing," his compliment sounded sincere.
"Now pull down your pants, I'll show you something amazing," giggled the bare-chested girl as she fell to her knees.
Jessica watched as her older brother was serviced behind their tool shed. It turned out that the kneeling girl's skills weren't linguistic - they were oral. She watched as the blonde's head bobbed expertly. Instead of running away or getting nauseous as one might have expected, Jess watched with keen interest. And her mental wheels began to turn.
~~~One Year Later ~~~
"Hiya Winnie. Hey, have you ever had a guy whose dick was so big that when he stuck it in you he didn't even need to move it and it already felt good?"
The casually delivered question nearly caused him to spew breakfast cereal all over the couch. It was wrong on three levels. First, "Winnie" was just an irritating nickname for Winston. (Winston's full name was Winston Churchill Kendall. Only a history professor and his avid anglophile wife would conceive of naming their 21st century American son after Britain's greatest statesman). The point is he was a guy. And no heterosexual man wants to hear a question like that. Ever. Second, this was not the kind of talk people had over breakfast. Third, it was his baby sister asking the question.
This was a little game Winston and his sister Jessica had started to play recently. Well, it was a game that Jessica played with him anyway. It involved her surprising him periodically with nasty thoughts like this that made her sound like a slut at the same time they accused him of being gay. But he wasn't gay. And, as far as he could tell, Jess was not a slut - although you wouldn't know it based on the things that popped into her head and then came flying out of her mouth.
Her odd behavior was not entirely out of character - Jessica had always been clever in a crazy sort of way. She liked to make things up. She was good at it. She had an amazing imagination. Lately she'd been using it towards nefarious ends. Torturing Winston like this was a prime example.
It hadn't always been like that. He thought back to the days of "stolen kisses." He missed that nicer game.
Little Jess was barely seven years old - he was eight - when she explained the rules for stolen kisses to him. She even summarized the history of the game as having been played on the palace grounds by the ten illegitimate children of King William IV. She'd said she read it in some notes their Dad left out for his research into 19th century British royalty.
According to Jess, the game's object was to sneak up on another contestant and surprise them with a quick kiss on the lips. If the frontrunner got three smooches ahead of their victim, they could demand a favor. Usually it meant doing one of their chores or loaning out a favorite toy for the day. Then the kiss count reset to "even" and the game began again.
Of course, she'd made the whole thing up.
They played the game for years until she'd turned twelve. Puberty made her tall, gangly, shy and awkward. She didn't want to kiss him anymore.
As for Jess's sick new I'm-a-slut/You're-gay game, well, he chalked it up to her being bitter about him leaving for college and sticking her all alone with their parents for the last year of her high school term. But in the past six months, her comments had been getting increasingly explicit. Stuff he'd never even considered. It was a little unsettling.
The present 18 year-old Jessica was a tall beauty. At 5'10" she was only four inches shorter than Winston. She was naturally athletic - the captain and best outside hitter of her high school volleyball team. She had filled out nicely since her awkward pre-teen days. Even Winston realized that his kid sister's long slender legs were dynamite in a skirt and she was the only girl he'd seen that actually made those strange women's volleyball bathing suit bottoms actually look good. In fact, male fan attendance at the girls' volleyball meets had increased dramatically when word got out about his hot little sis.
Overall, Jessica's dark hair, large green expressive eyes and general facial features made her look very much like a young Jennifer Connelly, circa Career Opportunities. The likeness was uncanny, with one particular difference - one that chafed her to no end - Jess had small boobs. If her bikini tops were any indication, Winston estimated them at an A-cup. They were cute, round, and perky. Still, she raged at their smallness.
Boobs aside, Jessica was literally a model, or had been. She had done a fair amount of print and TV clothing modeling in her early teens. For awhile there, she was a go-to model for department store advertisements for jeans and skirts. Her perfect little heart-shaped ass could make just about any clothing look good.
Her parents had put a stop to the modeling when Jess's high school grades had slipped though. It took up so much time that she didn't even put up much of a fight - a blessing. Jess's particular blend of smart, pretty, and bold meant she usually got her way with their parents. She also wasn't above a little dirty pool when it suited her either. For these qualities, their dad called her "the irresistible force."
Winston was her flipside - stable, cautious, rock solid and honest. Winston was, and always had been dependable. When he put his mind to it, he could even manage to keep his sister in check. Their sometimes comedic battles growing up inevitably led to him being dubbed "the immovable object."
During what would have otherwise been a quiet family dinner the night before Winston went back to school after his spring break, Jess dropped her sizeable bomb.
"I'm having breast augmentation surgery in three months. Right after I graduate. I want it over with before I start college in the fall." She said it casually like she was commenting on the weather and she did it just as Winston had stuck a forkful of cake into his mouth. She seemed to enjoy doing this sort of thing while he was trying to eat.
"What?!" cried everyone at the table.
"Out of the question," their father objected.
"I wasn't asking permission, Dad. I was letting you know."
"We are not financing this," he replied calmly.
"No prob. I'm paying for it." And there was the trump card his sister had never played. Jess's modeling stint had brought in some pretty good money for a little over three years. Their parents put three quarters of it towards her college. The last quarter they'd given her and she'd stuck it into a savings account. She'd never touched it. Not even a penny. She drove their mom's old car and waited tables on the weekends with her friends for spending cash. It was almost like she'd forgotten about the money.
In the middle of what should have been a titanic blowup, their mom kept quiet. It was partly out of her habit of deferring to her husband, but mostly because she didn't have much of a leg to stand on. She'd had the same surgery ten years earlier. Small boobs, and a desire to remedy that perceived flaw, ran in the family.
"Who's doing it?" her mother asked instead.
"Dr. Nelson." Jess delivered the reply smoothly like she'd been expecting the question. She had expected it and she'd sought out the same surgeon who'd operated on her mother. Even Winston had to admit that was pretty slick.
"Nobody will be around to help you with post-op care. You're mother and I are going to be away for the whole summer," their Dad reasoned. He was taking a sabbatical from the university and they were both headed to Africa on a series of safaris and archaeological tours. It was a legitimate point but it was also a sign that Jessica was winning the argument. The dispute had shifted towards a challenge to her timing.
Jessica smirked, there was a clearly an answer in waiting for this too. "Winston will take care of me." She turned to smile at her brother sweetly. "Won't you, bro?"
"Huh?" was all Winston could get out.
His mother did a better job of articulating the awkwardness of the situation. "He's your brother, he shouldn't be..."
Jess cut her off. "Pfffh, he's gay. I'd be more worried if I was his brother and getting a penile implant. Plus, he's at least partially qualified - he IS studying to be a nurse."
"For the hundredth time, I am NOT gay," Winston seethed.
Jess brushed off his frustration. "Whatever. Are you going to make sure I don't die or end up permanently disfigured or not?
Winston briefly considered suggesting that their Aunt Barb could come and look after Jessica but the irony was she actually was gay. And frankly, she was a bit of a wackadoo. She talked about alien abduction. A lot. Nobody rushed to sit next to her at holiday dinners.
Winston weighed the available choices. He knew his sister well enough to understand that changing her mind was not an option. His parents couldn't back out of their trip - a small fortune was tied up in their summer-long plans. His sister's friends were sweet but, frankly, none of them were terribly bright - they were a collection of cute jockettes. They'd be no help either.
After circling the predicament, Winston finally let his own self interest tip his decision - he had been looking forward to the approaching summer completely unsupervised. He knew his sister was too. If he agreed, there'd be nobody around to spoil it.
"Fine," he sighed, "I'll do it."
"Thanks, Tunny," his sister said softly.
Winston looked up immediately for two reasons.
First, the genuine appreciation in Jessica's voice was nearly unrecognizable. He realized it was a sad commentary on their relationship that jeers and sarcasm were the norm and kindness felt out of place. But right now Jessica's gratitude was real. No sarcastic remark followed. She didn't roll her eyes either.
Second, and more importantly, "Tunny" was a nickname that Jess hadn't used for him in years. When she was little, Jessica couldn't pronounce "Winston" so she'd latched onto its last syllable "ton" and that eventually became "Tunny." He watched her nod then exhale slowly. Her shoulders relaxed too. He felt her smooth leg brush up against his under the dinner table. When their eyes met again, she mouthed the words "thank you" at him silently.
He only then understood that this had been the last potential weakness in her plan. If he'd balked she might have been screwed. She had been depending on him to come through for her. This was an interesting turn of events.
They cleaned up after dinner and everyone went their separate ways that night.
The next morning, Winston was heading back to college. Jessica helped him load his things into his car. As they were trading goodbyes, Winston said his peace.
"Jess, about your surgery…"
She smirked. "What about it? My mind's made up, Tunny. No changing it. I've been thinking about this for awhile."
"I know better than to try to change your mind, my little pigheaded sibling. It's just... if you're doing this has anything to do with the teasing I used to give you."
"You mean how you called me 'LT' - 'Little Tits' that one summer? The whole summer?!"
"Yeah, I'm really sorry about that now."
"Thanks, Tunny. That means a lot. But no, I'm doing this for me. I want a nice big set of boobies," she made a funny face as she held her hands out in front of her slender chest.
"Fine, just don't go freakishly big, okay? You're pretty already, sis. Go too big and people will only be looking at your chest. They'll miss out on the rest of you."
Jess's hazel eyes went large and soft at the unexpected compliment. "That was one of the sweetest things you've ever said to me. I'll think about it. No promises. If it makes you feel better, it might help if you call me 'BT' for a little awhile after it's done. It might soothe my pride."
"That has got to be one of the weirdest requests you've ever made."
"Meh, it's a girl thing. How would you know, what with being gay and all," she needled him.
"That's it, I'm leaving before we get into a fight."
"Suit yourself. Be good at school OK? Don't suck too much dick."
"Yeah, Yeah. I love you too." And off Winston drove to school.
~~~***~~~
Almost three months and a decent round of finals later, Winston came home. His parents had hopped their flight to South Africa two days before to join their first safari of the summer. He called his sister from the car on the way home to let her know he was coming.
She bounded out the side door to greet him as he pulled in the drive. Winston's eyes tracked up her incredible long, tapered alabaster legs sheathed in a small pair of khaki shorts. Her tiny blue tank top showed a bit of her smooth flat belly. Her long dark hair was damp and gathered in a loose ponytail that swung wildly as she dashed across the driveway to crash into him as he got out of his car. She hugged him fiercely.
In the crush of her embrace, he felt the full length of her tight, athletic body. His sister was a firm in all the right places. He also smelled her rosemary-mint shampoo. She guarded that shampoo jealously. He flashed back to her shrieking at him a few years ago when he'd used some out of curiosity. She'd smelled it on him immediately and flipped out. Smell sometimes triggered odd memories for Winston.
"Err... happy to see me then?" he said, a little confused. What had come over her?
"Very happy! This is day number one of the best summer ever," she said into his chest.
She was in good spirits. He credited it to their parents' absence and the fact that her boob surgery was only two days away.
She helped him carry his stuff inside and even up to his room.
"You unpack. I need to shoot mom and dad a quick e-mail. I promised I'd tell them when you got here."
"Okay," Winston watched his sister leave, still wondering at her improved behavior.
Over the next half hour, he unpacked his things and shoved the assorted duffel bags into the closet. He was sitting at his desk stuffing books onto the bookcase above it when his sister gently knocked on his doorframe. Her eyes kept darting down to her feet shyly. Her cheeks were a little flushed.
"Tunny, I kind of have a favor to ask. This is going to sound weird but Doctor Nelson wanted me, well, you to do something before my surgery."
"Yeah?" Winston had resumed stuffing books away.
"You... ah hah ha... you need to look at my boobs," Jess stifled a nervous giggle.
"Huh?" his head whipped back to her. She had his undivided attention now.
"So you have a reference point," she winced. "So if something looks funny later you'll be able to tell."
"Seriously?"
"Hey, what do I know, I didn't argue with the guy. He's the surgeon," she shrugged.
"I, ah, okay," Winston wrapped his head around what was going to happen. "So... when do you..."
Jess didn't answer. She just took two steps forward and her hands drifted to the bottom hem of her little tank top. She looked up from the floor finally and her eyes locked on his. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth and gnawed at it gently.
"What? Now?" Winston asked.
His sister nodded. She started pulling her shirt up, exposing more of her smooth flat belly. She paused, and through the shirt she pleaded with Winston, "First, promise no laughing or teasing okay?"
"Promise," Winston replied fidgeting in his chair. His sister was beautiful and like any normal heterosexual male who laid eyes on her he'd wondered what she looked like naked. Now, with very little warning he was going to find out.
She resumed pulling her shirt off. Winston held his breath. Jessica's round pert little breasts popped into view. They were the definition of perky. Their skin was a smooth unblemished ivory like the rest of her. Her light pink nipples were perfectly centered on each breast. His mouth fell open. Lord, his sister truly was hot as hell. He used the moment it took for her to get the shirt over her head to compose his face.
"Soooo... these are my boobs," she said sheepishly, nodding her head. Her lips were pressed together in a line.
"Yep... those are my sister's boobs," he chuckled, "Sorry, I was laughing at what you said, not at your body. You're a good looking woman, sis."
"Thanks. There's more though. The doctor says you have to touch 'em beforehand too so if you need to pulpitate me..."
"Palpate," Winston corrected automatically.
"Yeah, that's it, palpate me after the surgery you'll be able to tell if something's weird."
"So, you want me to feel you up too?" he smiled, trying to make light of the situation. Humor had always been his defense mechanism for awkward situations. Hers too.
"Doctor's orders." She shrugged as she stepped forward until she was barely a foot away from Winston. Seated, he was eye level with her chest. "Try not to enjoy yourself too much. If you switch sides, you'll piss off your boyfriend." She smirked.
Winston's hands, thankfully perpetually warm, rose until he began to gently touch his sister's left breast with the first two fingers of each hand as he had been taught. Her breasts were warm and soft but firm. If his hands shook a little, his sister didn't notice or pretended not to. She looked at the bookcase behind him as he worked, feeling first one breast then switching to the other one.
Reluctantly, he let his hands fall away. "All right. I now know what your boobs feel like."
Jess looked down to meet his eyes again and smiled. "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Hey," she reached over him to his bookcase. The sudden forward movement brushed her right breast against Winston's forehead. Winston stiffened in various places in response. "Ooops, sorry. I was reaching for this." She held his little digital camera. "Does this thing still work?"
"Yeah."
"Here, take a few 'before' pictures of me? So I can remember what I looked like before my new superboobs." She handed him the camera and stepped back.
Winston knitted his eyebrows together.
"Go on. You can e-mail them to me."
He snapped a front picture of her. She turned to each side. He took more pictures. She got a bit silly and started posing, making funny faces, pushing her boobs up between her arms, then cupping them in her hands. Two dozen pictures later, she thanked him, picked her shirt off the floor and left.
Winston was left sitting in his room. Less than an hour from getting home, he'd seen his sister topless, felt her boobs, and now had pictures of her to boot. What was it his sister had said - "this is day number one of the best summer ever"?
Day number two would top it. He didn't even have to wait all that long.
It was late the next morning, nearly noon, and Winston was finally fighting off the vestiges of his hangover from drinking while reuniting with his high school buddies the night before. Jessica knocked on his closed door then opened it a crack to peek inside.
"Can I come in?" She entered before he had a chance to answer. The hangover together with what his sister was wearing slowed his response. She was wrapped in a bath towel. The fluffy white terry cloth covered her tall slender body from just above her breasts to just a couple of inches below her crotch. Her wet hair, now black, was swept to the side to rest on one perfect, porcelain shoulder. A picture of her like this in a catalog would sell a lot of towels.
"Sure come on in, talk quietly though?" he whispered, "Headache. Bad headache."
She grinned. "Too much fun last night?"
He nodded slowly, squinting his eyes.
"I have another favor to ask. In your weakened condition maybe it's not a good idea," she said cryptically. She turned to leave.
"What is it?" he asked before she got to the door.
"It's pretty crazy."
"Crazier than yesterday?"
"Yeah. Okay, try not to freak out, but I could really use your unbiased opinion on something."
"Sure."
"I need you look at my... stuff."
He raised an eyebrow.
"My hoo-hoo," she resorted to the word they'd used as kids.
"Why on earth..." He sat up in his bed and the blanket fell away. He was bare-chested. He noted that his sister's eyes darted down over his well-defined stomach and chest.
"Doctor Nelson offered to do any plastic surgery I want on my... stuff... when he does my breasts tomorrow."
"Wow, sis this is... this is..."
"Come on, you're the only one I can ask!"
"Why do you want to know what I think about that?"
"You want the list of reasons? Okay, first, you'll be honest 'cause you're not trying to get in my pants. Second, you've probably seen more of these than I have so you can make a decent comparison. Third, and don't get a big head about this, but you're kind of in my target demographic - you know, 'cute college boy.' Fourth, and most importantly, you can keep a secret."
"That was a lot of reasons."
"I like to think I'm a reasonable girl," she smirked, twirling a bit of her damp dark hair in one finger.
"Ha ha. All right, I guess if this what it takes to keep you from having your privates hacked to bits, I'll have a look."
"Really?"
"I've already seen quite a few..." he paused, "...hoo-hoos." He suppressed a grin at the silliness of her word choice. "And as a nurse I guess I'm destined to see hundreds more. I'll just add this to the list."
"Thanks bro." She took as step back and leaned back against his desk, her hands sliding to the bottom of her towel. "Ready?"
Winston sighed and rubbed his eyes with his palms. "As ready as I can get."
Jess started giggling.
"OK, why are you laughing?" he asked.
"Sorry, I think I'm just a little nervous. Plus you should see your face. You're about to see your sister's cooter and you have this incredibly serious expression on."
"I'm trying not to think about it that way. I'm trying to be clinical. This is my clinical face."
"Oh, gotcha. Well, here goes." Jessica slowly lifted the towel until her small, barely-furred sex came into view. She had shaved most of her pubic triangle. The little bit of hair that was left was close trimmed short. Her labia were tiny and the same delicate pink color as her nipples. Like the rest of her, Jess's adorable little pussy was essentially perfect. Winston stared in admiration, the image burning into his brain.
He was quiet too long. Jessica fidgeted. "Well?" she asked, looking down at herself.
"Don't change a thing," he whispered.
"You sure?" she leaned back further against his desk and hunched herself forward. Her entire sex was visible now. Incredibly, she reached a hand down and spread her labia open for him to see. The bared pink flesh inside was smooth and delicate and deeper pink.
Winston's heart skipped a beat and his mouth went dry. "Positive."
She looked up from her crotch to her brother. "You can't see from all the way over there. Come closer, I don't have any cooties."
Winston, hypnotized by his sister's display, pushed forward to the end of his bed where he laid down on his stomach and propped his head with his hands. He was about three feet from his sister's bare sex.
"So, nothing needs fixing?" she asked. "They can, you know, shrink lips and stuff. Do I need it?"
"Not in my opinion."
"What about that freckle?" she pointed to a small dark circle in the delicate curve where her thigh met her groin.
"You've always had that freckle."
"You remember my freckle?"
"Sure, when you were like four years old, you went through a phase when you liked to run around naked in the backyard. Mom and Dad kept checking you for ticks and commenting on your freckle. I don't know, it stuck in my head."
"I was thinking about letting them remove it with a laser."
"Keep it. It's cute."
"Aw, that's sweet. So nothing needs to change at all?"
"Nope."
"Promise?"
"Yeah."
"Hold on," she turned around quickly to bend at the waist, placing one hand on his desk. She thrust her bare ass at him, closing the distance between them to barely two feet. She looked at him over her shoulder. "How about from this angle?"
It was a more wanton pose than Winston was prepared for. Her ass was mostly obscured by the towel she still wore, but he could see the unbroken vertical line of her pussy lips disappear beneath its cloth. If anything, the partial coverage made this perspective more provocative. "Still good," he choked out.
"Wait a second, lemme get this out of the way." She abruptly stood and pulled the towel off, dropping it to the floor. She was now entirely nude. She bent over again, this time well beyond perpendicular until her shoulder touched his desk. She was looking back at him through the space between her long lean ivory thighs. She slid her feet outwards until they were more than shoulder width apart. She went up on tiptoe and the sleek muscles of her hamstrings and her little heart-shaped buttocks played beneath her flawless, pale skin.
Her, well, her everything was on complete display. Absurdly, she was still all business. "Okay, you said 'good.' Now, is that 'good' as in 'OK' or 'good' as in a guy will get crazy hot when he sees me like this?"
It was impossible to be clinical about this. Winston masturbated to images less graphic than what she was showing him now. He was getting lightheaded. "Ummm... the second one. Crazy hot." He felt heat rising to his cheeks.
"You're sure? 'Cause, I want to be a hottie."
"You're already there, sis."
"Awww, that was sweet too," she beamed, "Now, how about just above my girlie goods?"
"Huh?"
"You know, my bumhole."
His eyes darted up to the tiny pale star nestled in her asscrack before he could stop himself. "What about it?"
"Does it look good too?"
"It looks like what it should look like."
"Don't get difficult on me now. You've been really helpful so far. Does it look sexy? I mean, if you weren't my brother, would you want to lick it?"
"How could you possible expect me to respond to that question?"
"Just be honest. What do you have to be embarrassed about? I'm the one standing here naked. Girls can get their buttcracks laser-bleached. Should I do it? I mean, would you lick it?"
He was giddy with irrational lust and still reeling from the hangover. "Probably... if I wasn't your brother."
"Eh, what do you know, you're practically gay," she grinned, still looking at him through the triangular space between her thighs.
"That was a cheap shot." He grimaced.
"Sorry, you're right. That was below the belt. If you want, I'll let you take a picture of me like this too."
"Jess!"
"Okay, just kidding," she stood up and bounced happily over to him. "Here, hugs to make up." She stooped to hug him awkwardly because he was still lying down.
"Umm, sis?"
"Hmmm?"
"You're naked."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." She picked up her towel and darted out his bedroom door.
She was barely out of view before she doubled back and rushed to him as he rolled onto his side and he tried to gather his wits after what had just happened. His wit-gathering failed because she knelt and kissed him. It was the same quick, soft peck on the lips she used to give him years ago as children.
"One up," she whispered. And the years melted away for a moment because that was how they scored their games of stolen kisses.
He was speechless, gaping at his nude kid sister.
"What, you don't remember our game?" she pouted, standing up.
"Of course I do, it's just..."
"Hmmm?"
"Jess, honey, you're still naked." Her crotch was at his eye level and he nodded his head towards it while trying not to look.
"Ahh! Right! Sorry!"
She darted back out of his bedroom, leaving Winston so dazed and confused that his hangover was forgotten.
Thankfully, the rest of the day was relatively normal. Although he caught his sister looking at him now and again and smirking to herself.
The next morning, he drove her to the hospital for her surgery. He dropped her off at its entrance. "Sure you don't want me to come in and wait with you?"
"Nah, I'll be fine. This will probably take all day. If you want, you can stop in to visit tonight. If not, I'll call you to come pick me up tomorrow when I'm discharged."
That night, Winston did visit his sister although she was completely out of it from the general anesthetic and pain killers. He talked to the nurses and they told him everything went well. He parked himself in the chair next to her bed and watched the TV in her room for a couple of hours. His sister's only recognition that he was there was to reach over to take his hand when he rested his arm on the bed. They held hands while he watched TV in silence. He left when the nurses kicked him out because visitor's hours were over.
The next day, he collected his sister when she called. He wheeled her to his truck and together they slowly and carefully transferred her to the passenger seat. At home they put her to bed. It was piled high with pillows so she could sit mostly upright.
He stopped in on her throughout the day, making sure she was getting enough fluids and giving her the prescribed antibiotics and pain relievers.
By that night, she was already looking fairly normal.
He made her a corned beef sandwich, her favorite, for dinner. When he rested the plate on her lap, he paused to sniff at his sister. "Jess, there's no way to put this delicately. You stink."
She grinned weakly. "I'm not an expert but I think your bedside manner might need work. You're right though, I do stink. My last shower was two days ago."
"Want to try a sponge bath?"
"Really? No fooling?" She looked like a starving person being offered food.
"Sure, I could use the practice."
"Oh, that would be awesome! I feel all grimy and gross."
While she ate her sandwich, he gathered a large bowl of cool water, a bar of mild soap, a few washcloths, and a couple of huge towels. Together, they managed to get one of the towels beneath her to keep the bed from getting soaked.
He gently washed her hands and arms. At his urging, she crunched forward a little and he managed to carefully slip her oversized t-shirt off one arm at a time. Beneath it, her chest was wrapped snugly in a tensor bandage.
"Want me to wash your face or would you rather do it yourself?"
"Do you mind doing it? I've actually been enjoying this. I bet your sponge baths will be popular someday." She closed her eyes and he gently cleaned her face.
She couldn't see him with her eyes shut so he took the opportunity to really look at his sister. Her long dark lashes were pretty. She had great lips too. Even her earlobes were cute. Whether he meant to or not, Winston invariably compared prospective girlfriends to his sister and they always came up wanting.
He patted her face dry and took a small tube of moisturizer from off her nightstand then quickly smoothed some on his sister's lips. Its sickly sweet coconut smell made him hungry. "We can't have your smoocher getting chapped. You'll have a lot of boys waiting to pucker up when you get through this." He was laying the compliments on a bit thick. Besides, his sister already had her pick of her classmates.
She opened her eyes and looked at him meaningfully. "But I don't want a lot of boys. I just want one good one. And trust me..." she let that pause go for a couple of heartbeats, "they're really hard to find."
The genuiness of her comment hung in the air. It made Winston uncomfortable. He changed the subject. "All righty, it's time to wash 'The Girls.' Think I'll need a bigger washcloth?" He tried to brighten the mood; humor still his best shield. "Let me know as soon as anything hurts okay?"
Jess nodded as he carefully unwrapped the tensor bandage. "Tunny, this may sound kinda weird, but I'm glad you're going to be the first boy to see them."
"I'm not a boy right now, I'm a nurse."
"You're always a boy to me." She smiled weakly. "And always my big brother."
He didn't reply. Instead he finished unwrapping her chest. It took every millimeter of self-control he could muster to keep a poker face. Sure, there was a lot of healing to do, but he could already tell his sister's new boobs were fantastic. Great, add this to her beautiful face, impossibly long legs and glorious tush. Jess had just piled on one more ridiculously hot thing about her for him to try not to think about. Her new breasts were large, gravity-defying teardrops. They sat a little high right now, but when they settled in she would be ready for a centerfold.
"Well?" she finally asked because her brother was so quiet.
"Hmmm..." he tried to look thoughtful, "Well, should the right one be green on the bottom?"
"What?!"
"Just kidding. Everything looks fine. Looks like you at least kept the size down to something realistic looking."
Jessica bit her lip. "Dr. Nelson called them 'a very generous C.' He wouldn't go any bigger."
"Well, I think you're still definitely eligible for that 'BT' nickname you asked me for this spring. Want me to get you a mirror so you can look?"
"No. Yes. Maybe. Ack, I don't know."
"If you're willing to take my word that everything is okay, I suggest you hold off another day or two until you've healed a bit more. You might freak out a little right now, there's some mild bruising."
"Okay."
"Time for more washing. Ready, Stinky?"
"Hey, I liked 'BT' better," she groused.
"No telling which nickname will stick," he sassed. Their banter helped distract Winston as he began washing his sister's shoulders. When she cooed happily, he let it became more of a massage, stroking her muscles awhile. He washed under her arms as well.
"Lean forward a little. I can get part of your back at least." She struggled a bit, her stomach and chest were sore. He continued with the soapy massage then rinsed her with the unsoaped wet cloth. She leaned back onto the bed with a sigh.
He paused with the washcloth. Okay, it was time for the boobs. He wasn't ready. Would he ever be? He composed himself and ever so gently washed his sister's chest. She winced a few times when he carefully dabbed at her sutures but she didn't say anything. He re-bandaged her and helped her pull on a fresh t-shirt.
"Okay, onto the bottom half." He draped the other large towel over top of her from the waist down for a measure of modesty. She managed to get her sweatpants and underwear started down off her waist before it got too uncomfortable for her to bend forward.
"Help?" she winced. "It hurts to reach."
Winston had to de-pants his sister. A blend of thrill and horror ran through him. He quelled it and reached under the towel for the waistband to her pants at her hip and slid them downward a bit from the side. It was awkward. When they were close to her knees, without thinking, he reached into the middle of the sweatpants to grab them by the crotch. His hand hit the warm center of her panties and he stiffened slightly in surprise. They were soaked. Not sweaty soaked because they were wet only at the crotch. They were horny girl soaked.
No mistaking it, his sister was aroused by his attentions. "It's the painkillers," he told himself. "She's half delirious."
Winston pulled her sweatpants out from under the towel and purposely threw them into the wash basket way on the other side of her room. If he was right, they'd reek of her arousal and he did not need that sensory input right now. He was having a hard enough time dealing with seeing and touching his sister.
He forced these thoughts from his head and focused on washing his little sister's cute feet. "How's that? Too rough? Too soft?"
"Oh just right, it feels amazing. I might take a long time to recover. You may have to do this for months."
"Nice try. You'll be up and around in a couple of days."
He worked his way up her slender ankles and her sleek, toned calves, then her knees. He rolled her covering towel up as he went. He did a pretty good job staying detached again until he got above her knees and started in on her slender, toned thighs. They were silky smooth, flawless and muscular. It was impossible not to have sexual thoughts looking at them and feeling them.
"God, when did my sister get hot thighs?" he wondered to himself.
He must have moved his lips because Jess asked "What was that?"
"Sorry, I guess I was trying to figure out when you went and got all pretty on me."
It was an unguarded comment that made him cringe as soon as it tumbled from of his lips.
There was a pause as the compliment registered with Jessica, and she smiled sweetly. "Thanks brother dear. I do hope you aren't going to say that to all your patients. You might be up on harassment charges," she teased.
At the same time though, she met his eyes and spread her legs a bit. It was a silent invitation for him to continue washing up her thighs.
To be sure, Winston wanted to hear her permission, so he asked. "You fine with me washing your naughty bits?"
"You sound like Mom," Jess grinned. It was true. His occasional resort to a British euphemism was an affectation he'd picked up from their anglophile mother. He didn't even realize it sometimes.
But Jess hadn't answered his question. He smiled and waited patiently until Jess's porcelain cheeks flushed pink and she nodded slightly. "Please? It might kill me to reach down like that."
"No prob," he shrugged, switching smoothly back to American slang. But, dammit, there was a 'prob.' He was about to touch his sister's pussy. It had been virtually impossible to get over seeing it a few days ago. Now he had to touch it? He tried to think about something else.
Jess misinterpreted his hesitation. She looked hurt and embarrassed as she began to slide her legs closed. "If you don't want..."
"No, I want," he reached forward to stop her knees from closing. "Wait, that didn't sound right. I mean, I'm fine with..."
"I know what you meant bro," she smirked. "And thanks. Really. I don't think many guys would be excited at the prospect of washing their sister's goods."
Ah, but that was exactly his problem. He wasn't many guys and he was very excited at the prospect of washing his sister's goods. He just wished he wasn't.
He rolled her covering towel up a bit more and reached beneath it with his washcloth-covered hand, intending to start at her vulva, get a little lather in her pubic hair and gently work downwards to her 'goods' proper. His plan went awry when his washcloth slicked against perfectly smooth skin.
The surprise had shown on his face before he realized it.
Jess giggled. "I wondered how you would react. I got waxed down there the afternoon before the surgery silly."
"Why?" he blurted out.
"Why do you think? 'Cause it's summer and that means bikini season. Plus, all the hot studs that are going to do me will complain about getting hairs in their teeth if I don't. Don't your boyfriends make you shave your goodies?"
For once, Winston was so grateful for a round of I'm-a-slut-and-you're-gay that he did something completely different. He actually played along. In his best lisp he responded, "Sweetie, they are so grateful to get a piece of my grade 'A' cock that they're happy to deal with a few hairs." It distracted him well enough that he could quickly soap her crotch.
Jess grinned. "Really?!"
"No! I'm not gay!" He said, exasperated. He came back to her with a second towel to rinse her, both of them aided by the distraction of their banter.
"Pfffft, I meant about the grade 'A' part."
"How should I know? I don't have a lot of comparative data."
"Show me and I'll tell you."
"What?"
"Come on, you saw my stuff! Hell, you're rubbing it right now."
He was. And now he became all too aware of it. He finished and withdrew his hand from beneath the towel before responding. "Look, you got naked so I could help you decide whether or not to get more surgery. Of course I looked at your bits! I'm not having anything done to my junk. No reason for me to drop trousers on you sis." In his nervousness he was ping-ponging transatlantically for his euphemisms.
"Well, it would make me feel less weird about being naked in front of you for all this. We'd be Steven evens."
The last two words of her retort tugged at his heartstrings by making him think of when they were kids again. It was another Jessica-ism. Like her inability to pronounce 'Winston' or 'spaghetti' (she nearly hit high school before she stopped saying "puh-sketty"), Jess had mixed up a few common phrases like "even Stevens" when she was little. She'd twisted it into "Steven evens."
"No deal chickie."
"You suck," Jessica whined.
Winston grinned. "I told you, I'm not gay."
His sister giggled despite herself. "I meant generally."
"I know what you meant." In the pause, he stooped to kiss her on the cheek. "I'm going to go downstairs and grab a bite to eat. You need anything?"
"No, I'm OK. Hand me that black bag before you go though? I've got my iPod and stuff to read in there. I'm all TV'ed out today."
Winston left with the bowl and washcloths. He took the stairs down two at a time. His head felt clearer the further he got from Jessica. His heart and his cock were begging him to go back though. He could handle the second traitorous body part easily enough. When he got to the kitchen he unrolled two paper towels, undid his pants, and masturbated into them. The towels. Not his pants. It took about 5 seconds for him to finish. Now, that just left his heart. No fix for that.
He reheated some leftovers and watched a baseball game. It ran into extra innings and he fell asleep on the couch before it was over.
He woke up in the middle of the night and went upstairs to check on his sister before going to bed. Not wanting to disturb her, he didn't turn on the light on his way in. He damn near fell on his ass when he stepped barefooted onto a small, hard cylinder on her wood floor. He found the offending object and picked it up to look at it against the small amount of light coming in through her bedroom window. He jerked it back down when he realized what it was.
Holy crap, it was a vibrator. His sister's vibrator. Now what?
Winston did two things next that he instantly knew that he would deny to his last breath. He'd lie to the Pope if he had to.
First, he lifted that vibrator to his nose and sniffed it.
Second, he licked it. Sweet. Tart. Tangy. Just a tiny hint of musk. It tasted like sheer heaven.
What would happen if the most fantastic smelling, the most fantastic tasting, pussy you ever came into contact with was your sister's? Your little sister's? (Nah, don't incriminate yourself. Let's stick to Winston's case). Winston's cock hit 110% on the stiff-o-meter.
His sister masturbated with a vibrator.
Yep, his sister masturbated with a vibrator.
He had to think it twice for the idea to penetrate fully.
He looked around. On the floor next to her bed was the black bag he'd handed her before leaving to go downstairs. She must have knocked it off the bed in her sleep. It was bad luck that her sex toy was the one thing to fall out into the open. Out of curiosity, he twisted it at the base to turn it on. It didn't. It was either broken or... he snickered to himself... she'd run down the batteries. He tucked it back into the black bag and slipped out of her room.
Here's what Winston missed because he was nightblind when he entered her room and so thrown off by his discovery: Jessica was awake for his brief visit. Unlike her brother, her eyes were quite adjusted to the dark. She saw what he did with her vibrator and barely managed not to gasp as she watched. She'd already been having trouble falling asleep. Her brother's sponge bath had left her in sweet agony. Out of frustration, she'd tried to masturbate with the vibrator but her stomach and back were too sore to do it comfortably. Yet more frustration. She'd thrown her toy to the floor to break it and for him to see. What she saw her brother do only made it harder for her to sleep.
The next morning when Winston checked on his sister he found her already awake but looking tired. "Want another washing today, BT?"
Jessica smiled. "Don't get me wrong, the sponge bath was fun, but I'd kill for a shower."
"No showers until tomorrow."
"How about a real bath then?" she pouted.
"A bath is possible if we're extra careful to keep your sutures above the water. I'll go fill it up."
"Fill mom and dad's tub? I want the big tub. And bubble bath."
"Sorry, can't have bubbles."
"Ugh, how about that milk bath stuff of Mom's then?"
He thought about it. "Don't see why not."
He went into the master bath and started running hot water into the tub. He doused it liberally with lavender milk bath. When it was full, he helped his sister out of bed and they slowly walked together into their parents' bathroom.
He'd seen her naked but still looked away as his sister disrobed carefully. His effort to give her privacy was wasted when she cried a quick "Help!"
She was having trouble leaning over in order to step up over the side and into the tub. He lent her one hand and steadied her shoulder with the other from behind. He got a long look at her perfectly heart-shaped ass as she stepped in with one leg.
"See anything you like?" Jess said wryly. He looked up. She was grinning at him in the large mirror on the opposite wall over the bathroom's double sink.
He stammered that he was watching her get in the tub, not ogling her butt.
"It's okay Tunny, it's actually kind of a compliment. Guess my booty is so sweet that even my big brother can't help checking it out."
"Yeah, and umm... I'm gay."
"That's right, you're gay," she gave him a funny, challenging look.
Together they gingerly eased Jessica into the tub. When she tried to lean back, they hit their next problem. Their parents' extra long tub was too long for her to reach the other side with her feet and stay upright. Jessica nearly slipped too far into the water.
She winced at her brother. "Now what? Sitting upright like this really hurts. I need to lean back."
"Gimme a sec, I'm thinking. We need something big you can lean back against."
"You're big..."
"Yeah, but I can't reach across the tub."
"Tunny, are you being dense on purpose? I meant you could get in the tub with me and I could lean on you."
"Oh, uh well…" he said uncertainly.
"Come on, it'll be like when we were kids and Dad threw us in the tub together."
He hesitated. "Jess, I'm not sure I can..."
"Jesus Christ, get in this fucking tub, Tunny! My stomach and chest are killing me!" Jessica wailed, her body twitching at the effort to staying upright.
Winston stripped down to his boxers and hopped into the tub behind his sister. He swung a leg over the other side of her and settled down, then pulled her back to lean against him.
Jessica exhaled slowly as the bruised muscles in her torso relaxed. "I'm really sorry I yelled," she said quietly after a couple of minutes.
"Heh, that was a pretty good one. I haven't heard you scream like that in years," he replied gently. He briefly recalled the tantrums she used to throw.
She settled herself into him until her upper back was pressed against his chest. Her head lolled at his shoulder. She sighed happily as she rested the side of her face onto his chest.
His sister's dark hair brushed his cheek, tickling Winston's beard stubble. Her bare chest was well above the water and just beneath him, he was looking down her shoulder. Jessica's new breasts were large and firm and perfect. There was no fighting his body's natural reaction under these circumstances so he didn't. His erection struggled to grow to its full eight inch length, pushing its way up his sister's lower back. She shifted slightly to let it finish hardening then leaned back against him to trap it between their bodies again.
"Well, it feels grade 'A' anyway," she whispered.
"You're not helping, Jess."
"Sorry, thought you'd like to know though."
"Thanks sis."
"Turn off the lights, Tunny? I'd like to soak in the dark for awhile. That all right with you?"
"Sure." He flipped the light switch next to him and the bathroom went pitch black. With any luck, the situation would be easier if didn't have to look at his absurdly hot sister.
Winston was wrong.
He couldn't see her breasts anymore, but things got worse because… well, what happens when you can't see? Yep, his other senses sharpened. He smelled her more intensely now. Her hair was musky - they'd have to wash it soon - but it was a good musk. A young woman's musk. He heard her every breath too. Even her breathing was cute - innocent belly breathing through her nose and mouth. He felt her every twitch. He felt his own heartbeat too. This was not relaxing.
Perhaps having the same problem, or sensing his, Jessica started humming softly. He focused on the sound to drown out the other sensations. It took him a minute to recognize the tune. It was the lullaby that their Mom sang to them when they were little. Even that was English. No "rock a bye baby" for the Kendall kids. No sir-ee. That would be too damn normal.
"Do you realize what you're humming?" Winston asked his sister.
"Mom's lullaby right?"
"Do you know the words?"
"Mmmm... no I don't remember."
"It's called 'Lavender's Blue.' " He cleared his throat and sang the first verse, the only one he could recall:
Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green,
When I am king, dilly, dilly, you shall be queen.
Who told you so, dilly, dilly, who told you so?
'Twas my own heart, dilly, dilly, that told me so.

Jessica chuckled. "You remember the weirdest things. The freckle next to my cooter. Now Mom's lyrics."
"Yeah, I guess it popped in my head because we're sitting in this lavender bath stuff." Another memory prompted by a scent.
"Funny. You know, I'd be your queen Tunny. Like in the lullaby, I'd be your queen."
It was his turn to chuckle.
"Push my back up a sec?" she asked as he laughed.
He helped her upright and she used that opportunity to plant a palm on his chest and twist into him. It was dark and they were talking about lullabies so he didn't see it coming. She kissed him - that quick, soft peck on the lips that scored their game.
"Two up, Tunny," she sighed and he swore she lingered a moment in the perfect dark just millimeters in front of him because he felt her warm breath exhale out onto his face and the cool vacuum of her next breath inwards. She finally turned her back to him and reclined against him again. "You're not as good at this game as you used to be, I think you're rusty."
The intensity of her closeness, their mutual near-nudity, and the dark gave him the courage to say what he was thinking. "I'm not even sure what game we're playing anymore, Jess."
"Same game, honey." She searched for his hand under the bath water and took it. She squeezed it gently. "Just higher stakes."
They lingered in the dark, in the bathtub, each thinking their own thoughts. Jessica went back to humming their Mom's lullaby.
Winston's head was a swirl of emotions. They shared so much history. Was it helping? Or was it hurting?
Thankfully, the bath began to get cool.
"Ready?" He finally asked. "I'm turning into a giant wrinkle back here."
" 'Kay," came her short, soft response. She sounded disappointed that their bath time was ending.
Leaving the lights off, he carefully helped her from the tub and slipped out of his waterlogged boxer shorts. He toweled her dry from head to toe, grabbed another dry towel, and wrapped her in it.
Then he flicked the light on. Ooops. He'd been so focused on making sure his sister was dry and covered that he forgot about himself. He was standing there completely naked. Their eyes met for a millisecond and Jess immediately looked down at his erect eight inch cock. He saw her eyes go wide in surprise just as he flipped the light switch off.
"Whoa, that definitely looks grade 'A' too, brother dear," she snickered in the dark.
"Very funny. Show's over. Now go get in bed. I'm putting on a towel."
"Awww..." she whined as she made her way back towards her bedroom.
He wrapped a towel around his waist then followed her to her room.
"Stay with me some more?" his sister pleaded.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jess."
"Please? I'm having trouble sleeping. Just watch TV with me?"
"All right, at least let me put on some pajamas."
"Yay! Slumber party! Could you microwave some popcorn too?"
Before he left he watched his sister, still wrapped in the towel, carefully get into bed.
He returned in a few minutes with a big bowl of popcorn and hopped onto the bed to join her. He noticed the towel she'd been wearing was folded at the foot of the bed. He hadn't helped her dress.
"Sis, what are you wearing under those covers?"
"Practically nothing."
" 'Practically nothing' or nothing."
"The second one."
"Si-is!" He made it a two syllable whine.
"Oh come on," she rolled her eyes, "you can't see anything. Besides, you've already seen my entire body anyway. Plus, the fresh sheets you put on the bed feel wonderful against my skin."
"I give up," Winston sighed.
"Finally," she cheered, "now gimme some popcorn."
He passed the popcorn and the TV remote. It was still her room, after all. She inflicted the Lifetime channel on him mercilessly. As a defensive measure, he fell asleep.
He woke up when he heard his sister breathing funny and he slid one eye open. The TV was on, lighting the room, but the volume was muted.
As his mental sleep fog began to clear, he realized Jessica's hands were moving beneath the covers. That, combined with her breathing and well... his sister was clearly masturbating. But, if he was reading her face correctly in the poor light - her lips pressed tightly together, her dark eyebrows scrunched together too - she looked kind of pissed. Was she having trouble getting off because he was in bed with her? Or maybe, he realized, it was because she'd broken her vibrator. He wondered if she could satisfy herself without it.
She groaned softly in frustration and stopped, apparently giving up.
He pretended to shift in his sleep and wake up.
"You still awake, sis?" This was obvious because she was staring right at him.
"Yeah," she huffed.
"What's the matter, still can't sleep?"
"No."
"Want some warm milk or something?"
"No."
"Look, I'm not saying it's smart but there's some left over Vicodin in dad's medicine chest. I can give you one. It might zonk you out enough so you can get some rest."
"No."
"I hate seeing you like this kiddo. Sure there isn't anything I can do?"
"Anything? Would you... would you buy me a vibrator?" she blurted that thought out so fast it sounded like one long word run together.
He automatically parroted it back to her for confirmation before he realized what he was saying, "Buy you a vibrator?"
"Mine broke," she sniffled, "I'm so used to playing with myself before going to sleep that I'm all messed up now."
"Aw jeez, sis."
"I know, I'm sorry but I'm climbing the walls. It's actually getting worse."
"Even if I could bring myself to buy sex toys for my sister, the only adult shop anywhere near here is down on route 52 and," he glanced at her alarm clock that read 1:15, "they closed at midnight."
She looked at him funny.
"Let's not talk about why I know that," he smiled.
His self-effacing humor made Jessica stifle a laugh.
"Looks like you're screwed missy. Or not screwed, rather," He joked again, hoping to turn her mood around.
It worked and she followed his humor like he'd hoped. "Then just go get Dad's gun and shoot me," she said melodramatically.
She looked around for the TV remote. It had slid down towards the foot of the bed. She leaned forward a bit to grab it but couldn't quite reach. He stirred and leaned over to grab it for her.
It was a trap. She kissed him the quick soft peck on the lips.
"Three up," she grinned. "Now say it," she said smugly.
"Oh come on."
"Say it."
"I don't even remember how it went."
"Bullshit, you never forget anything. Now say it."
Winston sighed. He affected his most preposterous theatrical British accent and recited the ritual offering of stolen kisses: "And what favor would my Lady Who Is Most Sneaky ask?"
Jess responded in a voice even more outrageous than his, a high-pitched, trilling accent. "The Lady's boon shall be... " but Jess paused.
"Tunny, I can't say my boon in my little girl voice because it would be really wrong." She looked in his eyes and he felt the weight of what she was trying to say. "I need your help. I need you, Tunny. Tonight. Do you understand?"
"Sure sis, you know that..." he trailed off when he realized what she was asking.
"I don't need romance, Tunny. I need satisfaction. You won't even have to do much."
"Aw jeez, Jess..."
"I just need you to touch me a little. Nothing crazy."
"Other than the fact that I'm your brother?"
"Yeah, there's that. But I think that's actually going to help. I feel safe with you."
"Help you. Not me!"
There was a long pause. Jessica let her large soft green eyes show her need.
"Fine, where do you want me to touch you?" He relented.
"Where do you think? Come on under the covers." She lifted the blankets and he slid under them with her. "Now get closer. Cuddle in next to me."
He curled his body into his sister's side. "Like this?"
"Good, now give me your right hand." She drew up the leg nearer to him at the knee until her foot was flat on the bed. She slid his hand from her hip along her thigh, caressing herself with him to her knee. Then she slowly drew his hand down the back of her leg along the long firm muscle of her hamstring. His breath caught a bit as her hamstring transitioned smoothly into the smooth curve of her right butt cheek.
Jess circled two fingers of his hand and drew them slowly across to her sex. He felt the smooth delicate folds of her outer lips. When he felt the moist heat of her opening, Winston gasped.
"It's okay, silly, you've washed my entire body, including this."
"You're crazy. This is way different."
"Yeah, I think you're right, this is different," she giggled. "This is way better. Feel how smooth I am after waxing? I really like it. It feels sexy. Okay, now we'll just barely slip your fingers inside me."
She sighed as she teased her entrance with his fingers then slowly pushed them into herself. "Good, right to there. Stop. Not too far. Perfect. Don't move 'em unless I say so. Got it?"
"Got it."
"You can breathe though, you know. "
Winston hadn't noticed he was holding his breath and let out a nervous exhale. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little tense."
"Relax. Don't be nervous. You're doing great. I'm enjoying this. It feels... Tunny... this feels really, really right to me. Is that weird?"
Winston chuckled nervously. "It's your hormones talking. You'd say that to the twelve year-old kid who delivers our newspaper if he was in my place right now."
"Maybe," she giggled again.
"Tunny?"
"Yeah?"
"I love you," she said simply. She turned her head to softly kiss his nose. It was a sweet but absurdly chaste gesture given where his hand was.
"I love you too, sis."
She closed her eyes and settled herself. He watched her lick her lips, her little pink tongue darting out to trace their outline. It made Winston wince. He watched quietly as his sister began to masturbate. His eyes darted between her flushed face and the outline of her hands moving beneath the concealing blanket.
At one point, on pure instinct, Winston began to move his fingers in and out a little without realizing it. Jessica's eyes immediately flew open and she shook her head. "No," she whispered hoarsely. He nodded and held still.
A minute later, his sister's body began to move jerkily. Her breathing had become quick and shallow.
"Tunny, tell me to cum?" his sister whimpered.
"Go ahead and cum, Jess."
"More. Tell me more."
"Let it out honey. Let it out and be happy."
"Dirtier."
Winston blurted out what he was thinking. "Cum on my fingers, Jess. Let me feel your perfect little pussy cum all over my fingers."
"My brother's fingers," she moaned. That did it. She groaned and spasmed. Her twitching walls clutched at the two fingers just inside her. Winston had to bite his own lip to keep quiet as he watched her vibrate through her release.
"How was that?" he asked as his sister finally relaxed.
"Wonderful," his sister opened her eyes and looked at him. They were glazed and her pupils were huge and dark.
"I'm glad." He gently eased his fingers from her. "Maybe now you can get some rest..."
Jessica frowned. "Not yet, I need more."
"What?"
"What can I say? I'm not really a one-and-done kinda girl. I usually go at least twice. Do you have any condoms, Tunny?"
"Whoa, no I don't. Do we really need to..."
"Shit. And, yes, I know what I need right now. How's your willpower Tunny? Oh god, why am I even asking? You're like a walking pyramid of willpower. That's half our problem..." she muttered that last part to herself only semi-cryptically. "It doesn't have to be a big deal, I'm just going to borrow the first inch and a half of your grade 'A' thing for a couple of minutes. Got it?"
"Let me see if I have this right, you're going to use my real thing as a substitute for your fake thing which you need in order to properly fantasize about getting the real thing and have another orgasm so you can sleep."
"Yep."
"Right. Great. This makes perfect sense," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be mean. It'll make it harder for me to relax."
"You're serious... why do you need me to do this?"
She turned to look at him. A lock of her dark hair covered one eye. Her ivory skin glowed in the light of the television. "Am I pretty?"
She had to know the question was rhetorical. "Yes," he said softly.
"Do you love me?"
"Of course."
"Did you lose at stolen kisses?"
"Yes.
"Do you want to help me?"
"Yes."
"Then let's stop talking about the 'why' and get down to the how." She looked at him a little more seriously. "Besides, frankly, at least one part of you is really enjoying this. I felt your nice, big thingie poke me in the side a few times."
She reached down and gently inserted her hand into the waistband of his pajama bottoms. He didn't move to stop her as her fingers circled his erection. The unfamiliar and illicit contact between his sister's hand and his cock made his head spin. His eyes slid tightly shut. So wrong. So very wrong. She stroked his end a few times, distributing his pre-cum, then grabbed the waistband and hauled it down over his hips. His erection sprang free.
The boldness of her move made Winston's eyes fly open and fix on his sister's face. She was staring at him intently, her mouth hanging open. She pursed her lips and exhaled as she drew his cock beneath her raised leg and towards her opening. He felt the heat radiating from her entrance before she placed him to her hot wet sex. They were just barely touching.
"Hunch into me a little?" she whispered.
He curled more tightly into her. Slowly, painstakingly, she rubbed him at her opening. She was warm, slick, and tight. So tight that he had to help by pressing into her steadily. It was the most intense feeling of his young life as he entered her. She gently but insistently stopped him before he was two inches inside her.
She was panting already. "Wow. That's good. You're ah... don't take this the wrong way, but you're nice and meaty in the way it counts. I feel stretched."
"Jess!"
"Sorry, but it's true. Okay, seriously, no cumming, Tunny. As bad as this is... as bad as what we're doing is... if you come it would be really bad. Okay?"
"'Kay," he choked out. This was going to be even more difficult than he thought. He might as well never had sex before. The sensation of being inside of his sister made sex with other women pale by comparison.
He felt her hand moving above his shaft, playing at her clitoris again. Periodically, she traced a few fingers down around his girth to gather moisture from their leaking intersection to continue her masturbation.
For the first two minutes Winston forced himself to think about anything not sexual.
His sister interrupted his focus. "Tunny? Can you get on top of me? Please? It feels funny from this angle. It's unbelievably good though. I'm going to cum really hard, I can tell already."
He slipped out of her briefly then rose and slid between her legs. She carefully pulled him back into her, no further than before, and went back to masturbating. He looked down at his beautiful kid sister's face, flushed with excitement. He fought the urge to lean down and press his lips to hers. He made the third and fourth minutes by exerting his considerable willpower.
Moving into the fifth minute, he starting formulating a way to tell his sister that he needed a break before...
Hallelujah! She rescued him with her second orgasm. Moaning a steady series of softly grunted "Ugh hugh ugh hugh, yeah," she jerkily rocked forward and back in her enormous release. To his relief, her orgasmic rocking caused him to pop free from the warmth of her vagina.
Unfortunately, his respite was brief because on one of Jessica's downward rockings his slickened shaft slid up between her asscheeks and skidded up along the crack of her ass. Instead of objecting, Jess, still cumming wildly, rocked herself up and down further, trapping his cock between her firm buns. She continued touching herself, riding out her orgasm.
Winston couldn't help himself. His resolve was already in shambles from holding out inside her. No harm could be done like this and it felt too damn good. He began to push forward to meet her.
Jess finally came to her senses and realized her brother was moving against her urgently. She continued rocking up and down gently with him. "Can you come like this?" she asked softly as they hunched together. She clenched the cheeks of her ass, massaging his cock with her sleek, muscular buns.
"Definitely," he groaned, looking down at her hungrily.
"Then do it," she said, her expression soft and affectionate.
"Are you sure, sis?"
"Absolutely, it's only fair. You were was so good, so patient, for me just now. I know it probably just about killed you. I owe you. Go ahead, hump my little teen butt and get off too. We'll be Steven evens."
"You're horrible."
"Yeah yeah," she grinned a little, "keep humping, buddy. Just not too rough. It hurts my boobs when they bounce." She carefully held her chest in place with her arms.
It was barely another minute before he came, and dear Lord he came, he jerked himself back and away from her and quickly grabbed the towel off the bed to wrap himself in its terry-cloth. Immediately, he was wincing with the force of his own orgasm. He pulsed into the towel in heavy throbs of thick semen. It felt like he was ejaculating molasses. He couldn't remember ever coming this hard before.
When he finished, he was panting. His head hung limply from his shoulders.
"Was it awesome for you too?" his sister finally asked, looking up at him. Her voice was already sleepy.
"Very."
"I'm glad. Good night, Tunny," she turned her head to rest on the pillow and closed her eyes. "And... thanks."
"Good night, sis."
He gingerly removed the now cum-soaked towel from them both and looked away as he fixed her blankets. Given what they'd done, he'd seen very little of his sister's nude body. He flung the towel into the wash basket on the other side of her room. He padded barefoot back to his own room and threw himself on the bed. Guilt gnawed viciously at him for what had just happened.
~~~***~~~
He must have fallen asleep because he woke up to daylight and the feeling of his sister's lips pressing softly into his. "Hey, I was sleeping," he groused. "No points for a sleeping smooch."
"I know," she replied softly. He didn't need to open his eyes to know she kept her face just fractions of an inch from his. They traded a few breaths. It was an intimate moment and Winston's cock stirred involuntarily. When he opened his eyes finally, her bright eyes - hazel at the moment - occupied his entire field of view.
She rubbed her nose against his in a quick Eskimo kiss then retreated. He blinked as he looked at her. She was wearing his green cotton bathrobe. "I smooched you because I'm happy. I finally got a great night's sleep and today is New Bra Day!"
No mention of what they did last night? Winston wondered if they could ever put that completely behind them.
In the meantime, Jessica was right. It was the third day after her surgery and she was supposed to switch from the tensor bandage to a non-underwire bra. She dragged him out of bed and led him over to her room where she pulled the top drawer of her dresser open.
"Look, sis, about last night..."
She didn't even look up. "What about it? I needed help and you were there for me. You're a good brother, Tunny. Always have been."
"That's it?"
"Yup," she said simply. "Feel free to beat yourself up about it, but that's how I see things. Now, can we talk booby-holders?" she cried gleefully picking around the drawer's contents. It was filled with nearly two dozen sets of new underwear. The bras were sized for her new breasts - she'd clearly gone shopping beforehand.
Jessica's eyes were darting everywhere. "I can't decide. You pick. Which one is going to be the first to hold my new superboobs?"
He was at a loss, still reeling from her casual acceptance of last night's - what was it? Mutual masturbation, he guessed. He also didn't know much about bras. "Uhh... how about this one?" He pointed at a pretty, white lacy one.
Jessica laughed. "A push-up demicup? You're such a boy. I'll wear that one for you later. Right now I need something with support, dummy."
She rifled through the drawer and pulled out two bras. Both were full-cupped lacy affairs but one was black and one was electric blue.
He'd always liked blue. "That one." He pointed to it.
She turned her back to him and loosened the robe. Then she careful donned her new bra. "Oh this is awesome," she chimed, pulling it gently into place.
"How so?"
"I used to have trouble filling out an A cup. It was annoying having gappy underwear. I had to be careful matching some sweaters with the right shaped bra. Ugh, I hated it," she grumbled. "But now, I am seriously filling out this bra. I've got extra cleavage in a C-cup!"
She spun to face him, holding the top of the robe open. "Check it out."
"Whoa." It was all he could get out. The roundness of her creamy white breasts overfilled her bra slightly, pressing together into a tight cleavage above it. Her pale skin against the electric blue was... well... electric.
"You like?" She shrugged her shoulders and her chest swung minutely.
He gawked a little and found his voice, "I think you could hypnotize people with those things."
"Really? People? Anyone in particular? Like you perhaps?"
No point in denying it. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm 'people.' "
"Good. Now hand me the matching panties."
He did. They were small and lacy. There wasn't much fabric to them.
Bending over slowly, painstakingly, she stepped into them and pulled them up and on beneath the robe. She flung the robe off to stand in front of her brother.
"How's the whole package?"
He gave his best, cheesy wolf whistle. "You'd have your pick, but I'd go with Perfect 10."
"Huh?"
"The magazine. Don't get me wrong, Playboy and Penthouse would take you too, I'm just saying."
"Dork. Want to be the first to get a new, big boobie hug?"
"Sure," he said as she slid the two steps into him and pressed herself gently against his body.
"How's that?" she giggled.
"Nice." He looked down over her shoulder at her ass. The lacy electric blue panties weren't a thong but they were quite brief. Half of her buttcheeks were uncovered. Her tush looked delectable. "You're tarting up the panties a bit there too sis. Mom might freak when she sees them in the washer."
"You said that if I got big boobs that people wouldn't notice the rest of me. You had a point, so I'm emphasizing my sweet little tush a bit extra."
"That wasn't the point I was trying to make."
"I know. But I derive a certain satisfaction out of twisting your honorable intentions to my own devious ends."
Her cheeky response rang so true that it made him pause for a moment. "Sis, I'm having that printed on a t-shirt for you to wear around. It could be your life's slogan."
"And I'd wear it," she snickered. "But for now, here's your fair warning Tunny, I'm not putting any more clothes on than this for today. I want to enjoy my spiffy new body. Think you'll survive?"
"Sure. I'm a... what did you call me?"
"A pyramid of willpower."
"Yeah."
"And you're gay," she reminded him with a smirk.
"Sure, I'm a big ol' gay pyramid of willpower."
She giggled. "Speaking of which, there's a bone I've been meaning to pick with you for awhile now."
"Hmmm?" he covered his mouth against a stolen kiss as she leaned into him.
Instead, she whispered into his ear, "Why didn't you tell me that cum tastes so good?"
"Dammit it, Jess!"
"Haha. Gotcha. Come on, I'll make you breakfast. When is the last time you had my patented oatmeal?" She ducked out her bedroom door and down the stairs.
With Jess gone, Winston's eyes sought the cum-soaked towel from the previous night. It was his very own Tell-Tale Heart, he could practically hear it throbbing: "Bad brother. Bad brother. Bad brother."
It took him a moment to locate the towel because it wasn't in the wash basket he'd tossed it into last night. Jess must have moved it. It was on the bed now. "Wait a second, had she been talking about the taste of his cum?" he wondered before crushing that down with a heavy mix fear, revulsion and disbelief. He shook his head and followed his sister down into the kitchen.
Jessica's patented oatmeal had less to do with oatmeal and more to do with the maple syrup, brown sugar, honey and assorted dried fruits (raisins, cranberries and chopped apricots) that she added lustily. Oatmeal was just a binder. The stuff was essentially sugar-based rocket fuel. Winston loved it, but then his sweet tooth was almost as big as hers.
He sat at the kitchen table and watched while his gorgeous, half-naked teenage sister stirred the oatmeal on the range top with a wooden spoon. Her small blue-pantied ass swayed back and forth enticingly. She glanced back at him occasionally to smile and, he began to realize, to make sure he was still watching her. If she'd been wearing high heels too, the scene would have looked like the improbable beginning to a porn movie.
"She's going to wear you down," the thought bubbled into his head, unbidden. Like an enormous burp, it belched up from his subconscious. This part of him knew what the rest of him was denying vigorously. It made him bite his lower lip. His sister wanted to do things with him. Well, they'd already done things. But she wanted to do more things. Things brothers and sisters shouldn't do. Now she had a new and improved body working for her.
He wondered what would hurt her feelings more. Giving in to her seduction? Or resisting it? He pushed these thoughts away too.
They ate their oatmeal at the kitchen table, chatting about their plans for the day. Jessica was supposed to lay low for another 24 hours. She'd be able to venture out tomorrow. In the meantime, Winston had errands to run: grocery shopping, drugstore, post office. He offered to swing by the video store and pick up a few movies for her.
"Yeah, get something I would like?" Jess brightened.
Winston knew what that meant: chic-flicks.
"Anything else you need while I'm out?" he asked. His mind was on last night's plea to buy her a new vibrator.
"Nah, I'm good." She shrugged as she picked up his empty bowl and hers and moved to put them in the dishwasher.
Winston was relieved. He had not been looking forward to purchasing a sex toy for his sister.
"Hey, when you get back, can we figure out a way to wash my hair?"
"Sure."
Winston ran his errands. He came back with groceries and two sappy movies for his sister.
"Up here!" Jessica called from upstairs as he finished putting stuff away in the fridge.
She called him into the bathroom. She was still wearing nothing but her bra and panties. She'd switched into the identical black set. Apparently she was serious about being barely dressed for the foreseeable future. The black stood out against her perfect ivory skin. It also looked a bit sluttier. It took him a moment to tear his eyes away from her and realize that she had set up a plastic folding chair backed up against the tub.
She waited patiently without comment as his eyes raked her body. She enjoyed her newly acquired ability to distract him. "Do you think it will work for a shampoo? I can lean my head back and you can use the hand rinser."
"Looks good to me. When do you want..."
"Right now please. I can't stand myself any longer."
He chuckled and reached past her to turn on the water and let it warm up. After a minute, he told her to lean back and let the hand rinser's spray touch the back of her neck. "Good?"
"Perfect."
He wetted her hair down with the warm water and squeezed a good-sized glob of his sister's rosemary-mint shampoo into his palm.
"Oooohhhh," Jessica cooed happily as he began lathering her hair from the back of her neck, standing next to her. He soon realized why salons have setups where the shampooist can stand behind the basin. It was awkward shampooing from just one side. He couldn't see what he was doing on the opposite side.
He swung a leg around the front of the chair and easily straddled his sister. Being tall had a few advantages. When he glanced down he was looking directly at her cleavage. He wondered how long it would take for him to stop noticing it.
For her part, Jess didn't move. Her eyes were still closed. She looked ecstatic at finally getting her hair washed. And the truth was, he was enjoying it too. It felt intimate without being sexual. He liked being close to her. He lost himself in rubbing and lathering his kid sister's pretty hair.
When every strand had been soaped squeaky clean, he began rinsing her down. He started at her front hairline and worked downwards. As he made his way down towards the back of her neck he lifted her head. They repeated the procedure with the matching conditioner.
Towards the end, he noticed his crotch was getting warmer. He tried to ignore it. With her hair sexily wet and smelling of fresh rosemary-mint, Jess's attractiveness was getting to him again.
He wondered what it would be like if he'd had an ugly sister. Would he feel the same way? No point in wishing for the impossible. Without meaning to, he glanced down for another peak at her barely clad body and...
"Jess!!!" he cried.
She had leaned her head forward into him as he straddled her. Her face was millimeters from his denim-covered crotch. Her mouth was open and she was panting warm breath into the fabric over his groin.
"Aaahhh, sorry!," she said. "I was just... I'm sorry. It was just right there and I... I'm sorry."
"What got into you?"
"Come on, I didn't actually touch anything!"
"Still!"
"Look Tunny, the truth is you started getting hard before I started breathing on you like that. It's what caught my attention. So you're the one who turned this into a sex thing. I was just enjoying a nice wash." She wrapped her hair in the towel. "No harm. No foul. Thanks for the shampoo. Once again, you prove you're the world's best brother." She smooched him, a quick peck on the lips, and then left.
"No points for the kiss," he called after her, "I saw it coming."
"I know," her answer echoed down the hall, "but you didn't cover your mouth or move out of the way did you?"
She was right. He hadn't. She was winning the larger game.
He hid in his room and read for the next few hours until dinner.
They made a quick supper of pork chops and instant stuffing then sat down to watch one of the movies he'd rented for her, Chocolat. He'd seen it before and figured his sister would enjoy the blend of romance and imaginative story. She did. She teased him about being pretty good at picking out chic flicks.
They raided their parents' liquor cabinet to make rum and cokes then stretched out on the family room's two couches to watch the next movie, Shakespeare in Love. Again, he had calculated it to be satisfying for Jessica but survivable for him. He hadn't seen this one.
An hour and two stiff, icy rum and cokes later, the still barely-clothed Jessica crawled onto the floor and towards Winston's couch. The view of her swaying bra-clad breasts and lace covered ass as she made her way over was hot as hell.
"I'm cold," she whispered from the floor, her face inches from his. He smelled her rummy breath.
"You're not wearing any clothes. Of course you're cold. Want this blanket?" He lifted the large throw blanket under his feet.
"Yeah." She took it from him but instead of returning to her couch, she wedged herself onto his. She pulled the blanket over both of them and turned onto her side to see the TV.
"Jess?"
"I'm freezing. You're warm. This is much better and you know it," she said tipsily.
Winston didn't have a lot of options, he could either stay on his back and stare at the ceiling or spoon in behind his sister and resume watching the movie. And it was a pretty good movie. He spooned.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't notice when Jess got off the couch to get them a third round of rum and cokes. He was pretty buzzed. She must be getting hammered by now.
He definitely noticed when his sister got up and fixed them a fourth round because, on her return, her naked ass went by as she settled back onto the couch to spoon with him. She also smelled of coconut. He recognized the smell. She'd been moisturizing. Her smooth, uncovered butt wiggled against the front of his pajama bottoms as she got situated and pulled the blanket back over them.
When she settled, he asked the obvious question. "Sis, you're not wearing any panties are you?"
"Nope. The sexy new lacy ones I was wearing felt itchy. I'm used to the soft cottony or satiny kind. It'll take some time to adjust to the new ones."
"Right," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be such a prude. Wanna take your jammies off, Tunny?"
"Nooo... I'm good." As tipsy as he was, he smelled trouble.
"Sure? I won't mind."
"I'll suffer."
"Honestly, I'd go completely naked right now if I didn't have to wear the bra what with the surgery and all."
"You're killing me, Jess."
"With kindness, brother dear. With kindness." She grabbed his hand, smooched it, and pulled his arm around her. They watched the rest of the movie. For a chic flick it was pretty good. Winston finished his fourth drink and Jess got up to fetch him yet another.
He got up to put in another DVD and stumbled. He was even drunker than he thought. He hadn't had rum in awhile and it was hitting him harder than he realized. The movie he stuck in was a classic James Bond film. He figured Jessica had a good run of girl movies and that she'd be asleep soon anyway. It was after midnight.
They were a third of the way through the Bond flick and he thought she'd fallen asleep when she whispered, "Tunny, I'm horny."
Winston's attentions were split between fighting off a vicious case of room-spins and trying not to get a complete hard-on while watching a scantily clad Britt Ekland work her on-screen magic and having his sister's bare ass pressed against him. "Generally or specifically?" he replied absently.
"Specifically. Like right now. I don't suppose you got me a new toy while you were out?"
"I asked you if you needed anything this morning and you said no."
"I didn't think of it. I don't think of vibrators while I'm having my morning oatmeal."
"I'm not going through what you put me through last night," he said preemptively.
There was a long pause.
"Actually, I don't think you have to. You know what we did after I got off?"
"Yeah," he'd never forget grinding along the smooth tight crease of his sister's perfect ass.
"I really liked it. I think I could come just doing that. If I hadn't had two humongous orgasms just before, I probably would have gotten off again." She wiggled her ass back into him until his hardening, pajama-covered cock was caught between her firm little buns.
"Sis?" he slurred the question.
"Please? You can leave your clothes on this time if you want, I promise. The rum and the romantic movies and snuggling with you for the last couple of hours has me pretty wound up. Just hold still. If you feel like it, you can help by humping back against me."
"Fine."
She ground back against him for a few minutes and, against what was left of his judgment, he found himself pressing back into her. They humped for several minutes. He was soon panting into the back of her neck.
She turned her head to ask him something and in his inebriated state he misunderstood her intention. He kissed her - a long, hard searching kiss that made her gasp into his mouth. It was their first lovers' kiss. She parted her lips in invitation and he slid his tongue into her mouth, playing it across her teeth. She teased him back with her own.
He broke their kiss. "I'm getting raw," he whispered, "need to take my pants off okay?"
"Do it," she said hoarsely. Actually she'd been about to ask him if he minded taking them off when he kissed her.
He shimmied free of his pajama bottoms and spooned back into his sister. She wriggled back against him until he was trapped again between her ass cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact was intoxicating in a way rum could never be. They resumed humping. Her crease was soon slick with his pre-cum. By the way her elbow was moving beneath the blanket, he knew his sister was rubbing her clitoris.
Jess said something so softly over her shoulder that he had to ask her to repeat it.
"I said, 'do you know where you are right there?' "
He had only been following the roughened texture on instinct. He realized now that he had been twisting against her rosebud during their humping. "Oh, wow, sorry."
"No, it's okay, it actually feels kinda good. I just didn't want you to get grossed out."
The late hour and the rum made him honest: "Jess, there is absolutely no part of you that I find gross."
"That was sweet, Tunny. Okay, more humping please. I'm most of the way there."
They resumed their grinding. Soon, the tip of his erection caught on the dent of her sphincter and he was lined up perfectly. They both froze.
It was Jess who broke the silence. "Push a little, Tunny?"
He gently hunched towards her, barely able to breath, barely able to believe what she was asking him to do. His cock was pressed firmly against her backdoor. Even through the rum haze he knew this was wrong on multiple levels. It just helped him not care enough to stop.
"Little more?" she whimpered.
He felt her rear entrance begin to give way. Felt the barrier spread into a tiny circle. Felt that tiny circle yield to their combined pressure as she helped by gently wriggling backwards into him.
His sister grunted a soft "ugh" just as the head of his cock slowly slipped into her ass. Her clit hand moved in a frenzy between her legs. The penetration was enough to bring her orgasm on in a rush. She went rigid, her hand continuing to circle her clit. She curled into a ball, heaving a delighted "God yes!" as her orgasm rolled over her. Her curling motion pulled her away from him and he slid free of her ass.
Winston waited patiently as she caught her breath. She turned her head and she kissed him.
"That was sooooo good. Thank you." She looked at him, her eyes glinting happily. She saw his distress, it was written across his face. "Steven evens again?" she asked, kissing him, her tongue tracing along his lip wantonly.
When he finally nodded, she wriggled her ass back against him and he resumed grinding up between her asscheeks.
Inevitably, his tip was rubbing at the loosened, rougher flesh of her rosebud again.
He angled into it instinctively to maximize the contact and he caught himself at her entrance.
"You want to go inside again, honey?" she asked, her hand drifting to his hip.
"Yessss," he hissed softly.
She reached back and took his warm hard length in her hand. She centered him on her ass.
"Push a little again, Tunny."
He entered her more easily this time and she released her hold on his shaft.
"Can I have more this time?" she asked over her shoulder. "I… I kind of like this," she whispered.
He slid almost three inches of his eight inch length into her. Her rectum was furnace-hot and absurdly tight. It was also slicker than he expected, but then again he didn't have much experience in this department.
"Does this feel good big bro?" she asked, her voice was strained.
The question had to be rhetorical, he realized even in his drunken state. "Uh huh."
"Want to try more?" she offered quietly.
"God, yes."
She pressed back against him as he pushed into her. Inch by inch, he slowly slid his cock another three inches into her back passage.
"Oh my god you feel huge," Jess whimpered and paused, "Tunny, honey, I want… I want all of it… all of you inside me, okay? Hold still."
She resumed her backwards press and together they drove his entire length into her until his groin was pressed into her buns. They both realized that they'd been holding their breath.
"You okay, Jess?" he asked, just now worrying about hurting her with his slightly over-sized tool.
"Uh huh. You're so deep. So very, very deep. Gimme a sec," she panted. "Okay, now do me."
"Like, gently or..."
"However you want. I've already come and I can tell I'm going to come again pretty soon no matter what you do. This feels fantastic."
He began sawing a few inches in and out of her tight rectum gingerly.
She urged him on, reaching back to pull his hip into her. "It's all right Tunny, I won't break. Take me. Take my ass. Your little sister's ass. It's yours. I know you like it. You've been admiring it for years. I've been saving it for you."
"I don't want to hurt you, sis. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wait, you haven't done this kind of thing before have you?"
"No, but it's okay. I... err.... I prepared. The coconut you smell, I put some of my lotion up inside me... where you are. Thank god I did. You're really big. And it feels really good like this - all nice and slippery."
"Why you little..."
"Yell at me later, Tunny. Right now, fuck me."
He began to sodomize her steadily. Jessica slid a hand between her legs and began to touch herself again. Winston watched the blanket move as she masturbated. Then the moving stopped and he felt something slender rub his cock from inside her. She was toying at the entrance to her now-dripping vagina. She teased herself and him through the thin membrane that separated her pussy and ass. She slid her other hand down between her legs and used it to frig herself at the same time.
The utter depravity of their joining and the fantastic sensations raced through them both. They came together. Winston lurched forward to bury his full length into his sister's ass, Jessica grind back against him to hungrily accept every inch. He spurted his seemingly endless supply of cum inside her as she used his cock in her ass together with her fingers in her pussy and on her clit to stretch out her orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer.
The intensity of their release, the late hour, and the rum had them both fall asleep immediately. Neither of them so much as stirred when, a few minutes later, his softened cock finally slid free of her well-used and no longer virgin ass.
~~~***~~~
Winston woke up first. He fidgeted slightly and realized that they were literally stuck together. The brief but painful tearing sensation he caused peeling his dried, cum-coated cock off his sister's butt cheek woke her up too. She rolled over to face him and cuddled into his neck, kissing it softly.
"Morning handsome."
She was demonstrating none of the horror that Winston almost hoped she would unleash over what had happened. "Jess, we need to talk."
"About what?"
The nonchalant routine again? "About what we did last night."
"I needed you again and you were there for me. You're very dependable, brother dear." Her hand slid down his muscled stomach and bumped against his morning wood. "Feels like you're the one in need now, Tunny."
"Stop it. That's just a morning thing."
"Suit yourself, I'm going to take a shower then, I'm all covered in..."
"I know what you're covered in!"
"Come... join me," she grinned at her own pun, "in the shower. We can have more fun if you want."
"No more fun!"
"Okay, okay. But I'm still going upstairs to shower. If you want to keep yelling, that's fine, you'll just have to follow me."
He did follow her. As they climbed the stairs behind her, he fought not to stare at his kid sister's perfect adolescent ass. He followed her into the bathroom and watched as she carefully removed her bra and turned on the shower and stepped inside, closing the glass door behind her.
What words would make her understand that this was all terribly, terribly wrong? He ended up sounding more like a parent than he intended.
"Sis, this is incredibly irresponsible. On both our parts." He watched as she soaped her body and he continued to rant.
Jessica went about her showering as if nothing was wrong. When his ranting slowed, she calmly replied. "What's irresponsible about it? Nobody got hurt. We both enjoyed ourselves. I have a particularly large patch of evidence that you enjoyed yourself dried on my butt cheek over here."
"Jess, you are my sister for God's sake. Look, that first night, I wanted to help you. Last night, we got drunk. Sis, seriously, it's wrong. Really wrong. We have to stop."
"I don't see it that way. We love each other. We're attracted to each other."
"It's not supposed to be like that..."
She finally paused in her shower routine to look at him directly. The perfect, ivory expanse of her body was covered in soap lather. It ran down her flat, smooth belly, dribbled down her long tapered legs. She was an erotic dream. If only she weren't his sister!
She leveled her surprisingly serious green gaze on him. "Things have changed, Tunny. You've been in me. In fact, two out of three holes now stud." She turned and braced one hand against the shower wall then bent deeply at the waist. "Two days ago, you were here." She ran her forefinger up and down the smooth lips of her pussy. "You were there just a little. But just enough." She shivered. "It was the largest orgasm of my life. Well, until..." She traced her fingers upward and circled the fleshy knot of her sphincter, "…until last night when you were here. All the way in." She slipped the tip of her forefinger into her own ass briefly and pulled it free. "I liked it. A lot. Deny it all you want but you liked it too."
She stood and looked at him through the water beaded glass. The shower was cascading down her shoulders and streaming over her beautiful new breasts. Her eyes were emeralds, bright and fierce and beautiful. "Look at me, Tunny. I love you. I'm in love with you. And I want you. We can't take it back. I wouldn't even if I could. Would you?"
Winston didn't have an answer.
"Are you coming in with me?" she asked softly. The invitation meant more than just this one shower.
It was several seconds before Winston whispered hoarsely, "No."
Jessica's shoulders fell. She sighed sadly and shut off the water. He waited for her to open the shower door then handed her a towel. She quickly pressed her dark hair dry than wrapped her long slender body in its terry cloth.
She stepped out and stood in front of him. "If I misread you, if I am really and truly wrong about this... about us... and I've hurt what we are... I'm sorry." She leaned in and kissed him softly, gently, chastely on the lips.
"No points," he smiled weakly as she pulled away.
"That one was free," she reached up and carefully traced his jaw with her hand. She turned and left him alone in the bathroom. He heard her footsteps come back and her smirking face appeared through the doorframe. "But, Tunny, you really ought to get in the shower and wash yourself off. You stuck that big thing of yours in your little sister's dirty place."
"Jess!" he cringed as she disappeared again. But he was glad for the humor. It felt more normal, this kind of teasing exchange between them. He was smiling to himself as he took her advice and stepped into the shower.
He was rinsing off when his sister peeked in. "I'm headed out on errands. I'm looking forward to actually getting out and about for a little while. Be back in a bit."
The house felt emptier as soon as she was gone. He had one errand of his own but was back before her. He ended up whittling away the hours reading, watching TV, and checking e-mail. He sat at the kitchen table to eat a slice of leftover pizza, brooding as he chewed. As tortured as he felt with Jessica around, he was now miserable without her.
She breezed in through the back door, wearing a short denim skirt and a tight red V-necked t-shirt that put her new cleavage on display. She was carrying a few bags. "Wow, it was nice to get out of the house." She paused and smiled brightly when she saw him. "You look sad, Tunny. Don't be sad."
She plucked one of the bags from the rest and slid it across the kitchen table in front of him. "Here, I picked up a few things."
He peered inside. It held a new vibrator and a pack of condoms. He looked up at his sister and rolled his eyes.
She smiled. "Take me to bed."
"No," it came out with a little less conviction than it should have.
"Come on. Upstairs. I'm not doing it on the couch again." It was like she didn't even hear him.
"Sis..."
"I'll be in your room waiting for you. You go ahead and have your last little internal struggle down here. Then come on upstairs and make love to me. I'll be the half-naked girl on your bed."
She brushed past him and left him to his thoughts. He did struggle. It took nearly five minutes before he followed her.
True to her promise, she was there waiting for him on his bed. She was wearing a matching red satin bra and panty set. She looked like the world's best Christmas present.
"When did you know? That I'd cave, I mean." He asked her meekly.
"The first night. When you started humping against me after I started coming. That wasn't just my selfless big brother. It wasn't for me. It was for you. After that, it was just a matter of time. I was willing to work on you the whole summer, honey."
He nodded.
"Don't beat yourself up. I do win our little struggles now and then. And I put an enormous amount of energy into this one." She slid her crimson panties down her legs, revealing her smooth, bare pussy already beginning to glisten. She slipped out of her bra, freeing the large perfect teardrop breasts that now lazed on her chest. She stretched out nude on his bed and smiled. The sight of her like this made his knees rubbery.
"The good news is that I have a pretty good consolation prize for you, Tunny. Me. Come here."
He shuffled to the bed and his waiting sibling. She helped him off with his t-shirt then unbuckled his jeans and pushed them down with his boxers until she was eye level with his stiffening cock. She looked up at him as she closed the distance and touched her tongue to its tip. She grasped it with one soft hand and took its first few inches into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around it delicately.
She spat him out to give him a wicked look. "You're three for three on holes now. From here on out, we're only going to be arguing about depth."
"No more arguing," he sighed. "Where's that new toy of yours? Let's make sure it works."
"That a boy!" she beamed. She reached into the bag next to her and handed him the vibrator.
He realized now that it was out of whatever package it must have come in and the batteries were already in it. She knew what he was thinking. "It was a long drive home." She shrugged.
She spread her legs lewdly and ran her own hands down her smooth, flat ivory belly as he slid onto the bed and settled himself between her legs. His sister watched hungrily as he kissed the inside of each of her legs and then zeroed in on her smooth little teenage sex.
"Tell me," Winston teased her, his face millimeters from her sex. She could feel his hot breath across her delicate flesh.
She knew what he was after. "I want it."
"What do you want?" In for a penny, in for a pound - Winston was going to play her game.
"I want your mouth... on me," Jess panted.
"Where?"
"Here," she ran a finger between her legs and along her smooth pink lips.
"Dirtier."
She snickered. He was mirroring the prompting she'd given him their first time. "Eat me, Tunny. Lap my little clit. Make me cum. You always make me cum so hard."
He barely and briefly brushed his lips against her pussy. His tongue grazed her clitoris. Her body jerked in reaction.
"Have you pictured this?" he asked.
"Mmmhmmm..." she moaned.
"Dreamt of this?"
"Yeah..." she whined, eager for his touch.
"Lied for this?"
There was a long pause. "Yesss..." she finally hissed, "Now please, Tunny, please…"
With his sister's admission, he began working her clitoris with his tongue. Flicking at her little bud, he brought the vibrator to her opening. She was already dripping wet. He slowly twisted it into her. She was tight. He had to press firmly. At a little past two inches, he felt the vibrator push up against something. Something pliable. Some sort of barrier.
Holy Mary, Mother of...
His head snapped up to look at her in disbelief. She smiled weakly, "That's why I didn't let you all the way inside me before."
"So you want me to?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you'll do it. I want it to be you."
"Wow, okay, errr... any particular way you want me to do it? I mean, do you want me to do it now, with this thing?"
"You know I never want to wait. Yes, do it. Just like this."
"Oh boy, I was right, you are a kinky little mess."
"Yep. But now that you brought up kinky, I do have one improvement to what you're doing. Remember when I asked you to inspect my goods last week?"
"Yeah."
"Remember what I asked you if you would lick?" She carefully pulled her knees up towards her chest, it rocked her hips forward and exposed her pale little rosebud. "Do it," she whispered.
"Say what you want," he demanded again.
She didn't need prompting this time. "Lick it for me, Tunny. My ass. Lick me and rim me and fuck me open with my toy. Then fuck me for real. Take me tonight, Tunny. I've waited so long for this. I want your big dick wedged in me before the night is over."
She watched him hold the vibrator pressed gently against her hymen and duck beneath it to lap delicately at the small rose of her backdoor. She groaned and reached a hand down to circle her abandoned clitoris.
"So good," she sighed.
He continued lapping at her tiny, soft ring and began to fuck her with just the end of the vibrator. The combined sensations had her humping up and down instinctively. After a few minutes, he wormed the tip of his tongue into her ass and she started moaning at the new sensation.
At her third moan, he steadily drove the vibrator home through her hymen. Jessica gasped through clenched teeth but continued humping up and down.
"Turn it on," she whimpered.
It took a moment for him to understand what she meant. Then he hastily twisted the vibrator's base and it hummed to life in her. She jerked at the suddenly intense throbbing deep inside her. "Tunny, I'm going to come now... really big... you're still going to fuck me after this right?"
"Mmmhmmm," he confirmed from between her legs, still teasing her rosebud with his tongue.
"Good," she panted. Barely a minute later she peaked, mauling her clitoris and jerking her hips up to swallow the vibrator's length. Her upward motion speared her ass onto her brother's tongue as her body rolled in orgasm.
When her ass came back to rest back on the bed, he slipped the vibrator from her drooling pussy and tossed it to the floor. He crawled up the bed to stretch out next to her. She curled into him, still catching her breath.
"More," she whispered finally, looking up at him through dark hair that had fallen across her eyes. She rolled onto her back again and pulled him on top of her. She took his hard shaft in her hand and pressed it to her battered little hole.
Winston barely remembered the condoms. "Sis, protection first right?"
She nibbled her lip and shook her head. "I lied Tunny. I'm on the pill - been on it for the last year. Be gentle? I'm still a little sore."
He nodded. Together they carefully eased his larger than average cock into her near virgin pussy. She was tight and swollen but slick from her orgasm. She winced as he slid into her, filling her up completely. He felt his tip just brush her cervix. The contact made her shiver. They held motionless like that for several long moments. She willed herself to relax, to accept the oversized cock she'd wanted for so long. He marveled at the beautiful woman beneath him and waited for some sign to continue.
"Tunny, when my chest is healed completely I want you to fuck me from behind. Bent over your desk like I was when you were inspecting my goods. I was fantasizing about that at the time."
He shook his head with a smirk and leaned down to kiss her. When he broke the kiss, she saw him glance down at her chest.
"And I want you to fuck them too. My boobs, I mean. I want to kneel down in front of you and press them together for you to fuck with your big dick. I want your cum on my new tits."
He withdrew from her slowly, experimentally, and she groaned happily. Only half way out, he reversed and thrust back into her. She exhaled forcefully, hazel eyes wide and wild looking up at him. "So good," she groaned under him.
They fucked carefully, never building past a steady rhythm. On his downward thrusts, she rose up to meet him, grinding his full length into her. She found she liked the contact when he bottomed out inside her. When he retreated, she experimented - squeezing down with her muscles. He felt her tighten down onto him and smiled, moaning out a happy "very nice." His compliment made her glow even more.
They continued like this for several minutes until Winston leaned back to sit upright on his heels, still buried in her. "Feel like coming for me?" he asked.
"Always," she purred, and reached up to toy with her own nipples.
He brought his hands down to their juncture and centered both of his thumbs on her clitoris. He began to brush her little bud upwards with each thumb, essentially twiddling his thumbs backwards in an unending circular motion he suspected she might like.
He was, of course, right. How long do you have to love someone - how well do you have to know them - before you sense with near-certainty how to please them best without them asking? Without them even knowing how to ask or what to ask? Five years? Ten? Fifteen? How about your entire life? Winston brought this to bear now.
Jessica's breath caught in her chest at this last touch. Her brother's thick cock, the one she'd fantasized about for far too long was wedged - no, crammed - inside her. It stretched her more perfectly than she imagined because she couldn't imagine it until now.
She looked up Winston, her sweet Tunny, and her head replayed memories from their joint childhood. Thousands of shared secrets and little intimacies. Years of love, of laughter, of trust. When her brother touched her in this last, perfect way, everything rushed together. She felt something huge shift deep inside her - something so large she didn't think it was possible.
"Tunnnnnnnyyyyyy...." she keened, almost alarmed at the intensity of what was coming. "I can't..." she sobbed, actually choking a little.
"It's okay, sis, don't fight it..." He watched the muscles in her abdomen clench, release, and re-clench violently - the faint image of a six-pack appearing and disappearing beneath her pale taut belly. Her new, large breasts rocked with the clenching.
She jerked as the spasms radiated from her torso into her long slender legs and arms. "Alm-m-most ...too... too... b-b-biggg," she stuttered and wailed, arms and legs suddenly twitching, eyelids fluttering madly. She felt the undertow of her impending orgasm dragging at her, sucking at her insides. The sheer magnitude of the looming climax blotted out all thought.
"I love you, Jess," he whispered, "and I always have."
Her wave crashed, rolling her under.
"Wuu ahahahahaha," she shrieked, her slender chest heaving off the bed as her vision went white. Her smooth ivory hips jerked upwards at the same time, mashing into him, grinding up onto his cock until it crushed against her where it bottomed out. Her body remained arched like this for several seconds, her jaw clenched tight, panting through her nose loudly. Her body shuddered The rippling walls of her seizing sex dragged him along towards his orgasm. When she collapsed back to the bed, still peaking, he thrust into her twice and jerked his cock from her to fist it viciously. He grunted as he erupted mightily, jetting cum up across her belly, then onto her breasts, then up to her neck, then into the dark hair splayed across the pillow beneath her head.
He fell forward next to her on the bed where they both lay gasping for several minutes.
"You got your stuff in my hair," she finally laughed, giddy in the aftermath of the lovemaking she'd wanted for so long.
"Complain too much and I'll aim for your face next time," he threatened, reaching an arm around her and pulling her in to his chest.
"That might not be so bad," she replied cheekily. They rested a few more minutes until, lifting her head, she kissed him. She recoiled in mock horror. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go brush your teeth. All I can taste right now is my ass."
He chuckled. "You weren't complaining earlier."
They clambered out of bed and into the bathroom. He brushed his teeth while she relieved a post-coital tinkle.
When she was done, he paused his brushing. "Jess, you said you put an enormous amount of energy into this..." He raised an eyebrow.
His sister sighed. "I got you drunk on purpose last night, Tunny. The drinks I fixed... mine were just Coke. You got a double dose of rum."
He nodded, not entirely surprised.
"And you know that I actually lubed my own butt with coconut lotion just in case I could convince you to take me that way. But... I also broke my vibrator on purpose and left it out for you to find the night before. And it was my idea to show you my breasts and have you touch them before the surgery."
Winston closed his eyes and shook his head as he processed what she'd said.
"How long, Jess?" He finished brushing and rinsed his mouth while waiting for her to answer.
When he looked at her in the mirror, her eyebrows were knitted together with worry.
"How long have you been feeling this way? Working on this? Working on me?!" he said more sternly.
She winced. "I planned this whole thing. I scheduled the breast implant surgery for now so you would be home from school. So we would be alone and you would have to take care of me."
"Yeah but Mom and Dad would have been..."
"I orchestrated Dad's trip to Africa. I just had to plant a couple of seeds in his head about the British colonial period, the summer being the perfect time, their 20th wedding anniversary, yada yada."
Jess was talking in a rush now, trying to blurt it all out and get it over with.
"It started before you left for college, I saw you with your girlfriend in the backyard one night. I watched her blow you. You both looked so happy. For only a moment, I was horrified like I should have been. Then, I don't know, something else happened? I got really turned on. Then I got jealous. Seeing you like that made me realize how I felt about you. That you were more than just a big brother to me. So I started talking nasty to you. I needed to wear away at your image of me as your innocent little sister. The gay accusation stuff was a ploy too. I wanted to goad you a little - make you want to prove to me you weren't gay. I also did it to throw Mom and Dad off."
Winston finally found words. "They don't think I'm gay."
"No, but they think that I think that you're gay. And that's almost as good."
Again he felt the magnitude of his sister's effort. "Wow, okay, that's so scheme-y that it's a little scary.
She looked up at him through her mussed dark hair. "Look, I wish I could say I feel bad about all this but the truth is that I don't. Well, except... Tunny, I'm not on the pill. That was a silly last minute fib. I just really wanted you, without a dumb condom in the way. I'll go on the pill, I swear."
Winston allowed himself a little satisfied smile. "I can at least contribute on that part. I'm reluctant but I'm not dumb." He opened the medicine chest next to him and pulled out a vial. He shook a pill out onto his hand and handed it to his sister. "Morning after pill. I picked a few up at the store this morning."
She stared at the tablet a long moment. He could feel her weighing the decision.
"Kids someday Jess, just not yet. We're young. We have plenty of time to work that out. Together. No scheming, okay?"
He could tell that it wasn't what he'd said that made her put the pill in her mouth and swallow it. It was the way he'd said it. Casually. Comfortably. They were going to be together for the rest of their lives.
She knew that as soon as he said it, she could count on him. He was, is, and would always be, dependable. He was her rock. Her immoveable object - well, nearly immoveable object. That last thought made her smile to herself.
She filled a cup with tap water and took a gulp to wash down the pill. When the cup came away from her lips, he was waiting. She hadn't seen it coming because she couldn't see around the cup and she didn't think he really liked their old game anymore.
She was wrong.
He stole his kiss quickly, his lip curling up just a little smugly at one end like it did when they were kids.
"One up," he grinned.
Jessica eyed her brother carefully. Stealing a smooch in broad daylight, standing right in front of her, in a bathroom with a huge mirror in it was pretty slick. It had required a perfect sense of timing, a subtle shift in his posture to make her turn towards him and away from the mirror without her realizing it, and a keen awareness of her line of sight.
Maybe he wasn't so rusty after all. No, perhaps not quite as rusty as she'd thought.
***
How does the irresistible force move the immoveable object? Deception. It convinces the immoveable object that it isn't moving while it does. The irresistible force lies. Just a little. Just enough.
***
Post-Script: I picture incest as the sexual equivalent of getting into one of those ridiculous knife fights where the combatants are tied together at the wrist from the beginning. It instantly feels close and you get the sense that, absent a miracle, someone is going to be very badly hurt.
With that in mind, I tried to heap a few more intimacies onto the story's situation - bind the siblings tighter together - so they play a childhood game and on top of that Winston periodically recalls their shared youth. It's partly an excuse for the dumb tangents I enjoy dreaming up too.
Some people might like it. Others might not.
Vive le difference!
Author's Note: Ever have a story that screamed away in your head until you got it out? Yeah, this was like that. This is longish, but reads quickly because it is dialogue heavy. I wanted to try one big story as opposed to the multi-chapter thing. For the squeamish - there's some, you know, moderate butt stuff in places here. Sue me.
~~~***~~~
Jessica paused in the dark only a few yards from the rear of her house and crouched by the base of a large pine tree. She'd heard giggling on her walk home from her friend's house. Sure enough, her brother, less than 20 feet away, was with his new, hot, but incredibly vapid girlfriend.
"So you want to see them?" she heard the curvy blonde tease. Jessica realized the question was largely rhetorical. She wondered if the blonde could spell 'rhetorical' or use it in a sentence.
"Yes, please." Well, at least her brother was polite.
"Okay." The blonde yanked her yellow tank top over her head. "Ta-da!" Her large D-cup breasts sprang free into the cool night air.
"Wow, they're amazing," his compliment sounded sincere.
"Now pull down your pants, I'll show you something amazing," giggled the bare-chested girl as she fell to her knees.
Jessica watched as her older brother was serviced behind their tool shed. It turned out that the kneeling girl's skills weren't linguistic - they were oral. She watched as the blonde's head bobbed expertly. Instead of running away or getting nauseous as one might have expected, Jess watched with keen interest. And her mental wheels began to turn.
~~~One Year Later ~~~
"Hiya Winnie. Hey, have you ever had a guy whose dick was so big that when he stuck it in you he didn't even need to move it and it already felt good?"
The casually delivered question nearly caused him to spew breakfast cereal all over the couch. It was wrong on three levels. First, "Winnie" was just an irritating nickname for Winston. (Winston's full name was Winston Churchill Kendall. Only a history professor and his avid anglophile wife would conceive of naming their 21st century American son after Britain's greatest statesman). The point is he was a guy. And no heterosexual man wants to hear a question like that. Ever. Second, this was not the kind of talk people had over breakfast. Third, it was his baby sister asking the question.
This was a little game Winston and his sister Jessica had started to play recently. Well, it was a game that Jessica played with him anyway. It involved her surprising him periodically with nasty thoughts like this that made her sound like a slut at the same time they accused him of being gay. But he wasn't gay. And, as far as he could tell, Jess was not a slut - although you wouldn't know it based on the things that popped into her head and then came flying out of her mouth.
Her odd behavior was not entirely out of character - Jessica had always been clever in a crazy sort of way. She liked to make things up. She was good at it. She had an amazing imagination. Lately she'd been using it towards nefarious ends. Torturing Winston like this was a prime example.
It hadn't always been like that. He thought back to the days of "stolen kisses." He missed that nicer game.
Little Jess was barely seven years old - he was eight - when she explained the rules for stolen kisses to him. She even summarized the history of the game as having been played on the palace grounds by the ten illegitimate children of King William IV. She'd said she read it in some notes their Dad left out for his research into 19th century British royalty.
According to Jess, the game's object was to sneak up on another contestant and surprise them with a quick kiss on the lips. If the frontrunner got three smooches ahead of their victim, they could demand a favor. Usually it meant doing one of their chores or loaning out a favorite toy for the day. Then the kiss count reset to "even" and the game began again.
Of course, she'd made the whole thing up.
They played the game for years until she'd turned twelve. Puberty made her tall, gangly, shy and awkward. She didn't want to kiss him anymore.
As for Jess's sick new I'm-a-slut/You're-gay game, well, he chalked it up to her being bitter about him leaving for college and sticking her all alone with their parents for the last year of her high school term. But in the past six months, her comments had been getting increasingly explicit. Stuff he'd never even considered. It was a little unsettling.
The present 18 year-old Jessica was a tall beauty. At 5'10" she was only four inches shorter than Winston. She was naturally athletic - the captain and best outside hitter of her high school volleyball team. She had filled out nicely since her awkward pre-teen days. Even Winston realized that his kid sister's long slender legs were dynamite in a skirt and she was the only girl he'd seen that actually made those strange women's volleyball bathing suit bottoms actually look good. In fact, male fan attendance at the girls' volleyball meets had increased dramatically when word got out about his hot little sis.
Overall, Jessica's dark hair, large green expressive eyes and general facial features made her look very much like a young Jennifer Connelly, circa Career Opportunities. The likeness was uncanny, with one particular difference - one that chafed her to no end - Jess had small boobs. If her bikini tops were any indication, Winston estimated them at an A-cup. They were cute, round, and perky. Still, she raged at their smallness.
Boobs aside, Jessica was literally a model, or had been. She had done a fair amount of print and TV clothing modeling in her early teens. For awhile there, she was a go-to model for department store advertisements for jeans and skirts. Her perfect little heart-shaped ass could make just about any clothing look good.
Her parents had put a stop to the modeling when Jess's high school grades had slipped though. It took up so much time that she didn't even put up much of a fight - a blessing. Jess's particular blend of smart, pretty, and bold meant she usually got her way with their parents. She also wasn't above a little dirty pool when it suited her either. For these qualities, their dad called her "the irresistible force."
Winston was her flipside - stable, cautious, rock solid and honest. Winston was, and always had been dependable. When he put his mind to it, he could even manage to keep his sister in check. Their sometimes comedic battles growing up inevitably led to him being dubbed "the immovable object."
During what would have otherwise been a quiet family dinner the night before Winston went back to school after his spring break, Jess dropped her sizeable bomb.
"I'm having breast augmentation surgery in three months. Right after I graduate. I want it over with before I start college in the fall." She said it casually like she was commenting on the weather and she did it just as Winston had stuck a forkful of cake into his mouth. She seemed to enjoy doing this sort of thing while he was trying to eat.
"What?!" cried everyone at the table.
"Out of the question," their father objected.
"I wasn't asking permission, Dad. I was letting you know."
"We are not financing this," he replied calmly.
"No prob. I'm paying for it." And there was the trump card his sister had never played. Jess's modeling stint had brought in some pretty good money for a little over three years. Their parents put three quarters of it towards her college. The last quarter they'd given her and she'd stuck it into a savings account. She'd never touched it. Not even a penny. She drove their mom's old car and waited tables on the weekends with her friends for spending cash. It was almost like she'd forgotten about the money.
In the middle of what should have been a titanic blowup, their mom kept quiet. It was partly out of her habit of deferring to her husband, but mostly because she didn't have much of a leg to stand on. She'd had the same surgery ten years earlier. Small boobs, and a desire to remedy that perceived flaw, ran in the family.
"Who's doing it?" her mother asked instead.
"Dr. Nelson." Jess delivered the reply smoothly like she'd been expecting the question. She had expected it and she'd sought out the same surgeon who'd operated on her mother. Even Winston had to admit that was pretty slick.
"Nobody will be around to help you with post-op care. You're mother and I are going to be away for the whole summer," their Dad reasoned. He was taking a sabbatical from the university and they were both headed to Africa on a series of safaris and archaeological tours. It was a legitimate point but it was also a sign that Jessica was winning the argument. The dispute had shifted towards a challenge to her timing.
Jessica smirked, there was a clearly an answer in waiting for this too. "Winston will take care of me." She turned to smile at her brother sweetly. "Won't you, bro?"
"Huh?" was all Winston could get out.
His mother did a better job of articulating the awkwardness of the situation. "He's your brother, he shouldn't be..."
Jess cut her off. "Pfffh, he's gay. I'd be more worried if I was his brother and getting a penile implant. Plus, he's at least partially qualified - he IS studying to be a nurse."
"For the hundredth time, I am NOT gay," Winston seethed.
Jess brushed off his frustration. "Whatever. Are you going to make sure I don't die or end up permanently disfigured or not?
Winston briefly considered suggesting that their Aunt Barb could come and look after Jessica but the irony was she actually was gay. And frankly, she was a bit of a wackadoo. She talked about alien abduction. A lot. Nobody rushed to sit next to her at holiday dinners.
Winston weighed the available choices. He knew his sister well enough to understand that changing her mind was not an option. His parents couldn't back out of their trip - a small fortune was tied up in their summer-long plans. His sister's friends were sweet but, frankly, none of them were terribly bright - they were a collection of cute jockettes. They'd be no help either.
After circling the predicament, Winston finally let his own self interest tip his decision - he had been looking forward to the approaching summer completely unsupervised. He knew his sister was too. If he agreed, there'd be nobody around to spoil it.
"Fine," he sighed, "I'll do it."
"Thanks, Tunny," his sister said softly.
Winston looked up immediately for two reasons.
First, the genuine appreciation in Jessica's voice was nearly unrecognizable. He realized it was a sad commentary on their relationship that jeers and sarcasm were the norm and kindness felt out of place. But right now Jessica's gratitude was real. No sarcastic remark followed. She didn't roll her eyes either.
Second, and more importantly, "Tunny" was a nickname that Jess hadn't used for him in years. When she was little, Jessica couldn't pronounce "Winston" so she'd latched onto its last syllable "ton" and that eventually became "Tunny." He watched her nod then exhale slowly. Her shoulders relaxed too. He felt her smooth leg brush up against his under the dinner table. When their eyes met again, she mouthed the words "thank you" at him silently.
He only then understood that this had been the last potential weakness in her plan. If he'd balked she might have been screwed. She had been depending on him to come through for her. This was an interesting turn of events.
They cleaned up after dinner and everyone went their separate ways that night.
The next morning, Winston was heading back to college. Jessica helped him load his things into his car. As they were trading goodbyes, Winston said his peace.
"Jess, about your surgery…"
She smirked. "What about it? My mind's made up, Tunny. No changing it. I've been thinking about this for awhile."
"I know better than to try to change your mind, my little pigheaded sibling. It's just... if you're doing this has anything to do with the teasing I used to give you."
"You mean how you called me 'LT' - 'Little Tits' that one summer? The whole summer?!"
"Yeah, I'm really sorry about that now."
"Thanks, Tunny. That means a lot. But no, I'm doing this for me. I want a nice big set of boobies," she made a funny face as she held her hands out in front of her slender chest.
"Fine, just don't go freakishly big, okay? You're pretty already, sis. Go too big and people will only be looking at your chest. They'll miss out on the rest of you."
Jess's hazel eyes went large and soft at the unexpected compliment. "That was one of the sweetest things you've ever said to me. I'll think about it. No promises. If it makes you feel better, it might help if you call me 'BT' for a little awhile after it's done. It might soothe my pride."
"That has got to be one of the weirdest requests you've ever made."
"Meh, it's a girl thing. How would you know, what with being gay and all," she needled him.
"That's it, I'm leaving before we get into a fight."
"Suit yourself. Be good at school OK? Don't suck too much dick."
"Yeah, Yeah. I love you too." And off Winston drove to school.
~~~***~~~
Almost three months and a decent round of finals later, Winston came home. His parents had hopped their flight to South Africa two days before to join their first safari of the summer. He called his sister from the car on the way home to let her know he was coming.
She bounded out the side door to greet him as he pulled in the drive. Winston's eyes tracked up her incredible long, tapered alabaster legs sheathed in a small pair of khaki shorts. Her tiny blue tank top showed a bit of her smooth flat belly. Her long dark hair was damp and gathered in a loose ponytail that swung wildly as she dashed across the driveway to crash into him as he got out of his car. She hugged him fiercely.
In the crush of her embrace, he felt the full length of her tight, athletic body. His sister was a firm in all the right places. He also smelled her rosemary-mint shampoo. She guarded that shampoo jealously. He flashed back to her shrieking at him a few years ago when he'd used some out of curiosity. She'd smelled it on him immediately and flipped out. Smell sometimes triggered odd memories for Winston.
"Err... happy to see me then?" he said, a little confused. What had come over her?
"Very happy! This is day number one of the best summer ever," she said into his chest.
She was in good spirits. He credited it to their parents' absence and the fact that her boob surgery was only two days away.
She helped him carry his stuff inside and even up to his room.
"You unpack. I need to shoot mom and dad a quick e-mail. I promised I'd tell them when you got here."
"Okay," Winston watched his sister leave, still wondering at her improved behavior.
Over the next half hour, he unpacked his things and shoved the assorted duffel bags into the closet. He was sitting at his desk stuffing books onto the bookcase above it when his sister gently knocked on his doorframe. Her eyes kept darting down to her feet shyly. Her cheeks were a little flushed.
"Tunny, I kind of have a favor to ask. This is going to sound weird but Doctor Nelson wanted me, well, you to do something before my surgery."
"Yeah?" Winston had resumed stuffing books away.
"You... ah hah ha... you need to look at my boobs," Jess stifled a nervous giggle.
"Huh?" his head whipped back to her. She had his undivided attention now.
"So you have a reference point," she winced. "So if something looks funny later you'll be able to tell."
"Seriously?"
"Hey, what do I know, I didn't argue with the guy. He's the surgeon," she shrugged.
"I, ah, okay," Winston wrapped his head around what was going to happen. "So... when do you..."
Jess didn't answer. She just took two steps forward and her hands drifted to the bottom hem of her little tank top. She looked up from the floor finally and her eyes locked on his. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth and gnawed at it gently.
"What? Now?" Winston asked.
His sister nodded. She started pulling her shirt up, exposing more of her smooth flat belly. She paused, and through the shirt she pleaded with Winston, "First, promise no laughing or teasing okay?"
"Promise," Winston replied fidgeting in his chair. His sister was beautiful and like any normal heterosexual male who laid eyes on her he'd wondered what she looked like naked. Now, with very little warning he was going to find out.
She resumed pulling her shirt off. Winston held his breath. Jessica's round pert little breasts popped into view. They were the definition of perky. Their skin was a smooth unblemished ivory like the rest of her. Her light pink nipples were perfectly centered on each breast. His mouth fell open. Lord, his sister truly was hot as hell. He used the moment it took for her to get the shirt over her head to compose his face.
"Soooo... these are my boobs," she said sheepishly, nodding her head. Her lips were pressed together in a line.
"Yep... those are my sister's boobs," he chuckled, "Sorry, I was laughing at what you said, not at your body. You're a good looking woman, sis."
"Thanks. There's more though. The doctor says you have to touch 'em beforehand too so if you need to pulpitate me..."
"Palpate," Winston corrected automatically.
"Yeah, that's it, palpate me after the surgery you'll be able to tell if something's weird."
"So, you want me to feel you up too?" he smiled, trying to make light of the situation. Humor had always been his defense mechanism for awkward situations. Hers too.
"Doctor's orders." She shrugged as she stepped forward until she was barely a foot away from Winston. Seated, he was eye level with her chest. "Try not to enjoy yourself too much. If you switch sides, you'll piss off your boyfriend." She smirked.
Winston's hands, thankfully perpetually warm, rose until he began to gently touch his sister's left breast with the first two fingers of each hand as he had been taught. Her breasts were warm and soft but firm. If his hands shook a little, his sister didn't notice or pretended not to. She looked at the bookcase behind him as he worked, feeling first one breast then switching to the other one.
Reluctantly, he let his hands fall away. "All right. I now know what your boobs feel like."
Jess looked down to meet his eyes again and smiled. "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Hey," she reached over him to his bookcase. The sudden forward movement brushed her right breast against Winston's forehead. Winston stiffened in various places in response. "Ooops, sorry. I was reaching for this." She held his little digital camera. "Does this thing still work?"
"Yeah."
"Here, take a few 'before' pictures of me? So I can remember what I looked like before my new superboobs." She handed him the camera and stepped back.
Winston knitted his eyebrows together.
"Go on. You can e-mail them to me."
He snapped a front picture of her. She turned to each side. He took more pictures. She got a bit silly and started posing, making funny faces, pushing her boobs up between her arms, then cupping them in her hands. Two dozen pictures later, she thanked him, picked her shirt off the floor and left.
Winston was left sitting in his room. Less than an hour from getting home, he'd seen his sister topless, felt her boobs, and now had pictures of her to boot. What was it his sister had said - "this is day number one of the best summer ever"?
Day number two would top it. He didn't even have to wait all that long.
It was late the next morning, nearly noon, and Winston was finally fighting off the vestiges of his hangover from drinking while reuniting with his high school buddies the night before. Jessica knocked on his closed door then opened it a crack to peek inside.
"Can I come in?" She entered before he had a chance to answer. The hangover together with what his sister was wearing slowed his response. She was wrapped in a bath towel. The fluffy white terry cloth covered her tall slender body from just above her breasts to just a couple of inches below her crotch. Her wet hair, now black, was swept to the side to rest on one perfect, porcelain shoulder. A picture of her like this in a catalog would sell a lot of towels.
"Sure come on in, talk quietly though?" he whispered, "Headache. Bad headache."
She grinned. "Too much fun last night?"
He nodded slowly, squinting his eyes.
"I have another favor to ask. In your weakened condition maybe it's not a good idea," she said cryptically. She turned to leave.
"What is it?" he asked before she got to the door.
"It's pretty crazy."
"Crazier than yesterday?"
"Yeah. Okay, try not to freak out, but I could really use your unbiased opinion on something."
"Sure."
"I need you look at my... stuff."
He raised an eyebrow.
"My hoo-hoo," she resorted to the word they'd used as kids.
"Why on earth..." He sat up in his bed and the blanket fell away. He was bare-chested. He noted that his sister's eyes darted down over his well-defined stomach and chest.
"Doctor Nelson offered to do any plastic surgery I want on my... stuff... when he does my breasts tomorrow."
"Wow, sis this is... this is..."
"Come on, you're the only one I can ask!"
"Why do you want to know what I think about that?"
"You want the list of reasons? Okay, first, you'll be honest 'cause you're not trying to get in my pants. Second, you've probably seen more of these than I have so you can make a decent comparison. Third, and don't get a big head about this, but you're kind of in my target demographic - you know, 'cute college boy.' Fourth, and most importantly, you can keep a secret."
"That was a lot of reasons."
"I like to think I'm a reasonable girl," she smirked, twirling a bit of her damp dark hair in one finger.
"Ha ha. All right, I guess if this what it takes to keep you from having your privates hacked to bits, I'll have a look."
"Really?"
"I've already seen quite a few..." he paused, "...hoo-hoos." He suppressed a grin at the silliness of her word choice. "And as a nurse I guess I'm destined to see hundreds more. I'll just add this to the list."
"Thanks bro." She took as step back and leaned back against his desk, her hands sliding to the bottom of her towel. "Ready?"
Winston sighed and rubbed his eyes with his palms. "As ready as I can get."
Jess started giggling.
"OK, why are you laughing?" he asked.
"Sorry, I think I'm just a little nervous. Plus you should see your face. You're about to see your sister's cooter and you have this incredibly serious expression on."
"I'm trying not to think about it that way. I'm trying to be clinical. This is my clinical face."
"Oh, gotcha. Well, here goes." Jessica slowly lifted the towel until her small, barely-furred sex came into view. She had shaved most of her pubic triangle. The little bit of hair that was left was close trimmed short. Her labia were tiny and the same delicate pink color as her nipples. Like the rest of her, Jess's adorable little pussy was essentially perfect. Winston stared in admiration, the image burning into his brain.
He was quiet too long. Jessica fidgeted. "Well?" she asked, looking down at herself.
"Don't change a thing," he whispered.
"You sure?" she leaned back further against his desk and hunched herself forward. Her entire sex was visible now. Incredibly, she reached a hand down and spread her labia open for him to see. The bared pink flesh inside was smooth and delicate and deeper pink.
Winston's heart skipped a beat and his mouth went dry. "Positive."
She looked up from her crotch to her brother. "You can't see from all the way over there. Come closer, I don't have any cooties."
Winston, hypnotized by his sister's display, pushed forward to the end of his bed where he laid down on his stomach and propped his head with his hands. He was about three feet from his sister's bare sex.
"So, nothing needs fixing?" she asked. "They can, you know, shrink lips and stuff. Do I need it?"
"Not in my opinion."
"What about that freckle?" she pointed to a small dark circle in the delicate curve where her thigh met her groin.
"You've always had that freckle."
"You remember my freckle?"
"Sure, when you were like four years old, you went through a phase when you liked to run around naked in the backyard. Mom and Dad kept checking you for ticks and commenting on your freckle. I don't know, it stuck in my head."
"I was thinking about letting them remove it with a laser."
"Keep it. It's cute."
"Aw, that's sweet. So nothing needs to change at all?"
"Nope."
"Promise?"
"Yeah."
"Hold on," she turned around quickly to bend at the waist, placing one hand on his desk. She thrust her bare ass at him, closing the distance between them to barely two feet. She looked at him over her shoulder. "How about from this angle?"
It was a more wanton pose than Winston was prepared for. Her ass was mostly obscured by the towel she still wore, but he could see the unbroken vertical line of her pussy lips disappear beneath its cloth. If anything, the partial coverage made this perspective more provocative. "Still good," he choked out.
"Wait a second, lemme get this out of the way." She abruptly stood and pulled the towel off, dropping it to the floor. She was now entirely nude. She bent over again, this time well beyond perpendicular until her shoulder touched his desk. She was looking back at him through the space between her long lean ivory thighs. She slid her feet outwards until they were more than shoulder width apart. She went up on tiptoe and the sleek muscles of her hamstrings and her little heart-shaped buttocks played beneath her flawless, pale skin.
Her, well, her everything was on complete display. Absurdly, she was still all business. "Okay, you said 'good.' Now, is that 'good' as in 'OK' or 'good' as in a guy will get crazy hot when he sees me like this?"
It was impossible to be clinical about this. Winston masturbated to images less graphic than what she was showing him now. He was getting lightheaded. "Ummm... the second one. Crazy hot." He felt heat rising to his cheeks.
"You're sure? 'Cause, I want to be a hottie."
"You're already there, sis."
"Awww, that was sweet too," she beamed, "Now, how about just above my girlie goods?"
"Huh?"
"You know, my bumhole."
His eyes darted up to the tiny pale star nestled in her asscrack before he could stop himself. "What about it?"
"Does it look good too?"
"It looks like what it should look like."
"Don't get difficult on me now. You've been really helpful so far. Does it look sexy? I mean, if you weren't my brother, would you want to lick it?"
"How could you possible expect me to respond to that question?"
"Just be honest. What do you have to be embarrassed about? I'm the one standing here naked. Girls can get their buttcracks laser-bleached. Should I do it? I mean, would you lick it?"
He was giddy with irrational lust and still reeling from the hangover. "Probably... if I wasn't your brother."
"Eh, what do you know, you're practically gay," she grinned, still looking at him through the triangular space between her thighs.
"That was a cheap shot." He grimaced.
"Sorry, you're right. That was below the belt. If you want, I'll let you take a picture of me like this too."
"Jess!"
"Okay, just kidding," she stood up and bounced happily over to him. "Here, hugs to make up." She stooped to hug him awkwardly because he was still lying down.
"Umm, sis?"
"Hmmm?"
"You're naked."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." She picked up her towel and darted out his bedroom door.
She was barely out of view before she doubled back and rushed to him as he rolled onto his side and he tried to gather his wits after what had just happened. His wit-gathering failed because she knelt and kissed him. It was the same quick, soft peck on the lips she used to give him years ago as children.
"One up," she whispered. And the years melted away for a moment because that was how they scored their games of stolen kisses.
He was speechless, gaping at his nude kid sister.
"What, you don't remember our game?" she pouted, standing up.
"Of course I do, it's just..."
"Hmmm?"
"Jess, honey, you're still naked." Her crotch was at his eye level and he nodded his head towards it while trying not to look.
"Ahh! Right! Sorry!"
She darted back out of his bedroom, leaving Winston so dazed and confused that his hangover was forgotten.
Thankfully, the rest of the day was relatively normal. Although he caught his sister looking at him now and again and smirking to herself.
The next morning, he drove her to the hospital for her surgery. He dropped her off at its entrance. "Sure you don't want me to come in and wait with you?"
"Nah, I'll be fine. This will probably take all day. If you want, you can stop in to visit tonight. If not, I'll call you to come pick me up tomorrow when I'm discharged."
That night, Winston did visit his sister although she was completely out of it from the general anesthetic and pain killers. He talked to the nurses and they told him everything went well. He parked himself in the chair next to her bed and watched the TV in her room for a couple of hours. His sister's only recognition that he was there was to reach over to take his hand when he rested his arm on the bed. They held hands while he watched TV in silence. He left when the nurses kicked him out because visitor's hours were over.
The next day, he collected his sister when she called. He wheeled her to his truck and together they slowly and carefully transferred her to the passenger seat. At home they put her to bed. It was piled high with pillows so she could sit mostly upright.
He stopped in on her throughout the day, making sure she was getting enough fluids and giving her the prescribed antibiotics and pain relievers.
By that night, she was already looking fairly normal.
He made her a corned beef sandwich, her favorite, for dinner. When he rested the plate on her lap, he paused to sniff at his sister. "Jess, there's no way to put this delicately. You stink."
She grinned weakly. "I'm not an expert but I think your bedside manner might need work. You're right though, I do stink. My last shower was two days ago."
"Want to try a sponge bath?"
"Really? No fooling?" She looked like a starving person being offered food.
"Sure, I could use the practice."
"Oh, that would be awesome! I feel all grimy and gross."
While she ate her sandwich, he gathered a large bowl of cool water, a bar of mild soap, a few washcloths, and a couple of huge towels. Together, they managed to get one of the towels beneath her to keep the bed from getting soaked.
He gently washed her hands and arms. At his urging, she crunched forward a little and he managed to carefully slip her oversized t-shirt off one arm at a time. Beneath it, her chest was wrapped snugly in a tensor bandage.
"Want me to wash your face or would you rather do it yourself?"
"Do you mind doing it? I've actually been enjoying this. I bet your sponge baths will be popular someday." She closed her eyes and he gently cleaned her face.
She couldn't see him with her eyes shut so he took the opportunity to really look at his sister. Her long dark lashes were pretty. She had great lips too. Even her earlobes were cute. Whether he meant to or not, Winston invariably compared prospective girlfriends to his sister and they always came up wanting.
He patted her face dry and took a small tube of moisturizer from off her nightstand then quickly smoothed some on his sister's lips. Its sickly sweet coconut smell made him hungry. "We can't have your smoocher getting chapped. You'll have a lot of boys waiting to pucker up when you get through this." He was laying the compliments on a bit thick. Besides, his sister already had her pick of her classmates.
She opened her eyes and looked at him meaningfully. "But I don't want a lot of boys. I just want one good one. And trust me..." she let that pause go for a couple of heartbeats, "they're really hard to find."
The genuiness of her comment hung in the air. It made Winston uncomfortable. He changed the subject. "All righty, it's time to wash 'The Girls.' Think I'll need a bigger washcloth?" He tried to brighten the mood; humor still his best shield. "Let me know as soon as anything hurts okay?"
Jess nodded as he carefully unwrapped the tensor bandage. "Tunny, this may sound kinda weird, but I'm glad you're going to be the first boy to see them."
"I'm not a boy right now, I'm a nurse."
"You're always a boy to me." She smiled weakly. "And always my big brother."
He didn't reply. Instead he finished unwrapping her chest. It took every millimeter of self-control he could muster to keep a poker face. Sure, there was a lot of healing to do, but he could already tell his sister's new boobs were fantastic. Great, add this to her beautiful face, impossibly long legs and glorious tush. Jess had just piled on one more ridiculously hot thing about her for him to try not to think about. Her new breasts were large, gravity-defying teardrops. They sat a little high right now, but when they settled in she would be ready for a centerfold.
"Well?" she finally asked because her brother was so quiet.
"Hmmm..." he tried to look thoughtful, "Well, should the right one be green on the bottom?"
"What?!"
"Just kidding. Everything looks fine. Looks like you at least kept the size down to something realistic looking."
Jessica bit her lip. "Dr. Nelson called them 'a very generous C.' He wouldn't go any bigger."
"Well, I think you're still definitely eligible for that 'BT' nickname you asked me for this spring. Want me to get you a mirror so you can look?"
"No. Yes. Maybe. Ack, I don't know."
"If you're willing to take my word that everything is okay, I suggest you hold off another day or two until you've healed a bit more. You might freak out a little right now, there's some mild bruising."
"Okay."
"Time for more washing. Ready, Stinky?"
"Hey, I liked 'BT' better," she groused.
"No telling which nickname will stick," he sassed. Their banter helped distract Winston as he began washing his sister's shoulders. When she cooed happily, he let it became more of a massage, stroking her muscles awhile. He washed under her arms as well.
"Lean forward a little. I can get part of your back at least." She struggled a bit, her stomach and chest were sore. He continued with the soapy massage then rinsed her with the unsoaped wet cloth. She leaned back onto the bed with a sigh.
He paused with the washcloth. Okay, it was time for the boobs. He wasn't ready. Would he ever be? He composed himself and ever so gently washed his sister's chest. She winced a few times when he carefully dabbed at her sutures but she didn't say anything. He re-bandaged her and helped her pull on a fresh t-shirt.
"Okay, onto the bottom half." He draped the other large towel over top of her from the waist down for a measure of modesty. She managed to get her sweatpants and underwear started down off her waist before it got too uncomfortable for her to bend forward.
"Help?" she winced. "It hurts to reach."
Winston had to de-pants his sister. A blend of thrill and horror ran through him. He quelled it and reached under the towel for the waistband to her pants at her hip and slid them downward a bit from the side. It was awkward. When they were close to her knees, without thinking, he reached into the middle of the sweatpants to grab them by the crotch. His hand hit the warm center of her panties and he stiffened slightly in surprise. They were soaked. Not sweaty soaked because they were wet only at the crotch. They were horny girl soaked.
No mistaking it, his sister was aroused by his attentions. "It's the painkillers," he told himself. "She's half delirious."
Winston pulled her sweatpants out from under the towel and purposely threw them into the wash basket way on the other side of her room. If he was right, they'd reek of her arousal and he did not need that sensory input right now. He was having a hard enough time dealing with seeing and touching his sister.
He forced these thoughts from his head and focused on washing his little sister's cute feet. "How's that? Too rough? Too soft?"
"Oh just right, it feels amazing. I might take a long time to recover. You may have to do this for months."
"Nice try. You'll be up and around in a couple of days."
He worked his way up her slender ankles and her sleek, toned calves, then her knees. He rolled her covering towel up as he went. He did a pretty good job staying detached again until he got above her knees and started in on her slender, toned thighs. They were silky smooth, flawless and muscular. It was impossible not to have sexual thoughts looking at them and feeling them.
"God, when did my sister get hot thighs?" he wondered to himself.
He must have moved his lips because Jess asked "What was that?"
"Sorry, I guess I was trying to figure out when you went and got all pretty on me."
It was an unguarded comment that made him cringe as soon as it tumbled from of his lips.
There was a pause as the compliment registered with Jessica, and she smiled sweetly. "Thanks brother dear. I do hope you aren't going to say that to all your patients. You might be up on harassment charges," she teased.
At the same time though, she met his eyes and spread her legs a bit. It was a silent invitation for him to continue washing up her thighs.
To be sure, Winston wanted to hear her permission, so he asked. "You fine with me washing your naughty bits?"
"You sound like Mom," Jess grinned. It was true. His occasional resort to a British euphemism was an affectation he'd picked up from their anglophile mother. He didn't even realize it sometimes.
But Jess hadn't answered his question. He smiled and waited patiently until Jess's porcelain cheeks flushed pink and she nodded slightly. "Please? It might kill me to reach down like that."
"No prob," he shrugged, switching smoothly back to American slang. But, dammit, there was a 'prob.' He was about to touch his sister's pussy. It had been virtually impossible to get over seeing it a few days ago. Now he had to touch it? He tried to think about something else.
Jess misinterpreted his hesitation. She looked hurt and embarrassed as she began to slide her legs closed. "If you don't want..."
"No, I want," he reached forward to stop her knees from closing. "Wait, that didn't sound right. I mean, I'm fine with..."
"I know what you meant bro," she smirked. "And thanks. Really. I don't think many guys would be excited at the prospect of washing their sister's goods."
Ah, but that was exactly his problem. He wasn't many guys and he was very excited at the prospect of washing his sister's goods. He just wished he wasn't.
He rolled her covering towel up a bit more and reached beneath it with his washcloth-covered hand, intending to start at her vulva, get a little lather in her pubic hair and gently work downwards to her 'goods' proper. His plan went awry when his washcloth slicked against perfectly smooth skin.
The surprise had shown on his face before he realized it.
Jess giggled. "I wondered how you would react. I got waxed down there the afternoon before the surgery silly."
"Why?" he blurted out.
"Why do you think? 'Cause it's summer and that means bikini season. Plus, all the hot studs that are going to do me will complain about getting hairs in their teeth if I don't. Don't your boyfriends make you shave your goodies?"
For once, Winston was so grateful for a round of I'm-a-slut-and-you're-gay that he did something completely different. He actually played along. In his best lisp he responded, "Sweetie, they are so grateful to get a piece of my grade 'A' cock that they're happy to deal with a few hairs." It distracted him well enough that he could quickly soap her crotch.
Jess grinned. "Really?!"
"No! I'm not gay!" He said, exasperated. He came back to her with a second towel to rinse her, both of them aided by the distraction of their banter.
"Pfffft, I meant about the grade 'A' part."
"How should I know? I don't have a lot of comparative data."
"Show me and I'll tell you."
"What?"
"Come on, you saw my stuff! Hell, you're rubbing it right now."
He was. And now he became all too aware of it. He finished and withdrew his hand from beneath the towel before responding. "Look, you got naked so I could help you decide whether or not to get more surgery. Of course I looked at your bits! I'm not having anything done to my junk. No reason for me to drop trousers on you sis." In his nervousness he was ping-ponging transatlantically for his euphemisms.
"Well, it would make me feel less weird about being naked in front of you for all this. We'd be Steven evens."
The last two words of her retort tugged at his heartstrings by making him think of when they were kids again. It was another Jessica-ism. Like her inability to pronounce 'Winston' or 'spaghetti' (she nearly hit high school before she stopped saying "puh-sketty"), Jess had mixed up a few common phrases like "even Stevens" when she was little. She'd twisted it into "Steven evens."
"No deal chickie."
"You suck," Jessica whined.
Winston grinned. "I told you, I'm not gay."
His sister giggled despite herself. "I meant generally."
"I know what you meant." In the pause, he stooped to kiss her on the cheek. "I'm going to go downstairs and grab a bite to eat. You need anything?"
"No, I'm OK. Hand me that black bag before you go though? I've got my iPod and stuff to read in there. I'm all TV'ed out today."
Winston left with the bowl and washcloths. He took the stairs down two at a time. His head felt clearer the further he got from Jessica. His heart and his cock were begging him to go back though. He could handle the second traitorous body part easily enough. When he got to the kitchen he unrolled two paper towels, undid his pants, and masturbated into them. The towels. Not his pants. It took about 5 seconds for him to finish. Now, that just left his heart. No fix for that.
He reheated some leftovers and watched a baseball game. It ran into extra innings and he fell asleep on the couch before it was over.
He woke up in the middle of the night and went upstairs to check on his sister before going to bed. Not wanting to disturb her, he didn't turn on the light on his way in. He damn near fell on his ass when he stepped barefooted onto a small, hard cylinder on her wood floor. He found the offending object and picked it up to look at it against the small amount of light coming in through her bedroom window. He jerked it back down when he realized what it was.
Holy crap, it was a vibrator. His sister's vibrator. Now what?
Winston did two things next that he instantly knew that he would deny to his last breath. He'd lie to the Pope if he had to.
First, he lifted that vibrator to his nose and sniffed it.
Second, he licked it. Sweet. Tart. Tangy. Just a tiny hint of musk. It tasted like sheer heaven.
What would happen if the most fantastic smelling, the most fantastic tasting, pussy you ever came into contact with was your sister's? Your little sister's? (Nah, don't incriminate yourself. Let's stick to Winston's case). Winston's cock hit 110% on the stiff-o-meter.
His sister masturbated with a vibrator.
Yep, his sister masturbated with a vibrator.
He had to think it twice for the idea to penetrate fully.
He looked around. On the floor next to her bed was the black bag he'd handed her before leaving to go downstairs. She must have knocked it off the bed in her sleep. It was bad luck that her sex toy was the one thing to fall out into the open. Out of curiosity, he twisted it at the base to turn it on. It didn't. It was either broken or... he snickered to himself... she'd run down the batteries. He tucked it back into the black bag and slipped out of her room.
Here's what Winston missed because he was nightblind when he entered her room and so thrown off by his discovery: Jessica was awake for his brief visit. Unlike her brother, her eyes were quite adjusted to the dark. She saw what he did with her vibrator and barely managed not to gasp as she watched. She'd already been having trouble falling asleep. Her brother's sponge bath had left her in sweet agony. Out of frustration, she'd tried to masturbate with the vibrator but her stomach and back were too sore to do it comfortably. Yet more frustration. She'd thrown her toy to the floor to break it and for him to see. What she saw her brother do only made it harder for her to sleep.
The next morning when Winston checked on his sister he found her already awake but looking tired. "Want another washing today, BT?"
Jessica smiled. "Don't get me wrong, the sponge bath was fun, but I'd kill for a shower."
"No showers until tomorrow."
"How about a real bath then?" she pouted.
"A bath is possible if we're extra careful to keep your sutures above the water. I'll go fill it up."
"Fill mom and dad's tub? I want the big tub. And bubble bath."
"Sorry, can't have bubbles."
"Ugh, how about that milk bath stuff of Mom's then?"
He thought about it. "Don't see why not."
He went into the master bath and started running hot water into the tub. He doused it liberally with lavender milk bath. When it was full, he helped his sister out of bed and they slowly walked together into their parents' bathroom.
He'd seen her naked but still looked away as his sister disrobed carefully. His effort to give her privacy was wasted when she cried a quick "Help!"
She was having trouble leaning over in order to step up over the side and into the tub. He lent her one hand and steadied her shoulder with the other from behind. He got a long look at her perfectly heart-shaped ass as she stepped in with one leg.
"See anything you like?" Jess said wryly. He looked up. She was grinning at him in the large mirror on the opposite wall over the bathroom's double sink.
He stammered that he was watching her get in the tub, not ogling her butt.
"It's okay Tunny, it's actually kind of a compliment. Guess my booty is so sweet that even my big brother can't help checking it out."
"Yeah, and umm... I'm gay."
"That's right, you're gay," she gave him a funny, challenging look.
Together they gingerly eased Jessica into the tub. When she tried to lean back, they hit their next problem. Their parents' extra long tub was too long for her to reach the other side with her feet and stay upright. Jessica nearly slipped too far into the water.
She winced at her brother. "Now what? Sitting upright like this really hurts. I need to lean back."
"Gimme a sec, I'm thinking. We need something big you can lean back against."
"You're big..."
"Yeah, but I can't reach across the tub."
"Tunny, are you being dense on purpose? I meant you could get in the tub with me and I could lean on you."
"Oh, uh well…" he said uncertainly.
"Come on, it'll be like when we were kids and Dad threw us in the tub together."
He hesitated. "Jess, I'm not sure I can..."
"Jesus Christ, get in this fucking tub, Tunny! My stomach and chest are killing me!" Jessica wailed, her body twitching at the effort to staying upright.
Winston stripped down to his boxers and hopped into the tub behind his sister. He swung a leg over the other side of her and settled down, then pulled her back to lean against him.
Jessica exhaled slowly as the bruised muscles in her torso relaxed. "I'm really sorry I yelled," she said quietly after a couple of minutes.
"Heh, that was a pretty good one. I haven't heard you scream like that in years," he replied gently. He briefly recalled the tantrums she used to throw.
She settled herself into him until her upper back was pressed against his chest. Her head lolled at his shoulder. She sighed happily as she rested the side of her face onto his chest.
His sister's dark hair brushed his cheek, tickling Winston's beard stubble. Her bare chest was well above the water and just beneath him, he was looking down her shoulder. Jessica's new breasts were large and firm and perfect. There was no fighting his body's natural reaction under these circumstances so he didn't. His erection struggled to grow to its full eight inch length, pushing its way up his sister's lower back. She shifted slightly to let it finish hardening then leaned back against him to trap it between their bodies again.
"Well, it feels grade 'A' anyway," she whispered.
"You're not helping, Jess."
"Sorry, thought you'd like to know though."
"Thanks sis."
"Turn off the lights, Tunny? I'd like to soak in the dark for awhile. That all right with you?"
"Sure." He flipped the light switch next to him and the bathroom went pitch black. With any luck, the situation would be easier if didn't have to look at his absurdly hot sister.
Winston was wrong.
He couldn't see her breasts anymore, but things got worse because… well, what happens when you can't see? Yep, his other senses sharpened. He smelled her more intensely now. Her hair was musky - they'd have to wash it soon - but it was a good musk. A young woman's musk. He heard her every breath too. Even her breathing was cute - innocent belly breathing through her nose and mouth. He felt her every twitch. He felt his own heartbeat too. This was not relaxing.
Perhaps having the same problem, or sensing his, Jessica started humming softly. He focused on the sound to drown out the other sensations. It took him a minute to recognize the tune. It was the lullaby that their Mom sang to them when they were little. Even that was English. No "rock a bye baby" for the Kendall kids. No sir-ee. That would be too damn normal.
"Do you realize what you're humming?" Winston asked his sister.
"Mom's lullaby right?"
"Do you know the words?"
"Mmmm... no I don't remember."
"It's called 'Lavender's Blue.' " He cleared his throat and sang the first verse, the only one he could recall:
Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green,
When I am king, dilly, dilly, you shall be queen.
Who told you so, dilly, dilly, who told you so?
'Twas my own heart, dilly, dilly, that told me so.

Jessica chuckled. "You remember the weirdest things. The freckle next to my cooter. Now Mom's lyrics."
"Yeah, I guess it popped in my head because we're sitting in this lavender bath stuff." Another memory prompted by a scent.
"Funny. You know, I'd be your queen Tunny. Like in the lullaby, I'd be your queen."
It was his turn to chuckle.
"Push my back up a sec?" she asked as he laughed.
He helped her upright and she used that opportunity to plant a palm on his chest and twist into him. It was dark and they were talking about lullabies so he didn't see it coming. She kissed him - that quick, soft peck on the lips that scored their game.
"Two up, Tunny," she sighed and he swore she lingered a moment in the perfect dark just millimeters in front of him because he felt her warm breath exhale out onto his face and the cool vacuum of her next breath inwards. She finally turned her back to him and reclined against him again. "You're not as good at this game as you used to be, I think you're rusty."
The intensity of her closeness, their mutual near-nudity, and the dark gave him the courage to say what he was thinking. "I'm not even sure what game we're playing anymore, Jess."
"Same game, honey." She searched for his hand under the bath water and took it. She squeezed it gently. "Just higher stakes."
They lingered in the dark, in the bathtub, each thinking their own thoughts. Jessica went back to humming their Mom's lullaby.
Winston's head was a swirl of emotions. They shared so much history. Was it helping? Or was it hurting?
Thankfully, the bath began to get cool.
"Ready?" He finally asked. "I'm turning into a giant wrinkle back here."
" 'Kay," came her short, soft response. She sounded disappointed that their bath time was ending.
Leaving the lights off, he carefully helped her from the tub and slipped out of his waterlogged boxer shorts. He toweled her dry from head to toe, grabbed another dry towel, and wrapped her in it.
Then he flicked the light on. Ooops. He'd been so focused on making sure his sister was dry and covered that he forgot about himself. He was standing there completely naked. Their eyes met for a millisecond and Jess immediately looked down at his erect eight inch cock. He saw her eyes go wide in surprise just as he flipped the light switch off.
"Whoa, that definitely looks grade 'A' too, brother dear," she snickered in the dark.
"Very funny. Show's over. Now go get in bed. I'm putting on a towel."
"Awww..." she whined as she made her way back towards her bedroom.
He wrapped a towel around his waist then followed her to her room.
"Stay with me some more?" his sister pleaded.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jess."
"Please? I'm having trouble sleeping. Just watch TV with me?"
"All right, at least let me put on some pajamas."
"Yay! Slumber party! Could you microwave some popcorn too?"
Before he left he watched his sister, still wrapped in the towel, carefully get into bed.
He returned in a few minutes with a big bowl of popcorn and hopped onto the bed to join her. He noticed the towel she'd been wearing was folded at the foot of the bed. He hadn't helped her dress.
"Sis, what are you wearing under those covers?"
"Practically nothing."
" 'Practically nothing' or nothing."
"The second one."
"Si-is!" He made it a two syllable whine.
"Oh come on," she rolled her eyes, "you can't see anything. Besides, you've already seen my entire body anyway. Plus, the fresh sheets you put on the bed feel wonderful against my skin."
"I give up," Winston sighed.
"Finally," she cheered, "now gimme some popcorn."
He passed the popcorn and the TV remote. It was still her room, after all. She inflicted the Lifetime channel on him mercilessly. As a defensive measure, he fell asleep.
He woke up when he heard his sister breathing funny and he slid one eye open. The TV was on, lighting the room, but the volume was muted.
As his mental sleep fog began to clear, he realized Jessica's hands were moving beneath the covers. That, combined with her breathing and well... his sister was clearly masturbating. But, if he was reading her face correctly in the poor light - her lips pressed tightly together, her dark eyebrows scrunched together too - she looked kind of pissed. Was she having trouble getting off because he was in bed with her? Or maybe, he realized, it was because she'd broken her vibrator. He wondered if she could satisfy herself without it.
She groaned softly in frustration and stopped, apparently giving up.
He pretended to shift in his sleep and wake up.
"You still awake, sis?" This was obvious because she was staring right at him.
"Yeah," she huffed.
"What's the matter, still can't sleep?"
"No."
"Want some warm milk or something?"
"No."
"Look, I'm not saying it's smart but there's some left over Vicodin in dad's medicine chest. I can give you one. It might zonk you out enough so you can get some rest."
"No."
"I hate seeing you like this kiddo. Sure there isn't anything I can do?"
"Anything? Would you... would you buy me a vibrator?" she blurted that thought out so fast it sounded like one long word run together.
He automatically parroted it back to her for confirmation before he realized what he was saying, "Buy you a vibrator?"
"Mine broke," she sniffled, "I'm so used to playing with myself before going to sleep that I'm all messed up now."
"Aw jeez, sis."
"I know, I'm sorry but I'm climbing the walls. It's actually getting worse."
"Even if I could bring myself to buy sex toys for my sister, the only adult shop anywhere near here is down on route 52 and," he glanced at her alarm clock that read 1:15, "they closed at midnight."
She looked at him funny.
"Let's not talk about why I know that," he smiled.
His self-effacing humor made Jessica stifle a laugh.
"Looks like you're screwed missy. Or not screwed, rather," He joked again, hoping to turn her mood around.
It worked and she followed his humor like he'd hoped. "Then just go get Dad's gun and shoot me," she said melodramatically.
She looked around for the TV remote. It had slid down towards the foot of the bed. She leaned forward a bit to grab it but couldn't quite reach. He stirred and leaned over to grab it for her.
It was a trap. She kissed him the quick soft peck on the lips.
"Three up," she grinned. "Now say it," she said smugly.
"Oh come on."
"Say it."
"I don't even remember how it went."
"Bullshit, you never forget anything. Now say it."
Winston sighed. He affected his most preposterous theatrical British accent and recited the ritual offering of stolen kisses: "And what favor would my Lady Who Is Most Sneaky ask?"
Jess responded in a voice even more outrageous than his, a high-pitched, trilling accent. "The Lady's boon shall be... " but Jess paused.
"Tunny, I can't say my boon in my little girl voice because it would be really wrong." She looked in his eyes and he felt the weight of what she was trying to say. "I need your help. I need you, Tunny. Tonight. Do you understand?"
"Sure sis, you know that..." he trailed off when he realized what she was asking.
"I don't need romance, Tunny. I need satisfaction. You won't even have to do much."
"Aw jeez, Jess..."
"I just need you to touch me a little. Nothing crazy."
"Other than the fact that I'm your brother?"
"Yeah, there's that. But I think that's actually going to help. I feel safe with you."
"Help you. Not me!"
There was a long pause. Jessica let her large soft green eyes show her need.
"Fine, where do you want me to touch you?" He relented.
"Where do you think? Come on under the covers." She lifted the blankets and he slid under them with her. "Now get closer. Cuddle in next to me."
He curled his body into his sister's side. "Like this?"
"Good, now give me your right hand." She drew up the leg nearer to him at the knee until her foot was flat on the bed. She slid his hand from her hip along her thigh, caressing herself with him to her knee. Then she slowly drew his hand down the back of her leg along the long firm muscle of her hamstring. His breath caught a bit as her hamstring transitioned smoothly into the smooth curve of her right butt cheek.
Jess circled two fingers of his hand and drew them slowly across to her sex. He felt the smooth delicate folds of her outer lips. When he felt the moist heat of her opening, Winston gasped.
"It's okay, silly, you've washed my entire body, including this."
"You're crazy. This is way different."
"Yeah, I think you're right, this is different," she giggled. "This is way better. Feel how smooth I am after waxing? I really like it. It feels sexy. Okay, now we'll just barely slip your fingers inside me."
She sighed as she teased her entrance with his fingers then slowly pushed them into herself. "Good, right to there. Stop. Not too far. Perfect. Don't move 'em unless I say so. Got it?"
"Got it."
"You can breathe though, you know. "
Winston hadn't noticed he was holding his breath and let out a nervous exhale. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little tense."
"Relax. Don't be nervous. You're doing great. I'm enjoying this. It feels... Tunny... this feels really, really right to me. Is that weird?"
Winston chuckled nervously. "It's your hormones talking. You'd say that to the twelve year-old kid who delivers our newspaper if he was in my place right now."
"Maybe," she giggled again.
"Tunny?"
"Yeah?"
"I love you," she said simply. She turned her head to softly kiss his nose. It was a sweet but absurdly chaste gesture given where his hand was.
"I love you too, sis."
She closed her eyes and settled herself. He watched her lick her lips, her little pink tongue darting out to trace their outline. It made Winston wince. He watched quietly as his sister began to masturbate. His eyes darted between her flushed face and the outline of her hands moving beneath the concealing blanket.
At one point, on pure instinct, Winston began to move his fingers in and out a little without realizing it. Jessica's eyes immediately flew open and she shook her head. "No," she whispered hoarsely. He nodded and held still.
A minute later, his sister's body began to move jerkily. Her breathing had become quick and shallow.
"Tunny, tell me to cum?" his sister whimpered.
"Go ahead and cum, Jess."
"More. Tell me more."
"Let it out honey. Let it out and be happy."
"Dirtier."
Winston blurted out what he was thinking. "Cum on my fingers, Jess. Let me feel your perfect little pussy cum all over my fingers."
"My brother's fingers," she moaned. That did it. She groaned and spasmed. Her twitching walls clutched at the two fingers just inside her. Winston had to bite his own lip to keep quiet as he watched her vibrate through her release.
"How was that?" he asked as his sister finally relaxed.
"Wonderful," his sister opened her eyes and looked at him. They were glazed and her pupils were huge and dark.
"I'm glad." He gently eased his fingers from her. "Maybe now you can get some rest..."
Jessica frowned. "Not yet, I need more."
"What?"
"What can I say? I'm not really a one-and-done kinda girl. I usually go at least twice. Do you have any condoms, Tunny?"
"Whoa, no I don't. Do we really need to..."
"Shit. And, yes, I know what I need right now. How's your willpower Tunny? Oh god, why am I even asking? You're like a walking pyramid of willpower. That's half our problem..." she muttered that last part to herself only semi-cryptically. "It doesn't have to be a big deal, I'm just going to borrow the first inch and a half of your grade 'A' thing for a couple of minutes. Got it?"
"Let me see if I have this right, you're going to use my real thing as a substitute for your fake thing which you need in order to properly fantasize about getting the real thing and have another orgasm so you can sleep."
"Yep."
"Right. Great. This makes perfect sense," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be mean. It'll make it harder for me to relax."
"You're serious... why do you need me to do this?"
She turned to look at him. A lock of her dark hair covered one eye. Her ivory skin glowed in the light of the television. "Am I pretty?"
She had to know the question was rhetorical. "Yes," he said softly.
"Do you love me?"
"Of course."
"Did you lose at stolen kisses?"
"Yes.
"Do you want to help me?"
"Yes."
"Then let's stop talking about the 'why' and get down to the how." She looked at him a little more seriously. "Besides, frankly, at least one part of you is really enjoying this. I felt your nice, big thingie poke me in the side a few times."
She reached down and gently inserted her hand into the waistband of his pajama bottoms. He didn't move to stop her as her fingers circled his erection. The unfamiliar and illicit contact between his sister's hand and his cock made his head spin. His eyes slid tightly shut. So wrong. So very wrong. She stroked his end a few times, distributing his pre-cum, then grabbed the waistband and hauled it down over his hips. His erection sprang free.
The boldness of her move made Winston's eyes fly open and fix on his sister's face. She was staring at him intently, her mouth hanging open. She pursed her lips and exhaled as she drew his cock beneath her raised leg and towards her opening. He felt the heat radiating from her entrance before she placed him to her hot wet sex. They were just barely touching.
"Hunch into me a little?" she whispered.
He curled more tightly into her. Slowly, painstakingly, she rubbed him at her opening. She was warm, slick, and tight. So tight that he had to help by pressing into her steadily. It was the most intense feeling of his young life as he entered her. She gently but insistently stopped him before he was two inches inside her.
She was panting already. "Wow. That's good. You're ah... don't take this the wrong way, but you're nice and meaty in the way it counts. I feel stretched."
"Jess!"
"Sorry, but it's true. Okay, seriously, no cumming, Tunny. As bad as this is... as bad as what we're doing is... if you come it would be really bad. Okay?"
"'Kay," he choked out. This was going to be even more difficult than he thought. He might as well never had sex before. The sensation of being inside of his sister made sex with other women pale by comparison.
He felt her hand moving above his shaft, playing at her clitoris again. Periodically, she traced a few fingers down around his girth to gather moisture from their leaking intersection to continue her masturbation.
For the first two minutes Winston forced himself to think about anything not sexual.
His sister interrupted his focus. "Tunny? Can you get on top of me? Please? It feels funny from this angle. It's unbelievably good though. I'm going to cum really hard, I can tell already."
He slipped out of her briefly then rose and slid between her legs. She carefully pulled him back into her, no further than before, and went back to masturbating. He looked down at his beautiful kid sister's face, flushed with excitement. He fought the urge to lean down and press his lips to hers. He made the third and fourth minutes by exerting his considerable willpower.
Moving into the fifth minute, he starting formulating a way to tell his sister that he needed a break before...
Hallelujah! She rescued him with her second orgasm. Moaning a steady series of softly grunted "Ugh hugh ugh hugh, yeah," she jerkily rocked forward and back in her enormous release. To his relief, her orgasmic rocking caused him to pop free from the warmth of her vagina.
Unfortunately, his respite was brief because on one of Jessica's downward rockings his slickened shaft slid up between her asscheeks and skidded up along the crack of her ass. Instead of objecting, Jess, still cumming wildly, rocked herself up and down further, trapping his cock between her firm buns. She continued touching herself, riding out her orgasm.
Winston couldn't help himself. His resolve was already in shambles from holding out inside her. No harm could be done like this and it felt too damn good. He began to push forward to meet her.
Jess finally came to her senses and realized her brother was moving against her urgently. She continued rocking up and down gently with him. "Can you come like this?" she asked softly as they hunched together. She clenched the cheeks of her ass, massaging his cock with her sleek, muscular buns.
"Definitely," he groaned, looking down at her hungrily.
"Then do it," she said, her expression soft and affectionate.
"Are you sure, sis?"
"Absolutely, it's only fair. You were was so good, so patient, for me just now. I know it probably just about killed you. I owe you. Go ahead, hump my little teen butt and get off too. We'll be Steven evens."
"You're horrible."
"Yeah yeah," she grinned a little, "keep humping, buddy. Just not too rough. It hurts my boobs when they bounce." She carefully held her chest in place with her arms.
It was barely another minute before he came, and dear Lord he came, he jerked himself back and away from her and quickly grabbed the towel off the bed to wrap himself in its terry-cloth. Immediately, he was wincing with the force of his own orgasm. He pulsed into the towel in heavy throbs of thick semen. It felt like he was ejaculating molasses. He couldn't remember ever coming this hard before.
When he finished, he was panting. His head hung limply from his shoulders.
"Was it awesome for you too?" his sister finally asked, looking up at him. Her voice was already sleepy.
"Very."
"I'm glad. Good night, Tunny," she turned her head to rest on the pillow and closed her eyes. "And... thanks."
"Good night, sis."
He gingerly removed the now cum-soaked towel from them both and looked away as he fixed her blankets. Given what they'd done, he'd seen very little of his sister's nude body. He flung the towel into the wash basket on the other side of her room. He padded barefoot back to his own room and threw himself on the bed. Guilt gnawed viciously at him for what had just happened.
~~~***~~~
He must have fallen asleep because he woke up to daylight and the feeling of his sister's lips pressing softly into his. "Hey, I was sleeping," he groused. "No points for a sleeping smooch."
"I know," she replied softly. He didn't need to open his eyes to know she kept her face just fractions of an inch from his. They traded a few breaths. It was an intimate moment and Winston's cock stirred involuntarily. When he opened his eyes finally, her bright eyes - hazel at the moment - occupied his entire field of view.
She rubbed her nose against his in a quick Eskimo kiss then retreated. He blinked as he looked at her. She was wearing his green cotton bathrobe. "I smooched you because I'm happy. I finally got a great night's sleep and today is New Bra Day!"
No mention of what they did last night? Winston wondered if they could ever put that completely behind them.
In the meantime, Jessica was right. It was the third day after her surgery and she was supposed to switch from the tensor bandage to a non-underwire bra. She dragged him out of bed and led him over to her room where she pulled the top drawer of her dresser open.
"Look, sis, about last night..."
She didn't even look up. "What about it? I needed help and you were there for me. You're a good brother, Tunny. Always have been."
"That's it?"
"Yup," she said simply. "Feel free to beat yourself up about it, but that's how I see things. Now, can we talk booby-holders?" she cried gleefully picking around the drawer's contents. It was filled with nearly two dozen sets of new underwear. The bras were sized for her new breasts - she'd clearly gone shopping beforehand.
Jessica's eyes were darting everywhere. "I can't decide. You pick. Which one is going to be the first to hold my new superboobs?"
He was at a loss, still reeling from her casual acceptance of last night's - what was it? Mutual masturbation, he guessed. He also didn't know much about bras. "Uhh... how about this one?" He pointed at a pretty, white lacy one.
Jessica laughed. "A push-up demicup? You're such a boy. I'll wear that one for you later. Right now I need something with support, dummy."
She rifled through the drawer and pulled out two bras. Both were full-cupped lacy affairs but one was black and one was electric blue.
He'd always liked blue. "That one." He pointed to it.
She turned her back to him and loosened the robe. Then she careful donned her new bra. "Oh this is awesome," she chimed, pulling it gently into place.
"How so?"
"I used to have trouble filling out an A cup. It was annoying having gappy underwear. I had to be careful matching some sweaters with the right shaped bra. Ugh, I hated it," she grumbled. "But now, I am seriously filling out this bra. I've got extra cleavage in a C-cup!"
She spun to face him, holding the top of the robe open. "Check it out."
"Whoa." It was all he could get out. The roundness of her creamy white breasts overfilled her bra slightly, pressing together into a tight cleavage above it. Her pale skin against the electric blue was... well... electric.
"You like?" She shrugged her shoulders and her chest swung minutely.
He gawked a little and found his voice, "I think you could hypnotize people with those things."
"Really? People? Anyone in particular? Like you perhaps?"
No point in denying it. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm 'people.' "
"Good. Now hand me the matching panties."
He did. They were small and lacy. There wasn't much fabric to them.
Bending over slowly, painstakingly, she stepped into them and pulled them up and on beneath the robe. She flung the robe off to stand in front of her brother.
"How's the whole package?"
He gave his best, cheesy wolf whistle. "You'd have your pick, but I'd go with Perfect 10."
"Huh?"
"The magazine. Don't get me wrong, Playboy and Penthouse would take you too, I'm just saying."
"Dork. Want to be the first to get a new, big boobie hug?"
"Sure," he said as she slid the two steps into him and pressed herself gently against his body.
"How's that?" she giggled.
"Nice." He looked down over her shoulder at her ass. The lacy electric blue panties weren't a thong but they were quite brief. Half of her buttcheeks were uncovered. Her tush looked delectable. "You're tarting up the panties a bit there too sis. Mom might freak when she sees them in the washer."
"You said that if I got big boobs that people wouldn't notice the rest of me. You had a point, so I'm emphasizing my sweet little tush a bit extra."
"That wasn't the point I was trying to make."
"I know. But I derive a certain satisfaction out of twisting your honorable intentions to my own devious ends."
Her cheeky response rang so true that it made him pause for a moment. "Sis, I'm having that printed on a t-shirt for you to wear around. It could be your life's slogan."
"And I'd wear it," she snickered. "But for now, here's your fair warning Tunny, I'm not putting any more clothes on than this for today. I want to enjoy my spiffy new body. Think you'll survive?"
"Sure. I'm a... what did you call me?"
"A pyramid of willpower."
"Yeah."
"And you're gay," she reminded him with a smirk.
"Sure, I'm a big ol' gay pyramid of willpower."
She giggled. "Speaking of which, there's a bone I've been meaning to pick with you for awhile now."
"Hmmm?" he covered his mouth against a stolen kiss as she leaned into him.
Instead, she whispered into his ear, "Why didn't you tell me that cum tastes so good?"
"Dammit it, Jess!"
"Haha. Gotcha. Come on, I'll make you breakfast. When is the last time you had my patented oatmeal?" She ducked out her bedroom door and down the stairs.
With Jess gone, Winston's eyes sought the cum-soaked towel from the previous night. It was his very own Tell-Tale Heart, he could practically hear it throbbing: "Bad brother. Bad brother. Bad brother."
It took him a moment to locate the towel because it wasn't in the wash basket he'd tossed it into last night. Jess must have moved it. It was on the bed now. "Wait a second, had she been talking about the taste of his cum?" he wondered before crushing that down with a heavy mix fear, revulsion and disbelief. He shook his head and followed his sister down into the kitchen.
Jessica's patented oatmeal had less to do with oatmeal and more to do with the maple syrup, brown sugar, honey and assorted dried fruits (raisins, cranberries and chopped apricots) that she added lustily. Oatmeal was just a binder. The stuff was essentially sugar-based rocket fuel. Winston loved it, but then his sweet tooth was almost as big as hers.
He sat at the kitchen table and watched while his gorgeous, half-naked teenage sister stirred the oatmeal on the range top with a wooden spoon. Her small blue-pantied ass swayed back and forth enticingly. She glanced back at him occasionally to smile and, he began to realize, to make sure he was still watching her. If she'd been wearing high heels too, the scene would have looked like the improbable beginning to a porn movie.
"She's going to wear you down," the thought bubbled into his head, unbidden. Like an enormous burp, it belched up from his subconscious. This part of him knew what the rest of him was denying vigorously. It made him bite his lower lip. His sister wanted to do things with him. Well, they'd already done things. But she wanted to do more things. Things brothers and sisters shouldn't do. Now she had a new and improved body working for her.
He wondered what would hurt her feelings more. Giving in to her seduction? Or resisting it? He pushed these thoughts away too.
They ate their oatmeal at the kitchen table, chatting about their plans for the day. Jessica was supposed to lay low for another 24 hours. She'd be able to venture out tomorrow. In the meantime, Winston had errands to run: grocery shopping, drugstore, post office. He offered to swing by the video store and pick up a few movies for her.
"Yeah, get something I would like?" Jess brightened.
Winston knew what that meant: chic-flicks.
"Anything else you need while I'm out?" he asked. His mind was on last night's plea to buy her a new vibrator.
"Nah, I'm good." She shrugged as she picked up his empty bowl and hers and moved to put them in the dishwasher.
Winston was relieved. He had not been looking forward to purchasing a sex toy for his sister.
"Hey, when you get back, can we figure out a way to wash my hair?"
"Sure."
Winston ran his errands. He came back with groceries and two sappy movies for his sister.
"Up here!" Jessica called from upstairs as he finished putting stuff away in the fridge.
She called him into the bathroom. She was still wearing nothing but her bra and panties. She'd switched into the identical black set. Apparently she was serious about being barely dressed for the foreseeable future. The black stood out against her perfect ivory skin. It also looked a bit sluttier. It took him a moment to tear his eyes away from her and realize that she had set up a plastic folding chair backed up against the tub.
She waited patiently without comment as his eyes raked her body. She enjoyed her newly acquired ability to distract him. "Do you think it will work for a shampoo? I can lean my head back and you can use the hand rinser."
"Looks good to me. When do you want..."
"Right now please. I can't stand myself any longer."
He chuckled and reached past her to turn on the water and let it warm up. After a minute, he told her to lean back and let the hand rinser's spray touch the back of her neck. "Good?"
"Perfect."
He wetted her hair down with the warm water and squeezed a good-sized glob of his sister's rosemary-mint shampoo into his palm.
"Oooohhhh," Jessica cooed happily as he began lathering her hair from the back of her neck, standing next to her. He soon realized why salons have setups where the shampooist can stand behind the basin. It was awkward shampooing from just one side. He couldn't see what he was doing on the opposite side.
He swung a leg around the front of the chair and easily straddled his sister. Being tall had a few advantages. When he glanced down he was looking directly at her cleavage. He wondered how long it would take for him to stop noticing it.
For her part, Jess didn't move. Her eyes were still closed. She looked ecstatic at finally getting her hair washed. And the truth was, he was enjoying it too. It felt intimate without being sexual. He liked being close to her. He lost himself in rubbing and lathering his kid sister's pretty hair.
When every strand had been soaped squeaky clean, he began rinsing her down. He started at her front hairline and worked downwards. As he made his way down towards the back of her neck he lifted her head. They repeated the procedure with the matching conditioner.
Towards the end, he noticed his crotch was getting warmer. He tried to ignore it. With her hair sexily wet and smelling of fresh rosemary-mint, Jess's attractiveness was getting to him again.
He wondered what it would be like if he'd had an ugly sister. Would he feel the same way? No point in wishing for the impossible. Without meaning to, he glanced down for another peak at her barely clad body and...
"Jess!!!" he cried.
She had leaned her head forward into him as he straddled her. Her face was millimeters from his denim-covered crotch. Her mouth was open and she was panting warm breath into the fabric over his groin.
"Aaahhh, sorry!," she said. "I was just... I'm sorry. It was just right there and I... I'm sorry."
"What got into you?"
"Come on, I didn't actually touch anything!"
"Still!"
"Look Tunny, the truth is you started getting hard before I started breathing on you like that. It's what caught my attention. So you're the one who turned this into a sex thing. I was just enjoying a nice wash." She wrapped her hair in the towel. "No harm. No foul. Thanks for the shampoo. Once again, you prove you're the world's best brother." She smooched him, a quick peck on the lips, and then left.
"No points for the kiss," he called after her, "I saw it coming."
"I know," her answer echoed down the hall, "but you didn't cover your mouth or move out of the way did you?"
She was right. He hadn't. She was winning the larger game.
He hid in his room and read for the next few hours until dinner.
They made a quick supper of pork chops and instant stuffing then sat down to watch one of the movies he'd rented for her, Chocolat. He'd seen it before and figured his sister would enjoy the blend of romance and imaginative story. She did. She teased him about being pretty good at picking out chic flicks.
They raided their parents' liquor cabinet to make rum and cokes then stretched out on the family room's two couches to watch the next movie, Shakespeare in Love. Again, he had calculated it to be satisfying for Jessica but survivable for him. He hadn't seen this one.
An hour and two stiff, icy rum and cokes later, the still barely-clothed Jessica crawled onto the floor and towards Winston's couch. The view of her swaying bra-clad breasts and lace covered ass as she made her way over was hot as hell.
"I'm cold," she whispered from the floor, her face inches from his. He smelled her rummy breath.
"You're not wearing any clothes. Of course you're cold. Want this blanket?" He lifted the large throw blanket under his feet.
"Yeah." She took it from him but instead of returning to her couch, she wedged herself onto his. She pulled the blanket over both of them and turned onto her side to see the TV.
"Jess?"
"I'm freezing. You're warm. This is much better and you know it," she said tipsily.
Winston didn't have a lot of options, he could either stay on his back and stare at the ceiling or spoon in behind his sister and resume watching the movie. And it was a pretty good movie. He spooned.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't notice when Jess got off the couch to get them a third round of rum and cokes. He was pretty buzzed. She must be getting hammered by now.
He definitely noticed when his sister got up and fixed them a fourth round because, on her return, her naked ass went by as she settled back onto the couch to spoon with him. She also smelled of coconut. He recognized the smell. She'd been moisturizing. Her smooth, uncovered butt wiggled against the front of his pajama bottoms as she got situated and pulled the blanket back over them.
When she settled, he asked the obvious question. "Sis, you're not wearing any panties are you?"
"Nope. The sexy new lacy ones I was wearing felt itchy. I'm used to the soft cottony or satiny kind. It'll take some time to adjust to the new ones."
"Right," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be such a prude. Wanna take your jammies off, Tunny?"
"Nooo... I'm good." As tipsy as he was, he smelled trouble.
"Sure? I won't mind."
"I'll suffer."
"Honestly, I'd go completely naked right now if I didn't have to wear the bra what with the surgery and all."
"You're killing me, Jess."
"With kindness, brother dear. With kindness." She grabbed his hand, smooched it, and pulled his arm around her. They watched the rest of the movie. For a chic flick it was pretty good. Winston finished his fourth drink and Jess got up to fetch him yet another.
He got up to put in another DVD and stumbled. He was even drunker than he thought. He hadn't had rum in awhile and it was hitting him harder than he realized. The movie he stuck in was a classic James Bond film. He figured Jessica had a good run of girl movies and that she'd be asleep soon anyway. It was after midnight.
They were a third of the way through the Bond flick and he thought she'd fallen asleep when she whispered, "Tunny, I'm horny."
Winston's attentions were split between fighting off a vicious case of room-spins and trying not to get a complete hard-on while watching a scantily clad Britt Ekland work her on-screen magic and having his sister's bare ass pressed against him. "Generally or specifically?" he replied absently.
"Specifically. Like right now. I don't suppose you got me a new toy while you were out?"
"I asked you if you needed anything this morning and you said no."
"I didn't think of it. I don't think of vibrators while I'm having my morning oatmeal."
"I'm not going through what you put me through last night," he said preemptively.
There was a long pause.
"Actually, I don't think you have to. You know what we did after I got off?"
"Yeah," he'd never forget grinding along the smooth tight crease of his sister's perfect ass.
"I really liked it. I think I could come just doing that. If I hadn't had two humongous orgasms just before, I probably would have gotten off again." She wiggled her ass back into him until his hardening, pajama-covered cock was caught between her firm little buns.
"Sis?" he slurred the question.
"Please? You can leave your clothes on this time if you want, I promise. The rum and the romantic movies and snuggling with you for the last couple of hours has me pretty wound up. Just hold still. If you feel like it, you can help by humping back against me."
"Fine."
She ground back against him for a few minutes and, against what was left of his judgment, he found himself pressing back into her. They humped for several minutes. He was soon panting into the back of her neck.
She turned her head to ask him something and in his inebriated state he misunderstood her intention. He kissed her - a long, hard searching kiss that made her gasp into his mouth. It was their first lovers' kiss. She parted her lips in invitation and he slid his tongue into her mouth, playing it across her teeth. She teased him back with her own.
He broke their kiss. "I'm getting raw," he whispered, "need to take my pants off okay?"
"Do it," she said hoarsely. Actually she'd been about to ask him if he minded taking them off when he kissed her.
He shimmied free of his pajama bottoms and spooned back into his sister. She wriggled back against him until he was trapped again between her ass cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact was intoxicating in a way rum could never be. They resumed humping. Her crease was soon slick with his pre-cum. By the way her elbow was moving beneath the blanket, he knew his sister was rubbing her clitoris.
Jess said something so softly over her shoulder that he had to ask her to repeat it.
"I said, 'do you know where you are right there?' "
He had only been following the roughened texture on instinct. He realized now that he had been twisting against her rosebud during their humping. "Oh, wow, sorry."
"No, it's okay, it actually feels kinda good. I just didn't want you to get grossed out."
The late hour and the rum made him honest: "Jess, there is absolutely no part of you that I find gross."
"That was sweet, Tunny. Okay, more humping please. I'm most of the way there."
They resumed their grinding. Soon, the tip of his erection caught on the dent of her sphincter and he was lined up perfectly. They both froze.
It was Jess who broke the silence. "Push a little, Tunny?"
He gently hunched towards her, barely able to breath, barely able to believe what she was asking him to do. His cock was pressed firmly against her backdoor. Even through the rum haze he knew this was wrong on multiple levels. It just helped him not care enough to stop.
"Little more?" she whimpered.
He felt her rear entrance begin to give way. Felt the barrier spread into a tiny circle. Felt that tiny circle yield to their combined pressure as she helped by gently wriggling backwards into him.
His sister grunted a soft "ugh" just as the head of his cock slowly slipped into her ass. Her clit hand moved in a frenzy between her legs. The penetration was enough to bring her orgasm on in a rush. She went rigid, her hand continuing to circle her clit. She curled into a ball, heaving a delighted "God yes!" as her orgasm rolled over her. Her curling motion pulled her away from him and he slid free of her ass.
Winston waited patiently as she caught her breath. She turned her head and she kissed him.
"That was sooooo good. Thank you." She looked at him, her eyes glinting happily. She saw his distress, it was written across his face. "Steven evens again?" she asked, kissing him, her tongue tracing along his lip wantonly.
When he finally nodded, she wriggled her ass back against him and he resumed grinding up between her asscheeks.
Inevitably, his tip was rubbing at the loosened, rougher flesh of her rosebud again.
He angled into it instinctively to maximize the contact and he caught himself at her entrance.
"You want to go inside again, honey?" she asked, her hand drifting to his hip.
"Yessss," he hissed softly.
She reached back and took his warm hard length in her hand. She centered him on her ass.
"Push a little again, Tunny."
He entered her more easily this time and she released her hold on his shaft.
"Can I have more this time?" she asked over her shoulder. "I… I kind of like this," she whispered.
He slid almost three inches of his eight inch length into her. Her rectum was furnace-hot and absurdly tight. It was also slicker than he expected, but then again he didn't have much experience in this department.
"Does this feel good big bro?" she asked, her voice was strained.
The question had to be rhetorical, he realized even in his drunken state. "Uh huh."
"Want to try more?" she offered quietly.
"God, yes."
She pressed back against him as he pushed into her. Inch by inch, he slowly slid his cock another three inches into her back passage.
"Oh my god you feel huge," Jess whimpered and paused, "Tunny, honey, I want… I want all of it… all of you inside me, okay? Hold still."
She resumed her backwards press and together they drove his entire length into her until his groin was pressed into her buns. They both realized that they'd been holding their breath.
"You okay, Jess?" he asked, just now worrying about hurting her with his slightly over-sized tool.
"Uh huh. You're so deep. So very, very deep. Gimme a sec," she panted. "Okay, now do me."
"Like, gently or..."
"However you want. I've already come and I can tell I'm going to come again pretty soon no matter what you do. This feels fantastic."
He began sawing a few inches in and out of her tight rectum gingerly.
She urged him on, reaching back to pull his hip into her. "It's all right Tunny, I won't break. Take me. Take my ass. Your little sister's ass. It's yours. I know you like it. You've been admiring it for years. I've been saving it for you."
"I don't want to hurt you, sis. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wait, you haven't done this kind of thing before have you?"
"No, but it's okay. I... err.... I prepared. The coconut you smell, I put some of my lotion up inside me... where you are. Thank god I did. You're really big. And it feels really good like this - all nice and slippery."
"Why you little..."
"Yell at me later, Tunny. Right now, fuck me."
He began to sodomize her steadily. Jessica slid a hand between her legs and began to touch herself again. Winston watched the blanket move as she masturbated. Then the moving stopped and he felt something slender rub his cock from inside her. She was toying at the entrance to her now-dripping vagina. She teased herself and him through the thin membrane that separated her pussy and ass. She slid her other hand down between her legs and used it to frig herself at the same time.
The utter depravity of their joining and the fantastic sensations raced through them both. They came together. Winston lurched forward to bury his full length into his sister's ass, Jessica grind back against him to hungrily accept every inch. He spurted his seemingly endless supply of cum inside her as she used his cock in her ass together with her fingers in her pussy and on her clit to stretch out her orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer.
The intensity of their release, the late hour, and the rum had them both fall asleep immediately. Neither of them so much as stirred when, a few minutes later, his softened cock finally slid free of her well-used and no longer virgin ass.
~~~***~~~
Winston woke up first. He fidgeted slightly and realized that they were literally stuck together. The brief but painful tearing sensation he caused peeling his dried, cum-coated cock off his sister's butt cheek woke her up too. She rolled over to face him and cuddled into his neck, kissing it softly.
"Morning handsome."
She was demonstrating none of the horror that Winston almost hoped she would unleash over what had happened. "Jess, we need to talk."
"About what?"
The nonchalant routine again? "About what we did last night."
"I needed you again and you were there for me. You're very dependable, brother dear." Her hand slid down his muscled stomach and bumped against his morning wood. "Feels like you're the one in need now, Tunny."
"Stop it. That's just a morning thing."
"Suit yourself, I'm going to take a shower then, I'm all covered in..."
"I know what you're covered in!"
"Come... join me," she grinned at her own pun, "in the shower. We can have more fun if you want."
"No more fun!"
"Okay, okay. But I'm still going upstairs to shower. If you want to keep yelling, that's fine, you'll just have to follow me."
He did follow her. As they climbed the stairs behind her, he fought not to stare at his kid sister's perfect adolescent ass. He followed her into the bathroom and watched as she carefully removed her bra and turned on the shower and stepped inside, closing the glass door behind her.
What words would make her understand that this was all terribly, terribly wrong? He ended up sounding more like a parent than he intended.
"Sis, this is incredibly irresponsible. On both our parts." He watched as she soaped her body and he continued to rant.
Jessica went about her showering as if nothing was wrong. When his ranting slowed, she calmly replied. "What's irresponsible about it? Nobody got hurt. We both enjoyed ourselves. I have a particularly large patch of evidence that you enjoyed yourself dried on my butt cheek over here."
"Jess, you are my sister for God's sake. Look, that first night, I wanted to help you. Last night, we got drunk. Sis, seriously, it's wrong. Really wrong. We have to stop."
"I don't see it that way. We love each other. We're attracted to each other."
"It's not supposed to be like that..."
She finally paused in her shower routine to look at him directly. The perfect, ivory expanse of her body was covered in soap lather. It ran down her flat, smooth belly, dribbled down her long tapered legs. She was an erotic dream. If only she weren't his sister!
She leveled her surprisingly serious green gaze on him. "Things have changed, Tunny. You've been in me. In fact, two out of three holes now stud." She turned and braced one hand against the shower wall then bent deeply at the waist. "Two days ago, you were here." She ran her forefinger up and down the smooth lips of her pussy. "You were there just a little. But just enough." She shivered. "It was the largest orgasm of my life. Well, until..." She traced her fingers upward and circled the fleshy knot of her sphincter, "…until last night when you were here. All the way in." She slipped the tip of her forefinger into her own ass briefly and pulled it free. "I liked it. A lot. Deny it all you want but you liked it too."
She stood and looked at him through the water beaded glass. The shower was cascading down her shoulders and streaming over her beautiful new breasts. Her eyes were emeralds, bright and fierce and beautiful. "Look at me, Tunny. I love you. I'm in love with you. And I want you. We can't take it back. I wouldn't even if I could. Would you?"
Winston didn't have an answer.
"Are you coming in with me?" she asked softly. The invitation meant more than just this one shower.
It was several seconds before Winston whispered hoarsely, "No."
Jessica's shoulders fell. She sighed sadly and shut off the water. He waited for her to open the shower door then handed her a towel. She quickly pressed her dark hair dry than wrapped her long slender body in its terry cloth.
She stepped out and stood in front of him. "If I misread you, if I am really and truly wrong about this... about us... and I've hurt what we are... I'm sorry." She leaned in and kissed him softly, gently, chastely on the lips.
"No points," he smiled weakly as she pulled away.
"That one was free," she reached up and carefully traced his jaw with her hand. She turned and left him alone in the bathroom. He heard her footsteps come back and her smirking face appeared through the doorframe. "But, Tunny, you really ought to get in the shower and wash yourself off. You stuck that big thing of yours in your little sister's dirty place."
"Jess!" he cringed as she disappeared again. But he was glad for the humor. It felt more normal, this kind of teasing exchange between them. He was smiling to himself as he took her advice and stepped into the shower.
He was rinsing off when his sister peeked in. "I'm headed out on errands. I'm looking forward to actually getting out and about for a little while. Be back in a bit."
The house felt emptier as soon as she was gone. He had one errand of his own but was back before her. He ended up whittling away the hours reading, watching TV, and checking e-mail. He sat at the kitchen table to eat a slice of leftover pizza, brooding as he chewed. As tortured as he felt with Jessica around, he was now miserable without her.
She breezed in through the back door, wearing a short denim skirt and a tight red V-necked t-shirt that put her new cleavage on display. She was carrying a few bags. "Wow, it was nice to get out of the house." She paused and smiled brightly when she saw him. "You look sad, Tunny. Don't be sad."
She plucked one of the bags from the rest and slid it across the kitchen table in front of him. "Here, I picked up a few things."
He peered inside. It held a new vibrator and a pack of condoms. He looked up at his sister and rolled his eyes.
She smiled. "Take me to bed."
"No," it came out with a little less conviction than it should have.
"Come on. Upstairs. I'm not doing it on the couch again." It was like she didn't even hear him.
"Sis..."
"I'll be in your room waiting for you. You go ahead and have your last little internal struggle down here. Then come on upstairs and make love to me. I'll be the half-naked girl on your bed."
She brushed past him and left him to his thoughts. He did struggle. It took nearly five minutes before he followed her.
True to her promise, she was there waiting for him on his bed. She was wearing a matching red satin bra and panty set. She looked like the world's best Christmas present.
"When did you know? That I'd cave, I mean." He asked her meekly.
"The first night. When you started humping against me after I started coming. That wasn't just my selfless big brother. It wasn't for me. It was for you. After that, it was just a matter of time. I was willing to work on you the whole summer, honey."
He nodded.
"Don't beat yourself up. I do win our little struggles now and then. And I put an enormous amount of energy into this one." She slid her crimson panties down her legs, revealing her smooth, bare pussy already beginning to glisten. She slipped out of her bra, freeing the large perfect teardrop breasts that now lazed on her chest. She stretched out nude on his bed and smiled. The sight of her like this made his knees rubbery.
"The good news is that I have a pretty good consolation prize for you, Tunny. Me. Come here."
He shuffled to the bed and his waiting sibling. She helped him off with his t-shirt then unbuckled his jeans and pushed them down with his boxers until she was eye level with his stiffening cock. She looked up at him as she closed the distance and touched her tongue to its tip. She grasped it with one soft hand and took its first few inches into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around it delicately.
She spat him out to give him a wicked look. "You're three for three on holes now. From here on out, we're only going to be arguing about depth."
"No more arguing," he sighed. "Where's that new toy of yours? Let's make sure it works."
"That a boy!" she beamed. She reached into the bag next to her and handed him the vibrator.
He realized now that it was out of whatever package it must have come in and the batteries were already in it. She knew what he was thinking. "It was a long drive home." She shrugged.
She spread her legs lewdly and ran her own hands down her smooth, flat ivory belly as he slid onto the bed and settled himself between her legs. His sister watched hungrily as he kissed the inside of each of her legs and then zeroed in on her smooth little teenage sex.
"Tell me," Winston teased her, his face millimeters from her sex. She could feel his hot breath across her delicate flesh.
She knew what he was after. "I want it."
"What do you want?" In for a penny, in for a pound - Winston was going to play her game.
"I want your mouth... on me," Jess panted.
"Where?"
"Here," she ran a finger between her legs and along her smooth pink lips.
"Dirtier."
She snickered. He was mirroring the prompting she'd given him their first time. "Eat me, Tunny. Lap my little clit. Make me cum. You always make me cum so hard."
He barely and briefly brushed his lips against her pussy. His tongue grazed her clitoris. Her body jerked in reaction.
"Have you pictured this?" he asked.
"Mmmhmmm..." she moaned.
"Dreamt of this?"
"Yeah..." she whined, eager for his touch.
"Lied for this?"
There was a long pause. "Yesss..." she finally hissed, "Now please, Tunny, please…"
With his sister's admission, he began working her clitoris with his tongue. Flicking at her little bud, he brought the vibrator to her opening. She was already dripping wet. He slowly twisted it into her. She was tight. He had to press firmly. At a little past two inches, he felt the vibrator push up against something. Something pliable. Some sort of barrier.
Holy Mary, Mother of...
His head snapped up to look at her in disbelief. She smiled weakly, "That's why I didn't let you all the way inside me before."
"So you want me to?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you'll do it. I want it to be you."
"Wow, okay, errr... any particular way you want me to do it? I mean, do you want me to do it now, with this thing?"
"You know I never want to wait. Yes, do it. Just like this."
"Oh boy, I was right, you are a kinky little mess."
"Yep. But now that you brought up kinky, I do have one improvement to what you're doing. Remember when I asked you to inspect my goods last week?"
"Yeah."
"Remember what I asked you if you would lick?" She carefully pulled her knees up towards her chest, it rocked her hips forward and exposed her pale little rosebud. "Do it," she whispered.
"Say what you want," he demanded again.
She didn't need prompting this time. "Lick it for me, Tunny. My ass. Lick me and rim me and fuck me open with my toy. Then fuck me for real. Take me tonight, Tunny. I've waited so long for this. I want your big dick wedged in me before the night is over."
She watched him hold the vibrator pressed gently against her hymen and duck beneath it to lap delicately at the small rose of her backdoor. She groaned and reached a hand down to circle her abandoned clitoris.
"So good," she sighed.
He continued lapping at her tiny, soft ring and began to fuck her with just the end of the vibrator. The combined sensations had her humping up and down instinctively. After a few minutes, he wormed the tip of his tongue into her ass and she started moaning at the new sensation.
At her third moan, he steadily drove the vibrator home through her hymen. Jessica gasped through clenched teeth but continued humping up and down.
"Turn it on," she whimpered.
It took a moment for him to understand what she meant. Then he hastily twisted the vibrator's base and it hummed to life in her. She jerked at the suddenly intense throbbing deep inside her. "Tunny, I'm going to come now... really big... you're still going to fuck me after this right?"
"Mmmhmmm," he confirmed from between her legs, still teasing her rosebud with his tongue.
"Good," she panted. Barely a minute later she peaked, mauling her clitoris and jerking her hips up to swallow the vibrator's length. Her upward motion speared her ass onto her brother's tongue as her body rolled in orgasm.
When her ass came back to rest back on the bed, he slipped the vibrator from her drooling pussy and tossed it to the floor. He crawled up the bed to stretch out next to her. She curled into him, still catching her breath.
"More," she whispered finally, looking up at him through dark hair that had fallen across her eyes. She rolled onto her back again and pulled him on top of her. She took his hard shaft in her hand and pressed it to her battered little hole.
Winston barely remembered the condoms. "Sis, protection first right?"
She nibbled her lip and shook her head. "I lied Tunny. I'm on the pill - been on it for the last year. Be gentle? I'm still a little sore."
He nodded. Together they carefully eased his larger than average cock into her near virgin pussy. She was tight and swollen but slick from her orgasm. She winced as he slid into her, filling her up completely. He felt his tip just brush her cervix. The contact made her shiver. They held motionless like that for several long moments. She willed herself to relax, to accept the oversized cock she'd wanted for so long. He marveled at the beautiful woman beneath him and waited for some sign to continue.
"Tunny, when my chest is healed completely I want you to fuck me from behind. Bent over your desk like I was when you were inspecting my goods. I was fantasizing about that at the time."
He shook his head with a smirk and leaned down to kiss her. When he broke the kiss, she saw him glance down at her chest.
"And I want you to fuck them too. My boobs, I mean. I want to kneel down in front of you and press them together for you to fuck with your big dick. I want your cum on my new tits."
He withdrew from her slowly, experimentally, and she groaned happily. Only half way out, he reversed and thrust back into her. She exhaled forcefully, hazel eyes wide and wild looking up at him. "So good," she groaned under him.
They fucked carefully, never building past a steady rhythm. On his downward thrusts, she rose up to meet him, grinding his full length into her. She found she liked the contact when he bottomed out inside her. When he retreated, she experimented - squeezing down with her muscles. He felt her tighten down onto him and smiled, moaning out a happy "very nice." His compliment made her glow even more.
They continued like this for several minutes until Winston leaned back to sit upright on his heels, still buried in her. "Feel like coming for me?" he asked.
"Always," she purred, and reached up to toy with her own nipples.
He brought his hands down to their juncture and centered both of his thumbs on her clitoris. He began to brush her little bud upwards with each thumb, essentially twiddling his thumbs backwards in an unending circular motion he suspected she might like.
He was, of course, right. How long do you have to love someone - how well do you have to know them - before you sense with near-certainty how to please them best without them asking? Without them even knowing how to ask or what to ask? Five years? Ten? Fifteen? How about your entire life? Winston brought this to bear now.
Jessica's breath caught in her chest at this last touch. Her brother's thick cock, the one she'd fantasized about for far too long was wedged - no, crammed - inside her. It stretched her more perfectly than she imagined because she couldn't imagine it until now.
She looked up Winston, her sweet Tunny, and her head replayed memories from their joint childhood. Thousands of shared secrets and little intimacies. Years of love, of laughter, of trust. When her brother touched her in this last, perfect way, everything rushed together. She felt something huge shift deep inside her - something so large she didn't think it was possible.
"Tunnnnnnnyyyyyy...." she keened, almost alarmed at the intensity of what was coming. "I can't..." she sobbed, actually choking a little.
"It's okay, sis, don't fight it..." He watched the muscles in her abdomen clench, release, and re-clench violently - the faint image of a six-pack appearing and disappearing beneath her pale taut belly. Her new, large breasts rocked with the clenching.
She jerked as the spasms radiated from her torso into her long slender legs and arms. "Alm-m-most ...too... too... b-b-biggg," she stuttered and wailed, arms and legs suddenly twitching, eyelids fluttering madly. She felt the undertow of her impending orgasm dragging at her, sucking at her insides. The sheer magnitude of the looming climax blotted out all thought.
"I love you, Jess," he whispered, "and I always have."
Her wave crashed, rolling her under.
"Wuu ahahahahaha," she shrieked, her slender chest heaving off the bed as her vision went white. Her smooth ivory hips jerked upwards at the same time, mashing into him, grinding up onto his cock until it crushed against her where it bottomed out. Her body remained arched like this for several seconds, her jaw clenched tight, panting through her nose loudly. Her body shuddered The rippling walls of her seizing sex dragged him along towards his orgasm. When she collapsed back to the bed, still peaking, he thrust into her twice and jerked his cock from her to fist it viciously. He grunted as he erupted mightily, jetting cum up across her belly, then onto her breasts, then up to her neck, then into the dark hair splayed across the pillow beneath her head.
He fell forward next to her on the bed where they both lay gasping for several minutes.
"You got your stuff in my hair," she finally laughed, giddy in the aftermath of the lovemaking she'd wanted for so long.
"Complain too much and I'll aim for your face next time," he threatened, reaching an arm around her and pulling her in to his chest.
"That might not be so bad," she replied cheekily. They rested a few more minutes until, lifting her head, she kissed him. She recoiled in mock horror. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go brush your teeth. All I can taste right now is my ass."
He chuckled. "You weren't complaining earlier."
They clambered out of bed and into the bathroom. He brushed his teeth while she relieved a post-coital tinkle.
When she was done, he paused his brushing. "Jess, you said you put an enormous amount of energy into this..." He raised an eyebrow.
His sister sighed. "I got you drunk on purpose last night, Tunny. The drinks I fixed... mine were just Coke. You got a double dose of rum."
He nodded, not entirely surprised.
"And you know that I actually lubed my own butt with coconut lotion just in case I could convince you to take me that way. But... I also broke my vibrator on purpose and left it out for you to find the night before. And it was my idea to show you my breasts and have you touch them before the surgery."
Winston closed his eyes and shook his head as he processed what she'd said.
"How long, Jess?" He finished brushing and rinsed his mouth while waiting for her to answer.
When he looked at her in the mirror, her eyebrows were knitted together with worry.
"How long have you been feeling this way? Working on this? Working on me?!" he said more sternly.
She winced. "I planned this whole thing. I scheduled the breast implant surgery for now so you would be home from school. So we would be alone and you would have to take care of me."
"Yeah but Mom and Dad would have been..."
"I orchestrated Dad's trip to Africa. I just had to plant a couple of seeds in his head about the British colonial period, the summer being the perfect time, their 20th wedding anniversary, yada yada."
Jess was talking in a rush now, trying to blurt it all out and get it over with.
"It started before you left for college, I saw you with your girlfriend in the backyard one night. I watched her blow you. You both looked so happy. For only a moment, I was horrified like I should have been. Then, I don't know, something else happened? I got really turned on. Then I got jealous. Seeing you like that made me realize how I felt about you. That you were more than just a big brother to me. So I started talking nasty to you. I needed to wear away at your image of me as your innocent little sister. The gay accusation stuff was a ploy too. I wanted to goad you a little - make you want to prove to me you weren't gay. I also did it to throw Mom and Dad off."
Winston finally found words. "They don't think I'm gay."
"No, but they think that I think that you're gay. And that's almost as good."
Again he felt the magnitude of his sister's effort. "Wow, okay, that's so scheme-y that it's a little scary.
She looked up at him through her mussed dark hair. "Look, I wish I could say I feel bad about all this but the truth is that I don't. Well, except... Tunny, I'm not on the pill. That was a silly last minute fib. I just really wanted you, without a dumb condom in the way. I'll go on the pill, I swear."
Winston allowed himself a little satisfied smile. "I can at least contribute on that part. I'm reluctant but I'm not dumb." He opened the medicine chest next to him and pulled out a vial. He shook a pill out onto his hand and handed it to his sister. "Morning after pill. I picked a few up at the store this morning."
She stared at the tablet a long moment. He could feel her weighing the decision.
"Kids someday Jess, just not yet. We're young. We have plenty of time to work that out. Together. No scheming, okay?"
He could tell that it wasn't what he'd said that made her put the pill in her mouth and swallow it. It was the way he'd said it. Casually. Comfortably. They were going to be together for the rest of their lives.
She knew that as soon as he said it, she could count on him. He was, is, and would always be, dependable. He was her rock. Her immoveable object - well, nearly immoveable object. That last thought made her smile to herself.
She filled a cup with tap water and took a gulp to wash down the pill. When the cup came away from her lips, he was waiting. She hadn't seen it coming because she couldn't see around the cup and she didn't think he really liked their old game anymore.
She was wrong.
He stole his kiss quickly, his lip curling up just a little smugly at one end like it did when they were kids.
"One up," he grinned.
Jessica eyed her brother carefully. Stealing a smooch in broad daylight, standing right in front of her, in a bathroom with a huge mirror in it was pretty slick. It had required a perfect sense of timing, a subtle shift in his posture to make her turn towards him and away from the mirror without her realizing it, and a keen awareness of her line of sight.
Maybe he wasn't so rusty after all. No, perhaps not quite as rusty as she'd thought.
***
How does the irresistible force move the immoveable object? Deception. It convinces the immoveable object that it isn't moving while it does. The irresistible force lies. Just a little. Just enough.
***
Post-Script: I picture incest as the sexual equivalent of getting into one of those ridiculous knife fights where the combatants are tied together at the wrist from the beginning. It instantly feels close and you get the sense that, absent a miracle, someone is going to be very badly hurt.
With that in mind, I tried to heap a few more intimacies onto the story's situation - bind the siblings tighter together - so they play a childhood game and on top of that Winston periodically recalls their shared youth. It's partly an excuse for the dumb tangents I enjoy dreaming up too.
Some people might like it. Others might not.
Vive le difference!
Author's Note: Ever have a story that screamed away in your head until you got it out? Yeah, this was like that. This is longish, but reads quickly because it is dialogue heavy. I wanted to try one big story as opposed to the multi-chapter thing. For the squeamish - there's some, you know, moderate butt stuff in places here. Sue me.
~~~***~~~
Jessica paused in the dark only a few yards from the rear of her house and crouched by the base of a large pine tree. She'd heard giggling on her walk home from her friend's house. Sure enough, her brother, less than 20 feet away, was with his new, hot, but incredibly vapid girlfriend.
"So you want to see them?" she heard the curvy blonde tease. Jessica realized the question was largely rhetorical. She wondered if the blonde could spell 'rhetorical' or use it in a sentence.
"Yes, please." Well, at least her brother was polite.
"Okay." The blonde yanked her yellow tank top over her head. "Ta-da!" Her large D-cup breasts sprang free into the cool night air.
"Wow, they're amazing," his compliment sounded sincere.
"Now pull down your pants, I'll show you something amazing," giggled the bare-chested girl as she fell to her knees.
Jessica watched as her older brother was serviced behind their tool shed. It turned out that the kneeling girl's skills weren't linguistic - they were oral. She watched as the blonde's head bobbed expertly. Instead of running away or getting nauseous as one might have expected, Jess watched with keen interest. And her mental wheels began to turn.
~~~One Year Later ~~~
"Hiya Winnie. Hey, have you ever had a guy whose dick was so big that when he stuck it in you he didn't even need to move it and it already felt good?"
The casually delivered question nearly caused him to spew breakfast cereal all over the couch. It was wrong on three levels. First, "Winnie" was just an irritating nickname for Winston. (Winston's full name was Winston Churchill Kendall. Only a history professor and his avid anglophile wife would conceive of naming their 21st century American son after Britain's greatest statesman). The point is he was a guy. And no heterosexual man wants to hear a question like that. Ever. Second, this was not the kind of talk people had over breakfast. Third, it was his baby sister asking the question.
This was a little game Winston and his sister Jessica had started to play recently. Well, it was a game that Jessica played with him anyway. It involved her surprising him periodically with nasty thoughts like this that made her sound like a slut at the same time they accused him of being gay. But he wasn't gay. And, as far as he could tell, Jess was not a slut - although you wouldn't know it based on the things that popped into her head and then came flying out of her mouth.
Her odd behavior was not entirely out of character - Jessica had always been clever in a crazy sort of way. She liked to make things up. She was good at it. She had an amazing imagination. Lately she'd been using it towards nefarious ends. Torturing Winston like this was a prime example.
It hadn't always been like that. He thought back to the days of "stolen kisses." He missed that nicer game.
Little Jess was barely seven years old - he was eight - when she explained the rules for stolen kisses to him. She even summarized the history of the game as having been played on the palace grounds by the ten illegitimate children of King William IV. She'd said she read it in some notes their Dad left out for his research into 19th century British royalty.
According to Jess, the game's object was to sneak up on another contestant and surprise them with a quick kiss on the lips. If the frontrunner got three smooches ahead of their victim, they could demand a favor. Usually it meant doing one of their chores or loaning out a favorite toy for the day. Then the kiss count reset to "even" and the game began again.
Of course, she'd made the whole thing up.
They played the game for years until she'd turned twelve. Puberty made her tall, gangly, shy and awkward. She didn't want to kiss him anymore.
As for Jess's sick new I'm-a-slut/You're-gay game, well, he chalked it up to her being bitter about him leaving for college and sticking her all alone with their parents for the last year of her high school term. But in the past six months, her comments had been getting increasingly explicit. Stuff he'd never even considered. It was a little unsettling.
The present 18 year-old Jessica was a tall beauty. At 5'10" she was only four inches shorter than Winston. She was naturally athletic - the captain and best outside hitter of her high school volleyball team. She had filled out nicely since her awkward pre-teen days. Even Winston realized that his kid sister's long slender legs were dynamite in a skirt and she was the only girl he'd seen that actually made those strange women's volleyball bathing suit bottoms actually look good. In fact, male fan attendance at the girls' volleyball meets had increased dramatically when word got out about his hot little sis.
Overall, Jessica's dark hair, large green expressive eyes and general facial features made her look very much like a young Jennifer Connelly, circa Career Opportunities. The likeness was uncanny, with one particular difference - one that chafed her to no end - Jess had small boobs. If her bikini tops were any indication, Winston estimated them at an A-cup. They were cute, round, and perky. Still, she raged at their smallness.
Boobs aside, Jessica was literally a model, or had been. She had done a fair amount of print and TV clothing modeling in her early teens. For awhile there, she was a go-to model for department store advertisements for jeans and skirts. Her perfect little heart-shaped ass could make just about any clothing look good.
Her parents had put a stop to the modeling when Jess's high school grades had slipped though. It took up so much time that she didn't even put up much of a fight - a blessing. Jess's particular blend of smart, pretty, and bold meant she usually got her way with their parents. She also wasn't above a little dirty pool when it suited her either. For these qualities, their dad called her "the irresistible force."
Winston was her flipside - stable, cautious, rock solid and honest. Winston was, and always had been dependable. When he put his mind to it, he could even manage to keep his sister in check. Their sometimes comedic battles growing up inevitably led to him being dubbed "the immovable object."
During what would have otherwise been a quiet family dinner the night before Winston went back to school after his spring break, Jess dropped her sizeable bomb.
"I'm having breast augmentation surgery in three months. Right after I graduate. I want it over with before I start college in the fall." She said it casually like she was commenting on the weather and she did it just as Winston had stuck a forkful of cake into his mouth. She seemed to enjoy doing this sort of thing while he was trying to eat.
"What?!" cried everyone at the table.
"Out of the question," their father objected.
"I wasn't asking permission, Dad. I was letting you know."
"We are not financing this," he replied calmly.
"No prob. I'm paying for it." And there was the trump card his sister had never played. Jess's modeling stint had brought in some pretty good money for a little over three years. Their parents put three quarters of it towards her college. The last quarter they'd given her and she'd stuck it into a savings account. She'd never touched it. Not even a penny. She drove their mom's old car and waited tables on the weekends with her friends for spending cash. It was almost like she'd forgotten about the money.
In the middle of what should have been a titanic blowup, their mom kept quiet. It was partly out of her habit of deferring to her husband, but mostly because she didn't have much of a leg to stand on. She'd had the same surgery ten years earlier. Small boobs, and a desire to remedy that perceived flaw, ran in the family.
"Who's doing it?" her mother asked instead.
"Dr. Nelson." Jess delivered the reply smoothly like she'd been expecting the question. She had expected it and she'd sought out the same surgeon who'd operated on her mother. Even Winston had to admit that was pretty slick.
"Nobody will be around to help you with post-op care. You're mother and I are going to be away for the whole summer," their Dad reasoned. He was taking a sabbatical from the university and they were both headed to Africa on a series of safaris and archaeological tours. It was a legitimate point but it was also a sign that Jessica was winning the argument. The dispute had shifted towards a challenge to her timing.
Jessica smirked, there was a clearly an answer in waiting for this too. "Winston will take care of me." She turned to smile at her brother sweetly. "Won't you, bro?"
"Huh?" was all Winston could get out.
His mother did a better job of articulating the awkwardness of the situation. "He's your brother, he shouldn't be..."
Jess cut her off. "Pfffh, he's gay. I'd be more worried if I was his brother and getting a penile implant. Plus, he's at least partially qualified - he IS studying to be a nurse."
"For the hundredth time, I am NOT gay," Winston seethed.
Jess brushed off his frustration. "Whatever. Are you going to make sure I don't die or end up permanently disfigured or not?
Winston briefly considered suggesting that their Aunt Barb could come and look after Jessica but the irony was she actually was gay. And frankly, she was a bit of a wackadoo. She talked about alien abduction. A lot. Nobody rushed to sit next to her at holiday dinners.
Winston weighed the available choices. He knew his sister well enough to understand that changing her mind was not an option. His parents couldn't back out of their trip - a small fortune was tied up in their summer-long plans. His sister's friends were sweet but, frankly, none of them were terribly bright - they were a collection of cute jockettes. They'd be no help either.
After circling the predicament, Winston finally let his own self interest tip his decision - he had been looking forward to the approaching summer completely unsupervised. He knew his sister was too. If he agreed, there'd be nobody around to spoil it.
"Fine," he sighed, "I'll do it."
"Thanks, Tunny," his sister said softly.
Winston looked up immediately for two reasons.
First, the genuine appreciation in Jessica's voice was nearly unrecognizable. He realized it was a sad commentary on their relationship that jeers and sarcasm were the norm and kindness felt out of place. But right now Jessica's gratitude was real. No sarcastic remark followed. She didn't roll her eyes either.
Second, and more importantly, "Tunny" was a nickname that Jess hadn't used for him in years. When she was little, Jessica couldn't pronounce "Winston" so she'd latched onto its last syllable "ton" and that eventually became "Tunny." He watched her nod then exhale slowly. Her shoulders relaxed too. He felt her smooth leg brush up against his under the dinner table. When their eyes met again, she mouthed the words "thank you" at him silently.
He only then understood that this had been the last potential weakness in her plan. If he'd balked she might have been screwed. She had been depending on him to come through for her. This was an interesting turn of events.
They cleaned up after dinner and everyone went their separate ways that night.
The next morning, Winston was heading back to college. Jessica helped him load his things into his car. As they were trading goodbyes, Winston said his peace.
"Jess, about your surgery…"
She smirked. "What about it? My mind's made up, Tunny. No changing it. I've been thinking about this for awhile."
"I know better than to try to change your mind, my little pigheaded sibling. It's just... if you're doing this has anything to do with the teasing I used to give you."
"You mean how you called me 'LT' - 'Little Tits' that one summer? The whole summer?!"
"Yeah, I'm really sorry about that now."
"Thanks, Tunny. That means a lot. But no, I'm doing this for me. I want a nice big set of boobies," she made a funny face as she held her hands out in front of her slender chest.
"Fine, just don't go freakishly big, okay? You're pretty already, sis. Go too big and people will only be looking at your chest. They'll miss out on the rest of you."
Jess's hazel eyes went large and soft at the unexpected compliment. "That was one of the sweetest things you've ever said to me. I'll think about it. No promises. If it makes you feel better, it might help if you call me 'BT' for a little awhile after it's done. It might soothe my pride."
"That has got to be one of the weirdest requests you've ever made."
"Meh, it's a girl thing. How would you know, what with being gay and all," she needled him.
"That's it, I'm leaving before we get into a fight."
"Suit yourself. Be good at school OK? Don't suck too much dick."
"Yeah, Yeah. I love you too." And off Winston drove to school.
~~~***~~~
Almost three months and a decent round of finals later, Winston came home. His parents had hopped their flight to South Africa two days before to join their first safari of the summer. He called his sister from the car on the way home to let her know he was coming.
She bounded out the side door to greet him as he pulled in the drive. Winston's eyes tracked up her incredible long, tapered alabaster legs sheathed in a small pair of khaki shorts. Her tiny blue tank top showed a bit of her smooth flat belly. Her long dark hair was damp and gathered in a loose ponytail that swung wildly as she dashed across the driveway to crash into him as he got out of his car. She hugged him fiercely.
In the crush of her embrace, he felt the full length of her tight, athletic body. His sister was a firm in all the right places. He also smelled her rosemary-mint shampoo. She guarded that shampoo jealously. He flashed back to her shrieking at him a few years ago when he'd used some out of curiosity. She'd smelled it on him immediately and flipped out. Smell sometimes triggered odd memories for Winston.
"Err... happy to see me then?" he said, a little confused. What had come over her?
"Very happy! This is day number one of the best summer ever," she said into his chest.
She was in good spirits. He credited it to their parents' absence and the fact that her boob surgery was only two days away.
She helped him carry his stuff inside and even up to his room.
"You unpack. I need to shoot mom and dad a quick e-mail. I promised I'd tell them when you got here."
"Okay," Winston watched his sister leave, still wondering at her improved behavior.
Over the next half hour, he unpacked his things and shoved the assorted duffel bags into the closet. He was sitting at his desk stuffing books onto the bookcase above it when his sister gently knocked on his doorframe. Her eyes kept darting down to her feet shyly. Her cheeks were a little flushed.
"Tunny, I kind of have a favor to ask. This is going to sound weird but Doctor Nelson wanted me, well, you to do something before my surgery."
"Yeah?" Winston had resumed stuffing books away.
"You... ah hah ha... you need to look at my boobs," Jess stifled a nervous giggle.
"Huh?" his head whipped back to her. She had his undivided attention now.
"So you have a reference point," she winced. "So if something looks funny later you'll be able to tell."
"Seriously?"
"Hey, what do I know, I didn't argue with the guy. He's the surgeon," she shrugged.
"I, ah, okay," Winston wrapped his head around what was going to happen. "So... when do you..."
Jess didn't answer. She just took two steps forward and her hands drifted to the bottom hem of her little tank top. She looked up from the floor finally and her eyes locked on his. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth and gnawed at it gently.
"What? Now?" Winston asked.
His sister nodded. She started pulling her shirt up, exposing more of her smooth flat belly. She paused, and through the shirt she pleaded with Winston, "First, promise no laughing or teasing okay?"
"Promise," Winston replied fidgeting in his chair. His sister was beautiful and like any normal heterosexual male who laid eyes on her he'd wondered what she looked like naked. Now, with very little warning he was going to find out.
She resumed pulling her shirt off. Winston held his breath. Jessica's round pert little breasts popped into view. They were the definition of perky. Their skin was a smooth unblemished ivory like the rest of her. Her light pink nipples were perfectly centered on each breast. His mouth fell open. Lord, his sister truly was hot as hell. He used the moment it took for her to get the shirt over her head to compose his face.
"Soooo... these are my boobs," she said sheepishly, nodding her head. Her lips were pressed together in a line.
"Yep... those are my sister's boobs," he chuckled, "Sorry, I was laughing at what you said, not at your body. You're a good looking woman, sis."
"Thanks. There's more though. The doctor says you have to touch 'em beforehand too so if you need to pulpitate me..."
"Palpate," Winston corrected automatically.
"Yeah, that's it, palpate me after the surgery you'll be able to tell if something's weird."
"So, you want me to feel you up too?" he smiled, trying to make light of the situation. Humor had always been his defense mechanism for awkward situations. Hers too.
"Doctor's orders." She shrugged as she stepped forward until she was barely a foot away from Winston. Seated, he was eye level with her chest. "Try not to enjoy yourself too much. If you switch sides, you'll piss off your boyfriend." She smirked.
Winston's hands, thankfully perpetually warm, rose until he began to gently touch his sister's left breast with the first two fingers of each hand as he had been taught. Her breasts were warm and soft but firm. If his hands shook a little, his sister didn't notice or pretended not to. She looked at the bookcase behind him as he worked, feeling first one breast then switching to the other one.
Reluctantly, he let his hands fall away. "All right. I now know what your boobs feel like."
Jess looked down to meet his eyes again and smiled. "Well, that wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Hey," she reached over him to his bookcase. The sudden forward movement brushed her right breast against Winston's forehead. Winston stiffened in various places in response. "Ooops, sorry. I was reaching for this." She held his little digital camera. "Does this thing still work?"
"Yeah."
"Here, take a few 'before' pictures of me? So I can remember what I looked like before my new superboobs." She handed him the camera and stepped back.
Winston knitted his eyebrows together.
"Go on. You can e-mail them to me."
He snapped a front picture of her. She turned to each side. He took more pictures. She got a bit silly and started posing, making funny faces, pushing her boobs up between her arms, then cupping them in her hands. Two dozen pictures later, she thanked him, picked her shirt off the floor and left.
Winston was left sitting in his room. Less than an hour from getting home, he'd seen his sister topless, felt her boobs, and now had pictures of her to boot. What was it his sister had said - "this is day number one of the best summer ever"?
Day number two would top it. He didn't even have to wait all that long.
It was late the next morning, nearly noon, and Winston was finally fighting off the vestiges of his hangover from drinking while reuniting with his high school buddies the night before. Jessica knocked on his closed door then opened it a crack to peek inside.
"Can I come in?" She entered before he had a chance to answer. The hangover together with what his sister was wearing slowed his response. She was wrapped in a bath towel. The fluffy white terry cloth covered her tall slender body from just above her breasts to just a couple of inches below her crotch. Her wet hair, now black, was swept to the side to rest on one perfect, porcelain shoulder. A picture of her like this in a catalog would sell a lot of towels.
"Sure come on in, talk quietly though?" he whispered, "Headache. Bad headache."
She grinned. "Too much fun last night?"
He nodded slowly, squinting his eyes.
"I have another favor to ask. In your weakened condition maybe it's not a good idea," she said cryptically. She turned to leave.
"What is it?" he asked before she got to the door.
"It's pretty crazy."
"Crazier than yesterday?"
"Yeah. Okay, try not to freak out, but I could really use your unbiased opinion on something."
"Sure."
"I need you look at my... stuff."
He raised an eyebrow.
"My hoo-hoo," she resorted to the word they'd used as kids.
"Why on earth..." He sat up in his bed and the blanket fell away. He was bare-chested. He noted that his sister's eyes darted down over his well-defined stomach and chest.
"Doctor Nelson offered to do any plastic surgery I want on my... stuff... when he does my breasts tomorrow."
"Wow, sis this is... this is..."
"Come on, you're the only one I can ask!"
"Why do you want to know what I think about that?"
"You want the list of reasons? Okay, first, you'll be honest 'cause you're not trying to get in my pants. Second, you've probably seen more of these than I have so you can make a decent comparison. Third, and don't get a big head about this, but you're kind of in my target demographic - you know, 'cute college boy.' Fourth, and most importantly, you can keep a secret."
"That was a lot of reasons."
"I like to think I'm a reasonable girl," she smirked, twirling a bit of her damp dark hair in one finger.
"Ha ha. All right, I guess if this what it takes to keep you from having your privates hacked to bits, I'll have a look."
"Really?"
"I've already seen quite a few..." he paused, "...hoo-hoos." He suppressed a grin at the silliness of her word choice. "And as a nurse I guess I'm destined to see hundreds more. I'll just add this to the list."
"Thanks bro." She took as step back and leaned back against his desk, her hands sliding to the bottom of her towel. "Ready?"
Winston sighed and rubbed his eyes with his palms. "As ready as I can get."
Jess started giggling.
"OK, why are you laughing?" he asked.
"Sorry, I think I'm just a little nervous. Plus you should see your face. You're about to see your sister's cooter and you have this incredibly serious expression on."
"I'm trying not to think about it that way. I'm trying to be clinical. This is my clinical face."
"Oh, gotcha. Well, here goes." Jessica slowly lifted the towel until her small, barely-furred sex came into view. She had shaved most of her pubic triangle. The little bit of hair that was left was close trimmed short. Her labia were tiny and the same delicate pink color as her nipples. Like the rest of her, Jess's adorable little pussy was essentially perfect. Winston stared in admiration, the image burning into his brain.
He was quiet too long. Jessica fidgeted. "Well?" she asked, looking down at herself.
"Don't change a thing," he whispered.
"You sure?" she leaned back further against his desk and hunched herself forward. Her entire sex was visible now. Incredibly, she reached a hand down and spread her labia open for him to see. The bared pink flesh inside was smooth and delicate and deeper pink.
Winston's heart skipped a beat and his mouth went dry. "Positive."
She looked up from her crotch to her brother. "You can't see from all the way over there. Come closer, I don't have any cooties."
Winston, hypnotized by his sister's display, pushed forward to the end of his bed where he laid down on his stomach and propped his head with his hands. He was about three feet from his sister's bare sex.
"So, nothing needs fixing?" she asked. "They can, you know, shrink lips and stuff. Do I need it?"
"Not in my opinion."
"What about that freckle?" she pointed to a small dark circle in the delicate curve where her thigh met her groin.
"You've always had that freckle."
"You remember my freckle?"
"Sure, when you were like four years old, you went through a phase when you liked to run around naked in the backyard. Mom and Dad kept checking you for ticks and commenting on your freckle. I don't know, it stuck in my head."
"I was thinking about letting them remove it with a laser."
"Keep it. It's cute."
"Aw, that's sweet. So nothing needs to change at all?"
"Nope."
"Promise?"
"Yeah."
"Hold on," she turned around quickly to bend at the waist, placing one hand on his desk. She thrust her bare ass at him, closing the distance between them to barely two feet. She looked at him over her shoulder. "How about from this angle?"
It was a more wanton pose than Winston was prepared for. Her ass was mostly obscured by the towel she still wore, but he could see the unbroken vertical line of her pussy lips disappear beneath its cloth. If anything, the partial coverage made this perspective more provocative. "Still good," he choked out.
"Wait a second, lemme get this out of the way." She abruptly stood and pulled the towel off, dropping it to the floor. She was now entirely nude. She bent over again, this time well beyond perpendicular until her shoulder touched his desk. She was looking back at him through the space between her long lean ivory thighs. She slid her feet outwards until they were more than shoulder width apart. She went up on tiptoe and the sleek muscles of her hamstrings and her little heart-shaped buttocks played beneath her flawless, pale skin.
Her, well, her everything was on complete display. Absurdly, she was still all business. "Okay, you said 'good.' Now, is that 'good' as in 'OK' or 'good' as in a guy will get crazy hot when he sees me like this?"
It was impossible to be clinical about this. Winston masturbated to images less graphic than what she was showing him now. He was getting lightheaded. "Ummm... the second one. Crazy hot." He felt heat rising to his cheeks.
"You're sure? 'Cause, I want to be a hottie."
"You're already there, sis."
"Awww, that was sweet too," she beamed, "Now, how about just above my girlie goods?"
"Huh?"
"You know, my bumhole."
His eyes darted up to the tiny pale star nestled in her asscrack before he could stop himself. "What about it?"
"Does it look good too?"
"It looks like what it should look like."
"Don't get difficult on me now. You've been really helpful so far. Does it look sexy? I mean, if you weren't my brother, would you want to lick it?"
"How could you possible expect me to respond to that question?"
"Just be honest. What do you have to be embarrassed about? I'm the one standing here naked. Girls can get their buttcracks laser-bleached. Should I do it? I mean, would you lick it?"
He was giddy with irrational lust and still reeling from the hangover. "Probably... if I wasn't your brother."
"Eh, what do you know, you're practically gay," she grinned, still looking at him through the triangular space between her thighs.
"That was a cheap shot." He grimaced.
"Sorry, you're right. That was below the belt. If you want, I'll let you take a picture of me like this too."
"Jess!"
"Okay, just kidding," she stood up and bounced happily over to him. "Here, hugs to make up." She stooped to hug him awkwardly because he was still lying down.
"Umm, sis?"
"Hmmm?"
"You're naked."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry." She picked up her towel and darted out his bedroom door.
She was barely out of view before she doubled back and rushed to him as he rolled onto his side and he tried to gather his wits after what had just happened. His wit-gathering failed because she knelt and kissed him. It was the same quick, soft peck on the lips she used to give him years ago as children.
"One up," she whispered. And the years melted away for a moment because that was how they scored their games of stolen kisses.
He was speechless, gaping at his nude kid sister.
"What, you don't remember our game?" she pouted, standing up.
"Of course I do, it's just..."
"Hmmm?"
"Jess, honey, you're still naked." Her crotch was at his eye level and he nodded his head towards it while trying not to look.
"Ahh! Right! Sorry!"
She darted back out of his bedroom, leaving Winston so dazed and confused that his hangover was forgotten.
Thankfully, the rest of the day was relatively normal. Although he caught his sister looking at him now and again and smirking to herself.
The next morning, he drove her to the hospital for her surgery. He dropped her off at its entrance. "Sure you don't want me to come in and wait with you?"
"Nah, I'll be fine. This will probably take all day. If you want, you can stop in to visit tonight. If not, I'll call you to come pick me up tomorrow when I'm discharged."
That night, Winston did visit his sister although she was completely out of it from the general anesthetic and pain killers. He talked to the nurses and they told him everything went well. He parked himself in the chair next to her bed and watched the TV in her room for a couple of hours. His sister's only recognition that he was there was to reach over to take his hand when he rested his arm on the bed. They held hands while he watched TV in silence. He left when the nurses kicked him out because visitor's hours were over.
The next day, he collected his sister when she called. He wheeled her to his truck and together they slowly and carefully transferred her to the passenger seat. At home they put her to bed. It was piled high with pillows so she could sit mostly upright.
He stopped in on her throughout the day, making sure she was getting enough fluids and giving her the prescribed antibiotics and pain relievers.
By that night, she was already looking fairly normal.
He made her a corned beef sandwich, her favorite, for dinner. When he rested the plate on her lap, he paused to sniff at his sister. "Jess, there's no way to put this delicately. You stink."
She grinned weakly. "I'm not an expert but I think your bedside manner might need work. You're right though, I do stink. My last shower was two days ago."
"Want to try a sponge bath?"
"Really? No fooling?" She looked like a starving person being offered food.
"Sure, I could use the practice."
"Oh, that would be awesome! I feel all grimy and gross."
While she ate her sandwich, he gathered a large bowl of cool water, a bar of mild soap, a few washcloths, and a couple of huge towels. Together, they managed to get one of the towels beneath her to keep the bed from getting soaked.
He gently washed her hands and arms. At his urging, she crunched forward a little and he managed to carefully slip her oversized t-shirt off one arm at a time. Beneath it, her chest was wrapped snugly in a tensor bandage.
"Want me to wash your face or would you rather do it yourself?"
"Do you mind doing it? I've actually been enjoying this. I bet your sponge baths will be popular someday." She closed her eyes and he gently cleaned her face.
She couldn't see him with her eyes shut so he took the opportunity to really look at his sister. Her long dark lashes were pretty. She had great lips too. Even her earlobes were cute. Whether he meant to or not, Winston invariably compared prospective girlfriends to his sister and they always came up wanting.
He patted her face dry and took a small tube of moisturizer from off her nightstand then quickly smoothed some on his sister's lips. Its sickly sweet coconut smell made him hungry. "We can't have your smoocher getting chapped. You'll have a lot of boys waiting to pucker up when you get through this." He was laying the compliments on a bit thick. Besides, his sister already had her pick of her classmates.
She opened her eyes and looked at him meaningfully. "But I don't want a lot of boys. I just want one good one. And trust me..." she let that pause go for a couple of heartbeats, "they're really hard to find."
The genuiness of her comment hung in the air. It made Winston uncomfortable. He changed the subject. "All righty, it's time to wash 'The Girls.' Think I'll need a bigger washcloth?" He tried to brighten the mood; humor still his best shield. "Let me know as soon as anything hurts okay?"
Jess nodded as he carefully unwrapped the tensor bandage. "Tunny, this may sound kinda weird, but I'm glad you're going to be the first boy to see them."
"I'm not a boy right now, I'm a nurse."
"You're always a boy to me." She smiled weakly. "And always my big brother."
He didn't reply. Instead he finished unwrapping her chest. It took every millimeter of self-control he could muster to keep a poker face. Sure, there was a lot of healing to do, but he could already tell his sister's new boobs were fantastic. Great, add this to her beautiful face, impossibly long legs and glorious tush. Jess had just piled on one more ridiculously hot thing about her for him to try not to think about. Her new breasts were large, gravity-defying teardrops. They sat a little high right now, but when they settled in she would be ready for a centerfold.
"Well?" she finally asked because her brother was so quiet.
"Hmmm..." he tried to look thoughtful, "Well, should the right one be green on the bottom?"
"What?!"
"Just kidding. Everything looks fine. Looks like you at least kept the size down to something realistic looking."
Jessica bit her lip. "Dr. Nelson called them 'a very generous C.' He wouldn't go any bigger."
"Well, I think you're still definitely eligible for that 'BT' nickname you asked me for this spring. Want me to get you a mirror so you can look?"
"No. Yes. Maybe. Ack, I don't know."
"If you're willing to take my word that everything is okay, I suggest you hold off another day or two until you've healed a bit more. You might freak out a little right now, there's some mild bruising."
"Okay."
"Time for more washing. Ready, Stinky?"
"Hey, I liked 'BT' better," she groused.
"No telling which nickname will stick," he sassed. Their banter helped distract Winston as he began washing his sister's shoulders. When she cooed happily, he let it became more of a massage, stroking her muscles awhile. He washed under her arms as well.
"Lean forward a little. I can get part of your back at least." She struggled a bit, her stomach and chest were sore. He continued with the soapy massage then rinsed her with the unsoaped wet cloth. She leaned back onto the bed with a sigh.
He paused with the washcloth. Okay, it was time for the boobs. He wasn't ready. Would he ever be? He composed himself and ever so gently washed his sister's chest. She winced a few times when he carefully dabbed at her sutures but she didn't say anything. He re-bandaged her and helped her pull on a fresh t-shirt.
"Okay, onto the bottom half." He draped the other large towel over top of her from the waist down for a measure of modesty. She managed to get her sweatpants and underwear started down off her waist before it got too uncomfortable for her to bend forward.
"Help?" she winced. "It hurts to reach."
Winston had to de-pants his sister. A blend of thrill and horror ran through him. He quelled it and reached under the towel for the waistband to her pants at her hip and slid them downward a bit from the side. It was awkward. When they were close to her knees, without thinking, he reached into the middle of the sweatpants to grab them by the crotch. His hand hit the warm center of her panties and he stiffened slightly in surprise. They were soaked. Not sweaty soaked because they were wet only at the crotch. They were horny girl soaked.
No mistaking it, his sister was aroused by his attentions. "It's the painkillers," he told himself. "She's half delirious."
Winston pulled her sweatpants out from under the towel and purposely threw them into the wash basket way on the other side of her room. If he was right, they'd reek of her arousal and he did not need that sensory input right now. He was having a hard enough time dealing with seeing and touching his sister.
He forced these thoughts from his head and focused on washing his little sister's cute feet. "How's that? Too rough? Too soft?"
"Oh just right, it feels amazing. I might take a long time to recover. You may have to do this for months."
"Nice try. You'll be up and around in a couple of days."
He worked his way up her slender ankles and her sleek, toned calves, then her knees. He rolled her covering towel up as he went. He did a pretty good job staying detached again until he got above her knees and started in on her slender, toned thighs. They were silky smooth, flawless and muscular. It was impossible not to have sexual thoughts looking at them and feeling them.
"God, when did my sister get hot thighs?" he wondered to himself.
He must have moved his lips because Jess asked "What was that?"
"Sorry, I guess I was trying to figure out when you went and got all pretty on me."
It was an unguarded comment that made him cringe as soon as it tumbled from of his lips.
There was a pause as the compliment registered with Jessica, and she smiled sweetly. "Thanks brother dear. I do hope you aren't going to say that to all your patients. You might be up on harassment charges," she teased.
At the same time though, she met his eyes and spread her legs a bit. It was a silent invitation for him to continue washing up her thighs.
To be sure, Winston wanted to hear her permission, so he asked. "You fine with me washing your naughty bits?"
"You sound like Mom," Jess grinned. It was true. His occasional resort to a British euphemism was an affectation he'd picked up from their anglophile mother. He didn't even realize it sometimes.
But Jess hadn't answered his question. He smiled and waited patiently until Jess's porcelain cheeks flushed pink and she nodded slightly. "Please? It might kill me to reach down like that."
"No prob," he shrugged, switching smoothly back to American slang. But, dammit, there was a 'prob.' He was about to touch his sister's pussy. It had been virtually impossible to get over seeing it a few days ago. Now he had to touch it? He tried to think about something else.
Jess misinterpreted his hesitation. She looked hurt and embarrassed as she began to slide her legs closed. "If you don't want..."
"No, I want," he reached forward to stop her knees from closing. "Wait, that didn't sound right. I mean, I'm fine with..."
"I know what you meant bro," she smirked. "And thanks. Really. I don't think many guys would be excited at the prospect of washing their sister's goods."
Ah, but that was exactly his problem. He wasn't many guys and he was very excited at the prospect of washing his sister's goods. He just wished he wasn't.
He rolled her covering towel up a bit more and reached beneath it with his washcloth-covered hand, intending to start at her vulva, get a little lather in her pubic hair and gently work downwards to her 'goods' proper. His plan went awry when his washcloth slicked against perfectly smooth skin.
The surprise had shown on his face before he realized it.
Jess giggled. "I wondered how you would react. I got waxed down there the afternoon before the surgery silly."
"Why?" he blurted out.
"Why do you think? 'Cause it's summer and that means bikini season. Plus, all the hot studs that are going to do me will complain about getting hairs in their teeth if I don't. Don't your boyfriends make you shave your goodies?"
For once, Winston was so grateful for a round of I'm-a-slut-and-you're-gay that he did something completely different. He actually played along. In his best lisp he responded, "Sweetie, they are so grateful to get a piece of my grade 'A' cock that they're happy to deal with a few hairs." It distracted him well enough that he could quickly soap her crotch.
Jess grinned. "Really?!"
"No! I'm not gay!" He said, exasperated. He came back to her with a second towel to rinse her, both of them aided by the distraction of their banter.
"Pfffft, I meant about the grade 'A' part."
"How should I know? I don't have a lot of comparative data."
"Show me and I'll tell you."
"What?"
"Come on, you saw my stuff! Hell, you're rubbing it right now."
He was. And now he became all too aware of it. He finished and withdrew his hand from beneath the towel before responding. "Look, you got naked so I could help you decide whether or not to get more surgery. Of course I looked at your bits! I'm not having anything done to my junk. No reason for me to drop trousers on you sis." In his nervousness he was ping-ponging transatlantically for his euphemisms.
"Well, it would make me feel less weird about being naked in front of you for all this. We'd be Steven evens."
The last two words of her retort tugged at his heartstrings by making him think of when they were kids again. It was another Jessica-ism. Like her inability to pronounce 'Winston' or 'spaghetti' (she nearly hit high school before she stopped saying "puh-sketty"), Jess had mixed up a few common phrases like "even Stevens" when she was little. She'd twisted it into "Steven evens."
"No deal chickie."
"You suck," Jessica whined.
Winston grinned. "I told you, I'm not gay."
His sister giggled despite herself. "I meant generally."
"I know what you meant." In the pause, he stooped to kiss her on the cheek. "I'm going to go downstairs and grab a bite to eat. You need anything?"
"No, I'm OK. Hand me that black bag before you go though? I've got my iPod and stuff to read in there. I'm all TV'ed out today."
Winston left with the bowl and washcloths. He took the stairs down two at a time. His head felt clearer the further he got from Jessica. His heart and his cock were begging him to go back though. He could handle the second traitorous body part easily enough. When he got to the kitchen he unrolled two paper towels, undid his pants, and masturbated into them. The towels. Not his pants. It took about 5 seconds for him to finish. Now, that just left his heart. No fix for that.
He reheated some leftovers and watched a baseball game. It ran into extra innings and he fell asleep on the couch before it was over.
He woke up in the middle of the night and went upstairs to check on his sister before going to bed. Not wanting to disturb her, he didn't turn on the light on his way in. He damn near fell on his ass when he stepped barefooted onto a small, hard cylinder on her wood floor. He found the offending object and picked it up to look at it against the small amount of light coming in through her bedroom window. He jerked it back down when he realized what it was.
Holy crap, it was a vibrator. His sister's vibrator. Now what?
Winston did two things next that he instantly knew that he would deny to his last breath. He'd lie to the Pope if he had to.
First, he lifted that vibrator to his nose and sniffed it.
Second, he licked it. Sweet. Tart. Tangy. Just a tiny hint of musk. It tasted like sheer heaven.
What would happen if the most fantastic smelling, the most fantastic tasting, pussy you ever came into contact with was your sister's? Your little sister's? (Nah, don't incriminate yourself. Let's stick to Winston's case). Winston's cock hit 110% on the stiff-o-meter.
His sister masturbated with a vibrator.
Yep, his sister masturbated with a vibrator.
He had to think it twice for the idea to penetrate fully.
He looked around. On the floor next to her bed was the black bag he'd handed her before leaving to go downstairs. She must have knocked it off the bed in her sleep. It was bad luck that her sex toy was the one thing to fall out into the open. Out of curiosity, he twisted it at the base to turn it on. It didn't. It was either broken or... he snickered to himself... she'd run down the batteries. He tucked it back into the black bag and slipped out of her room.
Here's what Winston missed because he was nightblind when he entered her room and so thrown off by his discovery: Jessica was awake for his brief visit. Unlike her brother, her eyes were quite adjusted to the dark. She saw what he did with her vibrator and barely managed not to gasp as she watched. She'd already been having trouble falling asleep. Her brother's sponge bath had left her in sweet agony. Out of frustration, she'd tried to masturbate with the vibrator but her stomach and back were too sore to do it comfortably. Yet more frustration. She'd thrown her toy to the floor to break it and for him to see. What she saw her brother do only made it harder for her to sleep.
The next morning when Winston checked on his sister he found her already awake but looking tired. "Want another washing today, BT?"
Jessica smiled. "Don't get me wrong, the sponge bath was fun, but I'd kill for a shower."
"No showers until tomorrow."
"How about a real bath then?" she pouted.
"A bath is possible if we're extra careful to keep your sutures above the water. I'll go fill it up."
"Fill mom and dad's tub? I want the big tub. And bubble bath."
"Sorry, can't have bubbles."
"Ugh, how about that milk bath stuff of Mom's then?"
He thought about it. "Don't see why not."
He went into the master bath and started running hot water into the tub. He doused it liberally with lavender milk bath. When it was full, he helped his sister out of bed and they slowly walked together into their parents' bathroom.
He'd seen her naked but still looked away as his sister disrobed carefully. His effort to give her privacy was wasted when she cried a quick "Help!"
She was having trouble leaning over in order to step up over the side and into the tub. He lent her one hand and steadied her shoulder with the other from behind. He got a long look at her perfectly heart-shaped ass as she stepped in with one leg.
"See anything you like?" Jess said wryly. He looked up. She was grinning at him in the large mirror on the opposite wall over the bathroom's double sink.
He stammered that he was watching her get in the tub, not ogling her butt.
"It's okay Tunny, it's actually kind of a compliment. Guess my booty is so sweet that even my big brother can't help checking it out."
"Yeah, and umm... I'm gay."
"That's right, you're gay," she gave him a funny, challenging look.
Together they gingerly eased Jessica into the tub. When she tried to lean back, they hit their next problem. Their parents' extra long tub was too long for her to reach the other side with her feet and stay upright. Jessica nearly slipped too far into the water.
She winced at her brother. "Now what? Sitting upright like this really hurts. I need to lean back."
"Gimme a sec, I'm thinking. We need something big you can lean back against."
"You're big..."
"Yeah, but I can't reach across the tub."
"Tunny, are you being dense on purpose? I meant you could get in the tub with me and I could lean on you."
"Oh, uh well…" he said uncertainly.
"Come on, it'll be like when we were kids and Dad threw us in the tub together."
He hesitated. "Jess, I'm not sure I can..."
"Jesus Christ, get in this fucking tub, Tunny! My stomach and chest are killing me!" Jessica wailed, her body twitching at the effort to staying upright.
Winston stripped down to his boxers and hopped into the tub behind his sister. He swung a leg over the other side of her and settled down, then pulled her back to lean against him.
Jessica exhaled slowly as the bruised muscles in her torso relaxed. "I'm really sorry I yelled," she said quietly after a couple of minutes.
"Heh, that was a pretty good one. I haven't heard you scream like that in years," he replied gently. He briefly recalled the tantrums she used to throw.
She settled herself into him until her upper back was pressed against his chest. Her head lolled at his shoulder. She sighed happily as she rested the side of her face onto his chest.
His sister's dark hair brushed his cheek, tickling Winston's beard stubble. Her bare chest was well above the water and just beneath him, he was looking down her shoulder. Jessica's new breasts were large and firm and perfect. There was no fighting his body's natural reaction under these circumstances so he didn't. His erection struggled to grow to its full eight inch length, pushing its way up his sister's lower back. She shifted slightly to let it finish hardening then leaned back against him to trap it between their bodies again.
"Well, it feels grade 'A' anyway," she whispered.
"You're not helping, Jess."
"Sorry, thought you'd like to know though."
"Thanks sis."
"Turn off the lights, Tunny? I'd like to soak in the dark for awhile. That all right with you?"
"Sure." He flipped the light switch next to him and the bathroom went pitch black. With any luck, the situation would be easier if didn't have to look at his absurdly hot sister.
Winston was wrong.
He couldn't see her breasts anymore, but things got worse because… well, what happens when you can't see? Yep, his other senses sharpened. He smelled her more intensely now. Her hair was musky - they'd have to wash it soon - but it was a good musk. A young woman's musk. He heard her every breath too. Even her breathing was cute - innocent belly breathing through her nose and mouth. He felt her every twitch. He felt his own heartbeat too. This was not relaxing.
Perhaps having the same problem, or sensing his, Jessica started humming softly. He focused on the sound to drown out the other sensations. It took him a minute to recognize the tune. It was the lullaby that their Mom sang to them when they were little. Even that was English. No "rock a bye baby" for the Kendall kids. No sir-ee. That would be too damn normal.
"Do you realize what you're humming?" Winston asked his sister.
"Mom's lullaby right?"
"Do you know the words?"
"Mmmm... no I don't remember."
"It's called 'Lavender's Blue.' " He cleared his throat and sang the first verse, the only one he could recall:
Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green,
When I am king, dilly, dilly, you shall be queen.
Who told you so, dilly, dilly, who told you so?
'Twas my own heart, dilly, dilly, that told me so.

Jessica chuckled. "You remember the weirdest things. The freckle next to my cooter. Now Mom's lyrics."
"Yeah, I guess it popped in my head because we're sitting in this lavender bath stuff." Another memory prompted by a scent.
"Funny. You know, I'd be your queen Tunny. Like in the lullaby, I'd be your queen."
It was his turn to chuckle.
"Push my back up a sec?" she asked as he laughed.
He helped her upright and she used that opportunity to plant a palm on his chest and twist into him. It was dark and they were talking about lullabies so he didn't see it coming. She kissed him - that quick, soft peck on the lips that scored their game.
"Two up, Tunny," she sighed and he swore she lingered a moment in the perfect dark just millimeters in front of him because he felt her warm breath exhale out onto his face and the cool vacuum of her next breath inwards. She finally turned her back to him and reclined against him again. "You're not as good at this game as you used to be, I think you're rusty."
The intensity of her closeness, their mutual near-nudity, and the dark gave him the courage to say what he was thinking. "I'm not even sure what game we're playing anymore, Jess."
"Same game, honey." She searched for his hand under the bath water and took it. She squeezed it gently. "Just higher stakes."
They lingered in the dark, in the bathtub, each thinking their own thoughts. Jessica went back to humming their Mom's lullaby.
Winston's head was a swirl of emotions. They shared so much history. Was it helping? Or was it hurting?
Thankfully, the bath began to get cool.
"Ready?" He finally asked. "I'm turning into a giant wrinkle back here."
" 'Kay," came her short, soft response. She sounded disappointed that their bath time was ending.
Leaving the lights off, he carefully helped her from the tub and slipped out of his waterlogged boxer shorts. He toweled her dry from head to toe, grabbed another dry towel, and wrapped her in it.
Then he flicked the light on. Ooops. He'd been so focused on making sure his sister was dry and covered that he forgot about himself. He was standing there completely naked. Their eyes met for a millisecond and Jess immediately looked down at his erect eight inch cock. He saw her eyes go wide in surprise just as he flipped the light switch off.
"Whoa, that definitely looks grade 'A' too, brother dear," she snickered in the dark.
"Very funny. Show's over. Now go get in bed. I'm putting on a towel."
"Awww..." she whined as she made her way back towards her bedroom.
He wrapped a towel around his waist then followed her to her room.
"Stay with me some more?" his sister pleaded.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jess."
"Please? I'm having trouble sleeping. Just watch TV with me?"
"All right, at least let me put on some pajamas."
"Yay! Slumber party! Could you microwave some popcorn too?"
Before he left he watched his sister, still wrapped in the towel, carefully get into bed.
He returned in a few minutes with a big bowl of popcorn and hopped onto the bed to join her. He noticed the towel she'd been wearing was folded at the foot of the bed. He hadn't helped her dress.
"Sis, what are you wearing under those covers?"
"Practically nothing."
" 'Practically nothing' or nothing."
"The second one."
"Si-is!" He made it a two syllable whine.
"Oh come on," she rolled her eyes, "you can't see anything. Besides, you've already seen my entire body anyway. Plus, the fresh sheets you put on the bed feel wonderful against my skin."
"I give up," Winston sighed.
"Finally," she cheered, "now gimme some popcorn."
He passed the popcorn and the TV remote. It was still her room, after all. She inflicted the Lifetime channel on him mercilessly. As a defensive measure, he fell asleep.
He woke up when he heard his sister breathing funny and he slid one eye open. The TV was on, lighting the room, but the volume was muted.
As his mental sleep fog began to clear, he realized Jessica's hands were moving beneath the covers. That, combined with her breathing and well... his sister was clearly masturbating. But, if he was reading her face correctly in the poor light - her lips pressed tightly together, her dark eyebrows scrunched together too - she looked kind of pissed. Was she having trouble getting off because he was in bed with her? Or maybe, he realized, it was because she'd broken her vibrator. He wondered if she could satisfy herself without it.
She groaned softly in frustration and stopped, apparently giving up.
He pretended to shift in his sleep and wake up.
"You still awake, sis?" This was obvious because she was staring right at him.
"Yeah," she huffed.
"What's the matter, still can't sleep?"
"No."
"Want some warm milk or something?"
"No."
"Look, I'm not saying it's smart but there's some left over Vicodin in dad's medicine chest. I can give you one. It might zonk you out enough so you can get some rest."
"No."
"I hate seeing you like this kiddo. Sure there isn't anything I can do?"
"Anything? Would you... would you buy me a vibrator?" she blurted that thought out so fast it sounded like one long word run together.
He automatically parroted it back to her for confirmation before he realized what he was saying, "Buy you a vibrator?"
"Mine broke," she sniffled, "I'm so used to playing with myself before going to sleep that I'm all messed up now."
"Aw jeez, sis."
"I know, I'm sorry but I'm climbing the walls. It's actually getting worse."
"Even if I could bring myself to buy sex toys for my sister, the only adult shop anywhere near here is down on route 52 and," he glanced at her alarm clock that read 1:15, "they closed at midnight."
She looked at him funny.
"Let's not talk about why I know that," he smiled.
His self-effacing humor made Jessica stifle a laugh.
"Looks like you're screwed missy. Or not screwed, rather," He joked again, hoping to turn her mood around.
It worked and she followed his humor like he'd hoped. "Then just go get Dad's gun and shoot me," she said melodramatically.
She looked around for the TV remote. It had slid down towards the foot of the bed. She leaned forward a bit to grab it but couldn't quite reach. He stirred and leaned over to grab it for her.
It was a trap. She kissed him the quick soft peck on the lips.
"Three up," she grinned. "Now say it," she said smugly.
"Oh come on."
"Say it."
"I don't even remember how it went."
"Bullshit, you never forget anything. Now say it."
Winston sighed. He affected his most preposterous theatrical British accent and recited the ritual offering of stolen kisses: "And what favor would my Lady Who Is Most Sneaky ask?"
Jess responded in a voice even more outrageous than his, a high-pitched, trilling accent. "The Lady's boon shall be... " but Jess paused.
"Tunny, I can't say my boon in my little girl voice because it would be really wrong." She looked in his eyes and he felt the weight of what she was trying to say. "I need your help. I need you, Tunny. Tonight. Do you understand?"
"Sure sis, you know that..." he trailed off when he realized what she was asking.
"I don't need romance, Tunny. I need satisfaction. You won't even have to do much."
"Aw jeez, Jess..."
"I just need you to touch me a little. Nothing crazy."
"Other than the fact that I'm your brother?"
"Yeah, there's that. But I think that's actually going to help. I feel safe with you."
"Help you. Not me!"
There was a long pause. Jessica let her large soft green eyes show her need.
"Fine, where do you want me to touch you?" He relented.
"Where do you think? Come on under the covers." She lifted the blankets and he slid under them with her. "Now get closer. Cuddle in next to me."
He curled his body into his sister's side. "Like this?"
"Good, now give me your right hand." She drew up the leg nearer to him at the knee until her foot was flat on the bed. She slid his hand from her hip along her thigh, caressing herself with him to her knee. Then she slowly drew his hand down the back of her leg along the long firm muscle of her hamstring. His breath caught a bit as her hamstring transitioned smoothly into the smooth curve of her right butt cheek.
Jess circled two fingers of his hand and drew them slowly across to her sex. He felt the smooth delicate folds of her outer lips. When he felt the moist heat of her opening, Winston gasped.
"It's okay, silly, you've washed my entire body, including this."
"You're crazy. This is way different."
"Yeah, I think you're right, this is different," she giggled. "This is way better. Feel how smooth I am after waxing? I really like it. It feels sexy. Okay, now we'll just barely slip your fingers inside me."
She sighed as she teased her entrance with his fingers then slowly pushed them into herself. "Good, right to there. Stop. Not too far. Perfect. Don't move 'em unless I say so. Got it?"
"Got it."
"You can breathe though, you know. "
Winston hadn't noticed he was holding his breath and let out a nervous exhale. "Sorry, I guess I'm a little tense."
"Relax. Don't be nervous. You're doing great. I'm enjoying this. It feels... Tunny... this feels really, really right to me. Is that weird?"
Winston chuckled nervously. "It's your hormones talking. You'd say that to the twelve year-old kid who delivers our newspaper if he was in my place right now."
"Maybe," she giggled again.
"Tunny?"
"Yeah?"
"I love you," she said simply. She turned her head to softly kiss his nose. It was a sweet but absurdly chaste gesture given where his hand was.
"I love you too, sis."
She closed her eyes and settled herself. He watched her lick her lips, her little pink tongue darting out to trace their outline. It made Winston wince. He watched quietly as his sister began to masturbate. His eyes darted between her flushed face and the outline of her hands moving beneath the concealing blanket.
At one point, on pure instinct, Winston began to move his fingers in and out a little without realizing it. Jessica's eyes immediately flew open and she shook her head. "No," she whispered hoarsely. He nodded and held still.
A minute later, his sister's body began to move jerkily. Her breathing had become quick and shallow.
"Tunny, tell me to cum?" his sister whimpered.
"Go ahead and cum, Jess."
"More. Tell me more."
"Let it out honey. Let it out and be happy."
"Dirtier."
Winston blurted out what he was thinking. "Cum on my fingers, Jess. Let me feel your perfect little pussy cum all over my fingers."
"My brother's fingers," she moaned. That did it. She groaned and spasmed. Her twitching walls clutched at the two fingers just inside her. Winston had to bite his own lip to keep quiet as he watched her vibrate through her release.
"How was that?" he asked as his sister finally relaxed.
"Wonderful," his sister opened her eyes and looked at him. They were glazed and her pupils were huge and dark.
"I'm glad." He gently eased his fingers from her. "Maybe now you can get some rest..."
Jessica frowned. "Not yet, I need more."
"What?"
"What can I say? I'm not really a one-and-done kinda girl. I usually go at least twice. Do you have any condoms, Tunny?"
"Whoa, no I don't. Do we really need to..."
"Shit. And, yes, I know what I need right now. How's your willpower Tunny? Oh god, why am I even asking? You're like a walking pyramid of willpower. That's half our problem..." she muttered that last part to herself only semi-cryptically. "It doesn't have to be a big deal, I'm just going to borrow the first inch and a half of your grade 'A' thing for a couple of minutes. Got it?"
"Let me see if I have this right, you're going to use my real thing as a substitute for your fake thing which you need in order to properly fantasize about getting the real thing and have another orgasm so you can sleep."
"Yep."
"Right. Great. This makes perfect sense," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be mean. It'll make it harder for me to relax."
"You're serious... why do you need me to do this?"
She turned to look at him. A lock of her dark hair covered one eye. Her ivory skin glowed in the light of the television. "Am I pretty?"
She had to know the question was rhetorical. "Yes," he said softly.
"Do you love me?"
"Of course."
"Did you lose at stolen kisses?"
"Yes.
"Do you want to help me?"
"Yes."
"Then let's stop talking about the 'why' and get down to the how." She looked at him a little more seriously. "Besides, frankly, at least one part of you is really enjoying this. I felt your nice, big thingie poke me in the side a few times."
She reached down and gently inserted her hand into the waistband of his pajama bottoms. He didn't move to stop her as her fingers circled his erection. The unfamiliar and illicit contact between his sister's hand and his cock made his head spin. His eyes slid tightly shut. So wrong. So very wrong. She stroked his end a few times, distributing his pre-cum, then grabbed the waistband and hauled it down over his hips. His erection sprang free.
The boldness of her move made Winston's eyes fly open and fix on his sister's face. She was staring at him intently, her mouth hanging open. She pursed her lips and exhaled as she drew his cock beneath her raised leg and towards her opening. He felt the heat radiating from her entrance before she placed him to her hot wet sex. They were just barely touching.
"Hunch into me a little?" she whispered.
He curled more tightly into her. Slowly, painstakingly, she rubbed him at her opening. She was warm, slick, and tight. So tight that he had to help by pressing into her steadily. It was the most intense feeling of his young life as he entered her. She gently but insistently stopped him before he was two inches inside her.
She was panting already. "Wow. That's good. You're ah... don't take this the wrong way, but you're nice and meaty in the way it counts. I feel stretched."
"Jess!"
"Sorry, but it's true. Okay, seriously, no cumming, Tunny. As bad as this is... as bad as what we're doing is... if you come it would be really bad. Okay?"
"'Kay," he choked out. This was going to be even more difficult than he thought. He might as well never had sex before. The sensation of being inside of his sister made sex with other women pale by comparison.
He felt her hand moving above his shaft, playing at her clitoris again. Periodically, she traced a few fingers down around his girth to gather moisture from their leaking intersection to continue her masturbation.
For the first two minutes Winston forced himself to think about anything not sexual.
His sister interrupted his focus. "Tunny? Can you get on top of me? Please? It feels funny from this angle. It's unbelievably good though. I'm going to cum really hard, I can tell already."
He slipped out of her briefly then rose and slid between her legs. She carefully pulled him back into her, no further than before, and went back to masturbating. He looked down at his beautiful kid sister's face, flushed with excitement. He fought the urge to lean down and press his lips to hers. He made the third and fourth minutes by exerting his considerable willpower.
Moving into the fifth minute, he starting formulating a way to tell his sister that he needed a break before...
Hallelujah! She rescued him with her second orgasm. Moaning a steady series of softly grunted "Ugh hugh ugh hugh, yeah," she jerkily rocked forward and back in her enormous release. To his relief, her orgasmic rocking caused him to pop free from the warmth of her vagina.
Unfortunately, his respite was brief because on one of Jessica's downward rockings his slickened shaft slid up between her asscheeks and skidded up along the crack of her ass. Instead of objecting, Jess, still cumming wildly, rocked herself up and down further, trapping his cock between her firm buns. She continued touching herself, riding out her orgasm.
Winston couldn't help himself. His resolve was already in shambles from holding out inside her. No harm could be done like this and it felt too damn good. He began to push forward to meet her.
Jess finally came to her senses and realized her brother was moving against her urgently. She continued rocking up and down gently with him. "Can you come like this?" she asked softly as they hunched together. She clenched the cheeks of her ass, massaging his cock with her sleek, muscular buns.
"Definitely," he groaned, looking down at her hungrily.
"Then do it," she said, her expression soft and affectionate.
"Are you sure, sis?"
"Absolutely, it's only fair. You were was so good, so patient, for me just now. I know it probably just about killed you. I owe you. Go ahead, hump my little teen butt and get off too. We'll be Steven evens."
"You're horrible."
"Yeah yeah," she grinned a little, "keep humping, buddy. Just not too rough. It hurts my boobs when they bounce." She carefully held her chest in place with her arms.
It was barely another minute before he came, and dear Lord he came, he jerked himself back and away from her and quickly grabbed the towel off the bed to wrap himself in its terry-cloth. Immediately, he was wincing with the force of his own orgasm. He pulsed into the towel in heavy throbs of thick semen. It felt like he was ejaculating molasses. He couldn't remember ever coming this hard before.
When he finished, he was panting. His head hung limply from his shoulders.
"Was it awesome for you too?" his sister finally asked, looking up at him. Her voice was already sleepy.
"Very."
"I'm glad. Good night, Tunny," she turned her head to rest on the pillow and closed her eyes. "And... thanks."
"Good night, sis."
He gingerly removed the now cum-soaked towel from them both and looked away as he fixed her blankets. Given what they'd done, he'd seen very little of his sister's nude body. He flung the towel into the wash basket on the other side of her room. He padded barefoot back to his own room and threw himself on the bed. Guilt gnawed viciously at him for what had just happened.
~~~***~~~
He must have fallen asleep because he woke up to daylight and the feeling of his sister's lips pressing softly into his. "Hey, I was sleeping," he groused. "No points for a sleeping smooch."
"I know," she replied softly. He didn't need to open his eyes to know she kept her face just fractions of an inch from his. They traded a few breaths. It was an intimate moment and Winston's cock stirred involuntarily. When he opened his eyes finally, her bright eyes - hazel at the moment - occupied his entire field of view.
She rubbed her nose against his in a quick Eskimo kiss then retreated. He blinked as he looked at her. She was wearing his green cotton bathrobe. "I smooched you because I'm happy. I finally got a great night's sleep and today is New Bra Day!"
No mention of what they did last night? Winston wondered if they could ever put that completely behind them.
In the meantime, Jessica was right. It was the third day after her surgery and she was supposed to switch from the tensor bandage to a non-underwire bra. She dragged him out of bed and led him over to her room where she pulled the top drawer of her dresser open.
"Look, sis, about last night..."
She didn't even look up. "What about it? I needed help and you were there for me. You're a good brother, Tunny. Always have been."
"That's it?"
"Yup," she said simply. "Feel free to beat yourself up about it, but that's how I see things. Now, can we talk booby-holders?" she cried gleefully picking around the drawer's contents. It was filled with nearly two dozen sets of new underwear. The bras were sized for her new breasts - she'd clearly gone shopping beforehand.
Jessica's eyes were darting everywhere. "I can't decide. You pick. Which one is going to be the first to hold my new superboobs?"
He was at a loss, still reeling from her casual acceptance of last night's - what was it? Mutual masturbation, he guessed. He also didn't know much about bras. "Uhh... how about this one?" He pointed at a pretty, white lacy one.
Jessica laughed. "A push-up demicup? You're such a boy. I'll wear that one for you later. Right now I need something with support, dummy."
She rifled through the drawer and pulled out two bras. Both were full-cupped lacy affairs but one was black and one was electric blue.
He'd always liked blue. "That one." He pointed to it.
She turned her back to him and loosened the robe. Then she careful donned her new bra. "Oh this is awesome," she chimed, pulling it gently into place.
"How so?"
"I used to have trouble filling out an A cup. It was annoying having gappy underwear. I had to be careful matching some sweaters with the right shaped bra. Ugh, I hated it," she grumbled. "But now, I am seriously filling out this bra. I've got extra cleavage in a C-cup!"
She spun to face him, holding the top of the robe open. "Check it out."
"Whoa." It was all he could get out. The roundness of her creamy white breasts overfilled her bra slightly, pressing together into a tight cleavage above it. Her pale skin against the electric blue was... well... electric.
"You like?" She shrugged her shoulders and her chest swung minutely.
He gawked a little and found his voice, "I think you could hypnotize people with those things."
"Really? People? Anyone in particular? Like you perhaps?"
No point in denying it. "Yeah, I'm afraid I'm 'people.' "
"Good. Now hand me the matching panties."
He did. They were small and lacy. There wasn't much fabric to them.
Bending over slowly, painstakingly, she stepped into them and pulled them up and on beneath the robe. She flung the robe off to stand in front of her brother.
"How's the whole package?"
He gave his best, cheesy wolf whistle. "You'd have your pick, but I'd go with Perfect 10."
"Huh?"
"The magazine. Don't get me wrong, Playboy and Penthouse would take you too, I'm just saying."
"Dork. Want to be the first to get a new, big boobie hug?"
"Sure," he said as she slid the two steps into him and pressed herself gently against his body.
"How's that?" she giggled.
"Nice." He looked down over her shoulder at her ass. The lacy electric blue panties weren't a thong but they were quite brief. Half of her buttcheeks were uncovered. Her tush looked delectable. "You're tarting up the panties a bit there too sis. Mom might freak when she sees them in the washer."
"You said that if I got big boobs that people wouldn't notice the rest of me. You had a point, so I'm emphasizing my sweet little tush a bit extra."
"That wasn't the point I was trying to make."
"I know. But I derive a certain satisfaction out of twisting your honorable intentions to my own devious ends."
Her cheeky response rang so true that it made him pause for a moment. "Sis, I'm having that printed on a t-shirt for you to wear around. It could be your life's slogan."
"And I'd wear it," she snickered. "But for now, here's your fair warning Tunny, I'm not putting any more clothes on than this for today. I want to enjoy my spiffy new body. Think you'll survive?"
"Sure. I'm a... what did you call me?"
"A pyramid of willpower."
"Yeah."
"And you're gay," she reminded him with a smirk.
"Sure, I'm a big ol' gay pyramid of willpower."
She giggled. "Speaking of which, there's a bone I've been meaning to pick with you for awhile now."
"Hmmm?" he covered his mouth against a stolen kiss as she leaned into him.
Instead, she whispered into his ear, "Why didn't you tell me that cum tastes so good?"
"Dammit it, Jess!"
"Haha. Gotcha. Come on, I'll make you breakfast. When is the last time you had my patented oatmeal?" She ducked out her bedroom door and down the stairs.
With Jess gone, Winston's eyes sought the cum-soaked towel from the previous night. It was his very own Tell-Tale Heart, he could practically hear it throbbing: "Bad brother. Bad brother. Bad brother."
It took him a moment to locate the towel because it wasn't in the wash basket he'd tossed it into last night. Jess must have moved it. It was on the bed now. "Wait a second, had she been talking about the taste of his cum?" he wondered before crushing that down with a heavy mix fear, revulsion and disbelief. He shook his head and followed his sister down into the kitchen.
Jessica's patented oatmeal had less to do with oatmeal and more to do with the maple syrup, brown sugar, honey and assorted dried fruits (raisins, cranberries and chopped apricots) that she added lustily. Oatmeal was just a binder. The stuff was essentially sugar-based rocket fuel. Winston loved it, but then his sweet tooth was almost as big as hers.
He sat at the kitchen table and watched while his gorgeous, half-naked teenage sister stirred the oatmeal on the range top with a wooden spoon. Her small blue-pantied ass swayed back and forth enticingly. She glanced back at him occasionally to smile and, he began to realize, to make sure he was still watching her. If she'd been wearing high heels too, the scene would have looked like the improbable beginning to a porn movie.
"She's going to wear you down," the thought bubbled into his head, unbidden. Like an enormous burp, it belched up from his subconscious. This part of him knew what the rest of him was denying vigorously. It made him bite his lower lip. His sister wanted to do things with him. Well, they'd already done things. But she wanted to do more things. Things brothers and sisters shouldn't do. Now she had a new and improved body working for her.
He wondered what would hurt her feelings more. Giving in to her seduction? Or resisting it? He pushed these thoughts away too.
They ate their oatmeal at the kitchen table, chatting about their plans for the day. Jessica was supposed to lay low for another 24 hours. She'd be able to venture out tomorrow. In the meantime, Winston had errands to run: grocery shopping, drugstore, post office. He offered to swing by the video store and pick up a few movies for her.
"Yeah, get something I would like?" Jess brightened.
Winston knew what that meant: chic-flicks.
"Anything else you need while I'm out?" he asked. His mind was on last night's plea to buy her a new vibrator.
"Nah, I'm good." She shrugged as she picked up his empty bowl and hers and moved to put them in the dishwasher.
Winston was relieved. He had not been looking forward to purchasing a sex toy for his sister.
"Hey, when you get back, can we figure out a way to wash my hair?"
"Sure."
Winston ran his errands. He came back with groceries and two sappy movies for his sister.
"Up here!" Jessica called from upstairs as he finished putting stuff away in the fridge.
She called him into the bathroom. She was still wearing nothing but her bra and panties. She'd switched into the identical black set. Apparently she was serious about being barely dressed for the foreseeable future. The black stood out against her perfect ivory skin. It also looked a bit sluttier. It took him a moment to tear his eyes away from her and realize that she had set up a plastic folding chair backed up against the tub.
She waited patiently without comment as his eyes raked her body. She enjoyed her newly acquired ability to distract him. "Do you think it will work for a shampoo? I can lean my head back and you can use the hand rinser."
"Looks good to me. When do you want..."
"Right now please. I can't stand myself any longer."
He chuckled and reached past her to turn on the water and let it warm up. After a minute, he told her to lean back and let the hand rinser's spray touch the back of her neck. "Good?"
"Perfect."
He wetted her hair down with the warm water and squeezed a good-sized glob of his sister's rosemary-mint shampoo into his palm.
"Oooohhhh," Jessica cooed happily as he began lathering her hair from the back of her neck, standing next to her. He soon realized why salons have setups where the shampooist can stand behind the basin. It was awkward shampooing from just one side. He couldn't see what he was doing on the opposite side.
He swung a leg around the front of the chair and easily straddled his sister. Being tall had a few advantages. When he glanced down he was looking directly at her cleavage. He wondered how long it would take for him to stop noticing it.
For her part, Jess didn't move. Her eyes were still closed. She looked ecstatic at finally getting her hair washed. And the truth was, he was enjoying it too. It felt intimate without being sexual. He liked being close to her. He lost himself in rubbing and lathering his kid sister's pretty hair.
When every strand had been soaped squeaky clean, he began rinsing her down. He started at her front hairline and worked downwards. As he made his way down towards the back of her neck he lifted her head. They repeated the procedure with the matching conditioner.
Towards the end, he noticed his crotch was getting warmer. He tried to ignore it. With her hair sexily wet and smelling of fresh rosemary-mint, Jess's attractiveness was getting to him again.
He wondered what it would be like if he'd had an ugly sister. Would he feel the same way? No point in wishing for the impossible. Without meaning to, he glanced down for another peak at her barely clad body and...
"Jess!!!" he cried.
She had leaned her head forward into him as he straddled her. Her face was millimeters from his denim-covered crotch. Her mouth was open and she was panting warm breath into the fabric over his groin.
"Aaahhh, sorry!," she said. "I was just... I'm sorry. It was just right there and I... I'm sorry."
"What got into you?"
"Come on, I didn't actually touch anything!"
"Still!"
"Look Tunny, the truth is you started getting hard before I started breathing on you like that. It's what caught my attention. So you're the one who turned this into a sex thing. I was just enjoying a nice wash." She wrapped her hair in the towel. "No harm. No foul. Thanks for the shampoo. Once again, you prove you're the world's best brother." She smooched him, a quick peck on the lips, and then left.
"No points for the kiss," he called after her, "I saw it coming."
"I know," her answer echoed down the hall, "but you didn't cover your mouth or move out of the way did you?"
She was right. He hadn't. She was winning the larger game.
He hid in his room and read for the next few hours until dinner.
They made a quick supper of pork chops and instant stuffing then sat down to watch one of the movies he'd rented for her, Chocolat. He'd seen it before and figured his sister would enjoy the blend of romance and imaginative story. She did. She teased him about being pretty good at picking out chic flicks.
They raided their parents' liquor cabinet to make rum and cokes then stretched out on the family room's two couches to watch the next movie, Shakespeare in Love. Again, he had calculated it to be satisfying for Jessica but survivable for him. He hadn't seen this one.
An hour and two stiff, icy rum and cokes later, the still barely-clothed Jessica crawled onto the floor and towards Winston's couch. The view of her swaying bra-clad breasts and lace covered ass as she made her way over was hot as hell.
"I'm cold," she whispered from the floor, her face inches from his. He smelled her rummy breath.
"You're not wearing any clothes. Of course you're cold. Want this blanket?" He lifted the large throw blanket under his feet.
"Yeah." She took it from him but instead of returning to her couch, she wedged herself onto his. She pulled the blanket over both of them and turned onto her side to see the TV.
"Jess?"
"I'm freezing. You're warm. This is much better and you know it," she said tipsily.
Winston didn't have a lot of options, he could either stay on his back and stare at the ceiling or spoon in behind his sister and resume watching the movie. And it was a pretty good movie. He spooned.
He was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't notice when Jess got off the couch to get them a third round of rum and cokes. He was pretty buzzed. She must be getting hammered by now.
He definitely noticed when his sister got up and fixed them a fourth round because, on her return, her naked ass went by as she settled back onto the couch to spoon with him. She also smelled of coconut. He recognized the smell. She'd been moisturizing. Her smooth, uncovered butt wiggled against the front of his pajama bottoms as she got situated and pulled the blanket back over them.
When she settled, he asked the obvious question. "Sis, you're not wearing any panties are you?"
"Nope. The sexy new lacy ones I was wearing felt itchy. I'm used to the soft cottony or satiny kind. It'll take some time to adjust to the new ones."
"Right," he said sarcastically.
"Don't be such a prude. Wanna take your jammies off, Tunny?"
"Nooo... I'm good." As tipsy as he was, he smelled trouble.
"Sure? I won't mind."
"I'll suffer."
"Honestly, I'd go completely naked right now if I didn't have to wear the bra what with the surgery and all."
"You're killing me, Jess."
"With kindness, brother dear. With kindness." She grabbed his hand, smooched it, and pulled his arm around her. They watched the rest of the movie. For a chic flick it was pretty good. Winston finished his fourth drink and Jess got up to fetch him yet another.
He got up to put in another DVD and stumbled. He was even drunker than he thought. He hadn't had rum in awhile and it was hitting him harder than he realized. The movie he stuck in was a classic James Bond film. He figured Jessica had a good run of girl movies and that she'd be asleep soon anyway. It was after midnight.
They were a third of the way through the Bond flick and he thought she'd fallen asleep when she whispered, "Tunny, I'm horny."
Winston's attentions were split between fighting off a vicious case of room-spins and trying not to get a complete hard-on while watching a scantily clad Britt Ekland work her on-screen magic and having his sister's bare ass pressed against him. "Generally or specifically?" he replied absently.
"Specifically. Like right now. I don't suppose you got me a new toy while you were out?"
"I asked you if you needed anything this morning and you said no."
"I didn't think of it. I don't think of vibrators while I'm having my morning oatmeal."
"I'm not going through what you put me through last night," he said preemptively.
There was a long pause.
"Actually, I don't think you have to. You know what we did after I got off?"
"Yeah," he'd never forget grinding along the smooth tight crease of his sister's perfect ass.
"I really liked it. I think I could come just doing that. If I hadn't had two humongous orgasms just before, I probably would have gotten off again." She wiggled her ass back into him until his hardening, pajama-covered cock was caught between her firm little buns.
"Sis?" he slurred the question.
"Please? You can leave your clothes on this time if you want, I promise. The rum and the romantic movies and snuggling with you for the last couple of hours has me pretty wound up. Just hold still. If you feel like it, you can help by humping back against me."
"Fine."
She ground back against him for a few minutes and, against what was left of his judgment, he found himself pressing back into her. They humped for several minutes. He was soon panting into the back of her neck.
She turned her head to ask him something and in his inebriated state he misunderstood her intention. He kissed her - a long, hard searching kiss that made her gasp into his mouth. It was their first lovers' kiss. She parted her lips in invitation and he slid his tongue into her mouth, playing it across her teeth. She teased him back with her own.
He broke their kiss. "I'm getting raw," he whispered, "need to take my pants off okay?"
"Do it," she said hoarsely. Actually she'd been about to ask him if he minded taking them off when he kissed her.
He shimmied free of his pajama bottoms and spooned back into his sister. She wriggled back against him until he was trapped again between her ass cheeks. The flesh-on-flesh contact was intoxicating in a way rum could never be. They resumed humping. Her crease was soon slick with his pre-cum. By the way her elbow was moving beneath the blanket, he knew his sister was rubbing her clitoris.
Jess said something so softly over her shoulder that he had to ask her to repeat it.
"I said, 'do you know where you are right there?' "
He had only been following the roughened texture on instinct. He realized now that he had been twisting against her rosebud during their humping. "Oh, wow, sorry."
"No, it's okay, it actually feels kinda good. I just didn't want you to get grossed out."
The late hour and the rum made him honest: "Jess, there is absolutely no part of you that I find gross."
"That was sweet, Tunny. Okay, more humping please. I'm most of the way there."
They resumed their grinding. Soon, the tip of his erection caught on the dent of her sphincter and he was lined up perfectly. They both froze.
It was Jess who broke the silence. "Push a little, Tunny?"
He gently hunched towards her, barely able to breath, barely able to believe what she was asking him to do. His cock was pressed firmly against her backdoor. Even through the rum haze he knew this was wrong on multiple levels. It just helped him not care enough to stop.
"Little more?" she whimpered.
He felt her rear entrance begin to give way. Felt the barrier spread into a tiny circle. Felt that tiny circle yield to their combined pressure as she helped by gently wriggling backwards into him.
His sister grunted a soft "ugh" just as the head of his cock slowly slipped into her ass. Her clit hand moved in a frenzy between her legs. The penetration was enough to bring her orgasm on in a rush. She went rigid, her hand continuing to circle her clit. She curled into a ball, heaving a delighted "God yes!" as her orgasm rolled over her. Her curling motion pulled her away from him and he slid free of her ass.
Winston waited patiently as she caught her breath. She turned her head and she kissed him.
"That was sooooo good. Thank you." She looked at him, her eyes glinting happily. She saw his distress, it was written across his face. "Steven evens again?" she asked, kissing him, her tongue tracing along his lip wantonly.
When he finally nodded, she wriggled her ass back against him and he resumed grinding up between her asscheeks.
Inevitably, his tip was rubbing at the loosened, rougher flesh of her rosebud again.
He angled into it instinctively to maximize the contact and he caught himself at her entrance.
"You want to go inside again, honey?" she asked, her hand drifting to his hip.
"Yessss," he hissed softly.
She reached back and took his warm hard length in her hand. She centered him on her ass.
"Push a little again, Tunny."
He entered her more easily this time and she released her hold on his shaft.
"Can I have more this time?" she asked over her shoulder. "I… I kind of like this," she whispered.
He slid almost three inches of his eight inch length into her. Her rectum was furnace-hot and absurdly tight. It was also slicker than he expected, but then again he didn't have much experience in this department.
"Does this feel good big bro?" she asked, her voice was strained.
The question had to be rhetorical, he realized even in his drunken state. "Uh huh."
"Want to try more?" she offered quietly.
"God, yes."
She pressed back against him as he pushed into her. Inch by inch, he slowly slid his cock another three inches into her back passage.
"Oh my god you feel huge," Jess whimpered and paused, "Tunny, honey, I want… I want all of it… all of you inside me, okay? Hold still."
She resumed her backwards press and together they drove his entire length into her until his groin was pressed into her buns. They both realized that they'd been holding their breath.
"You okay, Jess?" he asked, just now worrying about hurting her with his slightly over-sized tool.
"Uh huh. You're so deep. So very, very deep. Gimme a sec," she panted. "Okay, now do me."
"Like, gently or..."
"However you want. I've already come and I can tell I'm going to come again pretty soon no matter what you do. This feels fantastic."
He began sawing a few inches in and out of her tight rectum gingerly.
She urged him on, reaching back to pull his hip into her. "It's all right Tunny, I won't break. Take me. Take my ass. Your little sister's ass. It's yours. I know you like it. You've been admiring it for years. I've been saving it for you."
"I don't want to hurt you, sis. I have no idea what I'm doing. Wait, you haven't done this kind of thing before have you?"
"No, but it's okay. I... err.... I prepared. The coconut you smell, I put some of my lotion up inside me... where you are. Thank god I did. You're really big. And it feels really good like this - all nice and slippery."
"Why you little..."
"Yell at me later, Tunny. Right now, fuck me."
He began to sodomize her steadily. Jessica slid a hand between her legs and began to touch herself again. Winston watched the blanket move as she masturbated. Then the moving stopped and he felt something slender rub his cock from inside her. She was toying at the entrance to her now-dripping vagina. She teased herself and him through the thin membrane that separated her pussy and ass. She slid her other hand down between her legs and used it to frig herself at the same time.
The utter depravity of their joining and the fantastic sensations raced through them both. They came together. Winston lurched forward to bury his full length into his sister's ass, Jessica grind back against him to hungrily accept every inch. He spurted his seemingly endless supply of cum inside her as she used his cock in her ass together with her fingers in her pussy and on her clit to stretch out her orgasm until she couldn't stand it any longer.
The intensity of their release, the late hour, and the rum had them both fall asleep immediately. Neither of them so much as stirred when, a few minutes later, his softened cock finally slid free of her well-used and no longer virgin ass.
~~~***~~~
Winston woke up first. He fidgeted slightly and realized that they were literally stuck together. The brief but painful tearing sensation he caused peeling his dried, cum-coated cock off his sister's butt cheek woke her up too. She rolled over to face him and cuddled into his neck, kissing it softly.
"Morning handsome."
She was demonstrating none of the horror that Winston almost hoped she would unleash over what had happened. "Jess, we need to talk."
"About what?"
The nonchalant routine again? "About what we did last night."
"I needed you again and you were there for me. You're very dependable, brother dear." Her hand slid down his muscled stomach and bumped against his morning wood. "Feels like you're the one in need now, Tunny."
"Stop it. That's just a morning thing."
"Suit yourself, I'm going to take a shower then, I'm all covered in..."
"I know what you're covered in!"
"Come... join me," she grinned at her own pun, "in the shower. We can have more fun if you want."
"No more fun!"
"Okay, okay. But I'm still going upstairs to shower. If you want to keep yelling, that's fine, you'll just have to follow me."
He did follow her. As they climbed the stairs behind her, he fought not to stare at his kid sister's perfect adolescent ass. He followed her into the bathroom and watched as she carefully removed her bra and turned on the shower and stepped inside, closing the glass door behind her.
What words would make her understand that this was all terribly, terribly wrong? He ended up sounding more like a parent than he intended.
"Sis, this is incredibly irresponsible. On both our parts." He watched as she soaped her body and he continued to rant.
Jessica went about her showering as if nothing was wrong. When his ranting slowed, she calmly replied. "What's irresponsible about it? Nobody got hurt. We both enjoyed ourselves. I have a particularly large patch of evidence that you enjoyed yourself dried on my butt cheek over here."
"Jess, you are my sister for God's sake. Look, that first night, I wanted to help you. Last night, we got drunk. Sis, seriously, it's wrong. Really wrong. We have to stop."
"I don't see it that way. We love each other. We're attracted to each other."
"It's not supposed to be like that..."
She finally paused in her shower routine to look at him directly. The perfect, ivory expanse of her body was covered in soap lather. It ran down her flat, smooth belly, dribbled down her long tapered legs. She was an erotic dream. If only she weren't his sister!
She leveled her surprisingly serious green gaze on him. "Things have changed, Tunny. You've been in me. In fact, two out of three holes now stud." She turned and braced one hand against the shower wall then bent deeply at the waist. "Two days ago, you were here." She ran her forefinger up and down the smooth lips of her pussy. "You were there just a little. But just enough." She shivered. "It was the largest orgasm of my life. Well, until..." She traced her fingers upward and circled the fleshy knot of her sphincter, "…until last night when you were here. All the way in." She slipped the tip of her forefinger into her own ass briefly and pulled it free. "I liked it. A lot. Deny it all you want but you liked it too."
She stood and looked at him through the water beaded glass. The shower was cascading down her shoulders and streaming over her beautiful new breasts. Her eyes were emeralds, bright and fierce and beautiful. "Look at me, Tunny. I love you. I'm in love with you. And I want you. We can't take it back. I wouldn't even if I could. Would you?"
Winston didn't have an answer.
"Are you coming in with me?" she asked softly. The invitation meant more than just this one shower.
It was several seconds before Winston whispered hoarsely, "No."
Jessica's shoulders fell. She sighed sadly and shut off the water. He waited for her to open the shower door then handed her a towel. She quickly pressed her dark hair dry than wrapped her long slender body in its terry cloth.
She stepped out and stood in front of him. "If I misread you, if I am really and truly wrong about this... about us... and I've hurt what we are... I'm sorry." She leaned in and kissed him softly, gently, chastely on the lips.
"No points," he smiled weakly as she pulled away.
"That one was free," she reached up and carefully traced his jaw with her hand. She turned and left him alone in the bathroom. He heard her footsteps come back and her smirking face appeared through the doorframe. "But, Tunny, you really ought to get in the shower and wash yourself off. You stuck that big thing of yours in your little sister's dirty place."
"Jess!" he cringed as she disappeared again. But he was glad for the humor. It felt more normal, this kind of teasing exchange between them. He was smiling to himself as he took her advice and stepped into the shower.
He was rinsing off when his sister peeked in. "I'm headed out on errands. I'm looking forward to actually getting out and about for a little while. Be back in a bit."
The house felt emptier as soon as she was gone. He had one errand of his own but was back before her. He ended up whittling away the hours reading, watching TV, and checking e-mail. He sat at the kitchen table to eat a slice of leftover pizza, brooding as he chewed. As tortured as he felt with Jessica around, he was now miserable without her.
She breezed in through the back door, wearing a short denim skirt and a tight red V-necked t-shirt that put her new cleavage on display. She was carrying a few bags. "Wow, it was nice to get out of the house." She paused and smiled brightly when she saw him. "You look sad, Tunny. Don't be sad."
She plucked one of the bags from the rest and slid it across the kitchen table in front of him. "Here, I picked up a few things."
He peered inside. It held a new vibrator and a pack of condoms. He looked up at his sister and rolled his eyes.
She smiled. "Take me to bed."
"No," it came out with a little less conviction than it should have.
"Come on. Upstairs. I'm not doing it on the couch again." It was like she didn't even hear him.
"Sis..."
"I'll be in your room waiting for you. You go ahead and have your last little internal struggle down here. Then come on upstairs and make love to me. I'll be the half-naked girl on your bed."
She brushed past him and left him to his thoughts. He did struggle. It took nearly five minutes before he followed her.
True to her promise, she was there waiting for him on his bed. She was wearing a matching red satin bra and panty set. She looked like the world's best Christmas present.
"When did you know? That I'd cave, I mean." He asked her meekly.
"The first night. When you started humping against me after I started coming. That wasn't just my selfless big brother. It wasn't for me. It was for you. After that, it was just a matter of time. I was willing to work on you the whole summer, honey."
He nodded.
"Don't beat yourself up. I do win our little struggles now and then. And I put an enormous amount of energy into this one." She slid her crimson panties down her legs, revealing her smooth, bare pussy already beginning to glisten. She slipped out of her bra, freeing the large perfect teardrop breasts that now lazed on her chest. She stretched out nude on his bed and smiled. The sight of her like this made his knees rubbery.
"The good news is that I have a pretty good consolation prize for you, Tunny. Me. Come here."
He shuffled to the bed and his waiting sibling. She helped him off with his t-shirt then unbuckled his jeans and pushed them down with his boxers until she was eye level with his stiffening cock. She looked up at him as she closed the distance and touched her tongue to its tip. She grasped it with one soft hand and took its first few inches into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around it delicately.
She spat him out to give him a wicked look. "You're three for three on holes now. From here on out, we're only going to be arguing about depth."
"No more arguing," he sighed. "Where's that new toy of yours? Let's make sure it works."
"That a boy!" she beamed. She reached into the bag next to her and handed him the vibrator.
He realized now that it was out of whatever package it must have come in and the batteries were already in it. She knew what he was thinking. "It was a long drive home." She shrugged.
She spread her legs lewdly and ran her own hands down her smooth, flat ivory belly as he slid onto the bed and settled himself between her legs. His sister watched hungrily as he kissed the inside of each of her legs and then zeroed in on her smooth little teenage sex.
"Tell me," Winston teased her, his face millimeters from her sex. She could feel his hot breath across her delicate flesh.
She knew what he was after. "I want it."
"What do you want?" In for a penny, in for a pound - Winston was going to play her game.
"I want your mouth... on me," Jess panted.
"Where?"
"Here," she ran a finger between her legs and along her smooth pink lips.
"Dirtier."
She snickered. He was mirroring the prompting she'd given him their first time. "Eat me, Tunny. Lap my little clit. Make me cum. You always make me cum so hard."
He barely and briefly brushed his lips against her pussy. His tongue grazed her clitoris. Her body jerked in reaction.
"Have you pictured this?" he asked.
"Mmmhmmm..." she moaned.
"Dreamt of this?"
"Yeah..." she whined, eager for his touch.
"Lied for this?"
There was a long pause. "Yesss..." she finally hissed, "Now please, Tunny, please…"
With his sister's admission, he began working her clitoris with his tongue. Flicking at her little bud, he brought the vibrator to her opening. She was already dripping wet. He slowly twisted it into her. She was tight. He had to press firmly. At a little past two inches, he felt the vibrator push up against something. Something pliable. Some sort of barrier.
Holy Mary, Mother of...
His head snapped up to look at her in disbelief. She smiled weakly, "That's why I didn't let you all the way inside me before."
"So you want me to?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what to say."
"Say you'll do it. I want it to be you."
"Wow, okay, errr... any particular way you want me to do it? I mean, do you want me to do it now, with this thing?"
"You know I never want to wait. Yes, do it. Just like this."
"Oh boy, I was right, you are a kinky little mess."
"Yep. But now that you brought up kinky, I do have one improvement to what you're doing. Remember when I asked you to inspect my goods last week?"
"Yeah."
"Remember what I asked you if you would lick?" She carefully pulled her knees up towards her chest, it rocked her hips forward and exposed her pale little rosebud. "Do it," she whispered.
"Say what you want," he demanded again.
She didn't need prompting this time. "Lick it for me, Tunny. My ass. Lick me and rim me and fuck me open with my toy. Then fuck me for real. Take me tonight, Tunny. I've waited so long for this. I want your big dick wedged in me before the night is over."
She watched him hold the vibrator pressed gently against her hymen and duck beneath it to lap delicately at the small rose of her backdoor. She groaned and reached a hand down to circle her abandoned clitoris.
"So good," she sighed.
He continued lapping at her tiny, soft ring and began to fuck her with just the end of the vibrator. The combined sensations had her humping up and down instinctively. After a few minutes, he wormed the tip of his tongue into her ass and she started moaning at the new sensation.
At her third moan, he steadily drove the vibrator home through her hymen. Jessica gasped through clenched teeth but continued humping up and down.
"Turn it on," she whimpered.
It took a moment for him to understand what she meant. Then he hastily twisted the vibrator's base and it hummed to life in her. She jerked at the suddenly intense throbbing deep inside her. "Tunny, I'm going to come now... really big... you're still going to fuck me after this right?"
"Mmmhmmm," he confirmed from between her legs, still teasing her rosebud with his tongue.
"Good," she panted. Barely a minute later she peaked, mauling her clitoris and jerking her hips up to swallow the vibrator's length. Her upward motion speared her ass onto her brother's tongue as her body rolled in orgasm.
When her ass came back to rest back on the bed, he slipped the vibrator from her drooling pussy and tossed it to the floor. He crawled up the bed to stretch out next to her. She curled into him, still catching her breath.
"More," she whispered finally, looking up at him through dark hair that had fallen across her eyes. She rolled onto her back again and pulled him on top of her. She took his hard shaft in her hand and pressed it to her battered little hole.
Winston barely remembered the condoms. "Sis, protection first right?"
She nibbled her lip and shook her head. "I lied Tunny. I'm on the pill - been on it for the last year. Be gentle? I'm still a little sore."
He nodded. Together they carefully eased his larger than average cock into her near virgin pussy. She was tight and swollen but slick from her orgasm. She winced as he slid into her, filling her up completely. He felt his tip just brush her cervix. The contact made her shiver. They held motionless like that for several long moments. She willed herself to relax, to accept the oversized cock she'd wanted for so long. He marveled at the beautiful woman beneath him and waited for some sign to continue.
"Tunny, when my chest is healed completely I want you to fuck me from behind. Bent over your desk like I was when you were inspecting my goods. I was fantasizing about that at the time."
He shook his head with a smirk and leaned down to kiss her. When he broke the kiss, she saw him glance down at her chest.
"And I want you to fuck them too. My boobs, I mean. I want to kneel down in front of you and press them together for you to fuck with your big dick. I want your cum on my new tits."
He withdrew from her slowly, experimentally, and she groaned happily. Only half way out, he reversed and thrust back into her. She exhaled forcefully, hazel eyes wide and wild looking up at him. "So good," she groaned under him.
They fucked carefully, never building past a steady rhythm. On his downward thrusts, she rose up to meet him, grinding his full length into her. She found she liked the contact when he bottomed out inside her. When he retreated, she experimented - squeezing down with her muscles. He felt her tighten down onto him and smiled, moaning out a happy "very nice." His compliment made her glow even more.
They continued like this for several minutes until Winston leaned back to sit upright on his heels, still buried in her. "Feel like coming for me?" he asked.
"Always," she purred, and reached up to toy with her own nipples.
He brought his hands down to their juncture and centered both of his thumbs on her clitoris. He began to brush her little bud upwards with each thumb, essentially twiddling his thumbs backwards in an unending circular motion he suspected she might like.
He was, of course, right. How long do you have to love someone - how well do you have to know them - before you sense with near-certainty how to please them best without them asking? Without them even knowing how to ask or what to ask? Five years? Ten? Fifteen? How about your entire life? Winston brought this to bear now.
Jessica's breath caught in her chest at this last touch. Her brother's thick cock, the one she'd fantasized about for far too long was wedged - no, crammed - inside her. It stretched her more perfectly than she imagined because she couldn't imagine it until now.
She looked up Winston, her sweet Tunny, and her head replayed memories from their joint childhood. Thousands of shared secrets and little intimacies. Years of love, of laughter, of trust. When her brother touched her in this last, perfect way, everything rushed together. She felt something huge shift deep inside her - something so large she didn't think it was possible.
"Tunnnnnnnyyyyyy...." she keened, almost alarmed at the intensity of what was coming. "I can't..." she sobbed, actually choking a little.
"It's okay, sis, don't fight it..." He watched the muscles in her abdomen clench, release, and re-clench violently - the faint image of a six-pack appearing and disappearing beneath her pale taut belly. Her new, large breasts rocked with the clenching.
She jerked as the spasms radiated from her torso into her long slender legs and arms. "Alm-m-most ...too... too... b-b-biggg," she stuttered and wailed, arms and legs suddenly twitching, eyelids fluttering madly. She felt the undertow of her impending orgasm dragging at her, sucking at her insides. The sheer magnitude of the looming climax blotted out all thought.
"I love you, Jess," he whispered, "and I always have."
Her wave crashed, rolling her under.
"Wuu ahahahahaha," she shrieked, her slender chest heaving off the bed as her vision went white. Her smooth ivory hips jerked upwards at the same time, mashing into him, grinding up onto his cock until it crushed against her where it bottomed out. Her body remained arched like this for several seconds, her jaw clenched tight, panting through her nose loudly. Her body shuddered The rippling walls of her seizing sex dragged him along towards his orgasm. When she collapsed back to the bed, still peaking, he thrust into her twice and jerked his cock from her to fist it viciously. He grunted as he erupted mightily, jetting cum up across her belly, then onto her breasts, then up to her neck, then into the dark hair splayed across the pillow beneath her head.
He fell forward next to her on the bed where they both lay gasping for several minutes.
"You got your stuff in my hair," she finally laughed, giddy in the aftermath of the lovemaking she'd wanted for so long.
"Complain too much and I'll aim for your face next time," he threatened, reaching an arm around her and pulling her in to his chest.
"That might not be so bad," she replied cheekily. They rested a few more minutes until, lifting her head, she kissed him. She recoiled in mock horror. "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go brush your teeth. All I can taste right now is my ass."
He chuckled. "You weren't complaining earlier."
They clambered out of bed and into the bathroom. He brushed his teeth while she relieved a post-coital tinkle.
When she was done, he paused his brushing. "Jess, you said you put an enormous amount of energy into this..." He raised an eyebrow.
His sister sighed. "I got you drunk on purpose last night, Tunny. The drinks I fixed... mine were just Coke. You got a double dose of rum."
He nodded, not entirely surprised.
"And you know that I actually lubed my own butt with coconut lotion just in case I could convince you to take me that way. But... I also broke my vibrator on purpose and left it out for you to find the night before. And it was my idea to show you my breasts and have you touch them before the surgery."
Winston closed his eyes and shook his head as he processed what she'd said.
"How long, Jess?" He finished brushing and rinsed his mouth while waiting for her to answer.
When he looked at her in the mirror, her eyebrows were knitted together with worry.
"How long have you been feeling this way? Working on this? Working on me?!" he said more sternly.
She winced. "I planned this whole thing. I scheduled the breast implant surgery for now so you would be home from school. So we would be alone and you would have to take care of me."
"Yeah but Mom and Dad would have been..."
"I orchestrated Dad's trip to Africa. I just had to plant a couple of seeds in his head about the British colonial period, the summer being the perfect time, their 20th wedding anniversary, yada yada."
Jess was talking in a rush now, trying to blurt it all out and get it over with.
"It started before you left for college, I saw you with your girlfriend in the backyard one night. I watched her blow you. You both looked so happy. For only a moment, I was horrified like I should have been. Then, I don't know, something else happened? I got really turned on. Then I got jealous. Seeing you like that made me realize how I felt about you. That you were more than just a big brother to me. So I started talking nasty to you. I needed to wear away at your image of me as your innocent little sister. The gay accusation stuff was a ploy too. I wanted to goad you a little - make you want to prove to me you weren't gay. I also did it to throw Mom and Dad off."
Winston finally found words. "They don't think I'm gay."
"No, but they think that I think that you're gay. And that's almost as good."
Again he felt the magnitude of his sister's effort. "Wow, okay, that's so scheme-y that it's a little scary.
She looked up at him through her mussed dark hair. "Look, I wish I could say I feel bad about all this but the truth is that I don't. Well, except... Tunny, I'm not on the pill. That was a silly last minute fib. I just really wanted you, without a dumb condom in the way. I'll go on the pill, I swear."
Winston allowed himself a little satisfied smile. "I can at least contribute on that part. I'm reluctant but I'm not dumb." He opened the medicine chest next to him and pulled out a vial. He shook a pill out onto his hand and handed it to his sister. "Morning after pill. I picked a few up at the store this morning."
She stared at the tablet a long moment. He could feel her weighing the decision.
"Kids someday Jess, just not yet. We're young. We have plenty of time to work that out. Together. No scheming, okay?"
He could tell that it wasn't what he'd said that made her put the pill in her mouth and swallow it. It was the way he'd said it. Casually. Comfortably. They were going to be together for the rest of their lives.
She knew that as soon as he said it, she could count on him. He was, is, and would always be, dependable. He was her rock. Her immoveable object - well, nearly immoveable object. That last thought made her smile to herself.
She filled a cup with tap water and took a gulp to wash down the pill. When the cup came away from her lips, he was waiting. She hadn't seen it coming because she couldn't see around the cup and she didn't think he really liked their old game anymore.
She was wrong.
He stole his kiss quickly, his lip curling up just a little smugly at one end like it did when they were kids.
"One up," he grinned.
Jessica eyed her brother carefully. Stealing a smooch in broad daylight, standing right in front of her, in a bathroom with a huge mirror in it was pretty slick. It had required a perfect sense of timing, a subtle shift in his posture to make her turn towards him and away from the mirror without her realizing it, and a keen awareness of her line of sight.
Maybe he wasn't so rusty after all. No, perhaps not quite as rusty as she'd thought.
***
How does the irresistible force move the immoveable object? Deception. It convinces the immoveable object that it isn't moving while it does. The irresistible force lies. Just a little. Just enough.
***
Post-Script: I picture incest as the sexual equivalent of getting into one of those ridiculous knife fights where the combatants are tied together at the wrist from the beginning. It instantly feels close and you get the sense that, absent a miracle, someone is going to be very badly hurt.
With that in mind, I tried to heap a few more intimacies onto the story's situation - bind the siblings tighter together - so they play a childhood game and on top of that Winston periodically recalls their shared youth. It's partly an excuse for the dumb tangents I enjoy dreaming up too.
Some people might like it. Others might not.
Vive le difference!
