Jamie was exhausted as the cheerleading coach dismissed them from practice for the day. Since transferring to City High a month ago, her life had certainly changed. She had found herself making friends easily and had won a position on the cheerleading squad after her first tryout. As she made her way to the locker room with the rest of the girls, she wryly thought about how hard she had thought it was going to be to leave the school and friends she had known all her life to begin anew. It sure had been a lot easier than she had imagined. Even her twin brother, James, had found it easy to fit in to the new school and routine. Even as she started to undress to take a shower, James was out at football practice competing for the quarterback position.
As she undressed, Jamie looked around the locker room at her fellow cheerleaders. This was supposedly the cream of the crop, the best looking, most athletic girls in the school. They sure were a diverse bunch, she thought. There was Sheri, a tall, dark-haired girl with big, upright breasts, dark nipples that always seemed to be hard whenever Jamie had seen them, slender waist with her hips flaring to her legs which tapered down, long and slim, a dark thatch of hair filling the juncture of her thighs. Always with Sheri were Janice and Heather, Janice with blonde hair, not quite as tall and big as Sheri, but her pale breasts ended in large, cream-colored nipples and her hips narrow. Heather was a redhead, just like herself, but unlike herself, Heather's hair was cropped short, almost like a boy's haircut, causing her totally freckled body to really stand out. She had nice, firm breasts with pale, cherry nipples at the end. Her fiery red bush was not very dense, allowing you to get a peek of pale skin underneath.
Jamie self-consciously examined her own body in the mirror. Her breasts were nice and firm, very upright with big, dark-cherry nipples on the end. Her waist was very slim, showing a nice flat belly with her thick bush of red hair sticking out below. Her long, thick red hair hung down past her shoulders. She couldn't see anything to complain of as she joined the others in the shower.
Sheri and Janice and Heather were laughing together as they soaped up and began to work a lather up. Jamie began to shower at the shower next to them, listening to their conversation. Sheri was talking about her date the night before with John, the other boy trying to become the quarterback on the football team. Sheri was talking about how it hadn't taken him any time at all on their date to begin trying to kiss her and feel her up. She laughed as she described how desperate he had seemed as she thwarted his attempts to feel her up. She related how, as the evening passed, she had relented somewhat and began to make out with him, kissing him and sucking tongues together. She commented that he was really a good kisser with a really long tongue. Janice and Heather laughed as she said this. Sheri commented that she was going to go out with him on Friday and that she planned on letting him go a little further this time, maybe even letting him play with her breasts a little bit.
As she said this, Sheri reached up and gave both of her soapy breasts a good squeeze and massage, pinching her nipples for good measure. Janice and Heather laughed and Heather reached over and pinched one of Sheri's nipples, causing her to squeal as she tried to pinch her back. Laughing, they all finished showering and got dressed.
As they dressed and began to leave the locker room, Jamie moved over next to Sheri to ask her a question.
"Sheri," she asked, "how do you control guys so that they don't go too far?"
"Oh, that's easy," she replied. "You just make sure that they think there's a chance that they might succeed and they'll go along with anything."
"But what happens when things start to get too far along?"
"Well, either you like them and go along or you don't like them and you fight like crazy," Sheri laughed.
"Yeah," Heather commented, "when was the last one you fought like crazy because you didn't like him?"
"Well," Sheri answered, "at least I know before I go out with them if I'm going to like them. Not like you, finding out when it's too late to do anything about it."
"You mean you've let some of them do what they want?" Jamie inquired.
"Of course I have," Sheri responded. "If I didn't, they'd all know that I was just a tease and nobody would want to go out with me."
"Hah," Heather said, "you do it because you love it and you know it."
"Well, so what?" Sheri retorted, "At least I get it from people I choose, not just whoever chooses me."
"I like the guys I go with," Heather replied. "What about you, Jamie, ever been with a guy?"
"No, not like that I haven't. I mean, I've made out with some of the boys I've gone out with, I've just never gone any further."
"Well, neither have I," Janice chimed in. "I'm sure I will when I'm ready, I just wasn't born always horny like these two," she said laughing.
"I wasn't born horny, I just ended up that way," Sheri laughed. "I'll bet that before the school year is out, both of you end up losing your cherries. Face it, you're cheerleaders now. Every guy in school wants to be with a cheerleader. You'll have your pick of them, after I do, of course, then you'll end up doing it with someone."
"I don't know," Jamie said. "I always thought it'd be with someone special the first time."
"Who's to say it won't be," Heather replied. "It can be really nice. Believe me, I know. It doesn't have to be tawdry at all."
"There's nothing tawdry about me," Sheri declared, "I just like boys. I'll tell you what," Sheri said with a sly grin, "Friday night I'll let you guys hide in my house and you can watch me making out with John. My parents are away for the weekend, so they won't be there. What do you say? You can hide in the study and I'll get him to make out with me in the living room."
"I'll be there, you can bet on it," Heather said, laughing. "How about you two, you going to join me?"
"Sure," Janice said. "I think it'll be funny that John won't know we're watching him. You gonna come, Jamie?"
"I guess so," she replied. "It seems sort of weird though, peeping on people making out."
"Oh, I don't mind," Sheri said. "Maybe you'll get some pointers."
With that they all went their separate ways as they walked home. As Jamie lived in the opposite direction from the other three, she walked home by herself, reflecting on her new friends. They were always nice to her, but she still felt a little like an outsider. Face it, she was.
I've only been here a month, Jamie reminded herself. They've known each other for years.
As she continued on her way, Jamie thought about how happy her parents had been to move to Friend, Nebraska. She couldn't believe it when they had told her and James that they were moving from Portland, Oregon, to Nebraska. It had seemed like a move in the wrong direction. Now it seemed as though she could hardly remember Oregon anymore. Nebraska was really nice, open and no rain all the time. The people were a lot more open than they had been back in Oregon and it wasn't as square as she had been led to believe.
Just as she got to the street she lived on, Jamie heard her name shouted from behind. Turning around, she saw it was James, running to catch up to her. She really loved James. He was so good-looking and nice. Everyone seemed to like him. He was tall, athletic, always did great at everything he tried. As he caught up to her, he grabbed her in a big hug and swung her around.
"I'm going to be the starting quarterback," he announced gleefully. "They told us today."
"Oh, James, I'm so happy for you," Jamie said, hugging him fiercely. "Now I'll really have a reason to cheer."
"How's cheerleading going?" he inquired. "Is it as much fun as you hoped it would be?"
"Well, it's a lot more work than I thought, but I like the girls and it's a good workout. In fact, I'm going out with some of them Friday night," she said, deciding that it was going to be fun watching Sheri in action.
"What about you, any dates in mind yet?" she asked James.
"We'll see," he smiled. "I want to see what being quarterback brings my way. You found anyone yet?" he teased, knowing how shy she was.
"I'm not in any hurry," Jamie said. "Besides, no one's really paid any special attention to me yet."
"They will, especially when they see you out there jumping around in your cheerleading outfit."
Then they went into the house where their mother, June, was beginning to fix dinner. As they began to help with the dinner, they told her of their day in school, John being especially proud of having earned the starting quarterback position on the football team.
"Your father will be real proud of you," she said. "He called and said he'd be a little late tonight, so we'll eat before he gets home."
As they sat down to eat, June's mind wandered to her husband, Art. Art's new job had come as a big surprise to them. A guy they had met at a building convention, Larry Hughes, had offered Art a substantial raise and the possibility of a partnership to move from Oregon to Nebraska. It was an offer they couldn't refuse. The cost of living in Nebraska was lower than Oregon, and with more money. They just couldn't have done so well in Oregon. And the kids seemed to be really happy, too. That had been a big worry, but they had seemed to fit right in with no problems at school. Now James was on the football team and Jamie was cheerleading. They had always been together and done everything together, right from the womb.
Meanwhile, Art was at his office working to finish a project that needed to be presented the next day. As he worked, he thought, for the 10,000th time, how lucky he had been to meet Larry at that convention. Even if it had been in a topless bar after a particularly long seminar, they had seemed to hit it off right away. Then Larry had offered him the job over dinner one night with their wives. He was shocked, and after discussing it with June that night, they had accepted the next day. Within two weeks, they had sold their house and moved to Nebraska. He had been busy ever since. The work was everything Larry had said, with seemingly endless possibilities.
As he finished up his work and gathered his briefcase to leave, Art saw a light on in Larry's office. Since Larry frequently worked late, this was not unusual, so Art pushed the door open to say goodnight. As he looked in the office, Art saw Larry sitting on the edge of his desk facing the door, his pants down around his ankles, his secretary sucking his cock on her hands and knees. Because the door had been partially open, he had made no noise when he entered. Larry looked up and saw him and looked startled. Then he smiled and put his finger to his lips to warn him to be quiet. The secretary hadn't noticed that he was standing there watching her suck his cock.
As he stood there watching, he noticed that Larry's secretary was really getting into sucking on his cock. She would bob up and down on it, massaging his balls as she noisily sucked on his dick. Larry held her hair in one hand as he pumped her mouth up and down on his dick, pushing it into the back of her throat before letting it slide out to her lips where she teased the head and sucked at the slit at the end before swallowing it again into her mouth. Then as Larry started to cum, he held her face against him, pumping his jism deep into her mouth and filling it as she choked trying to swallow it all. Art backed quietly out of the office as she was sucking the last of his cum from his cock.
As he drove home, Art couldn't believe what he had seen. Larry's wife, Mary, was beautiful, a real knockout, brunette with big breasts and a wide, sensual mouth that looked so inviting. But, he had to admit, Larry's secretary Dawn really sucked cock well. Maybe he'd get June to go down on him tonight. It had been a while.
As he arrived at the house and went inside, June greeted him with a big kiss, while Jamie gave him a hug. She was really growing up, he noticed. Soon enough the boys at school were going to be trying to get her to suck their cocks, he mused. But she's a really good girl. He trusted her common sense.
After eating his supper and watching TV for a while, Art said good night to James and Jamie and went into his bedroom with June. Pushing the door shut, he grabbed her and kissed her with conviction, causing her to rise to her toes and push her body against his. Probing with his tongue in her mouth, Art began to massage her breasts, feeling the nipples harden under his hands. Pulling her shirt off, he released her breasts to his unimpeded access, her pert nipples sticking up, begging for attention. Falling to his knees, he began to suck on her breasts, worrying her nipples with his teeth and lips, sucking as much of her full breasts into his mouth as he could, massaging them with his hands.
As June stood there holding his head against her breasts, she felt herself responding to his sucking. Reaching behind her, she undid her skirt and let it slide to the floor, leaving her in her panties. Art reached between her legs and cupped her sex, gently massaging her entire pussy through her panties. Then he tugged her panties down, enabling her to step from them, leaving her as naked as a jay in front of him, her soft, downy-blonde hair barely covering her pussy.
He pushed her back onto the bed, pushing her knees up and aside as he exposed her pussy to his view. He could see her pussy lips pouting open, moisture pooling at the entrance to her hole, her clit straining to get out from between her pussy lips. He lowered his face to her pussy and ran his tongue the entire length of it, slurping her juices as he fastened his lips upon her clit, sucking it into his mouth. June began to squirm on the bed as his tongue got her juices flowing. As he buried his tongue up in her hole, she clamped his head against her pussy, pressing it into her as she ground her hips into his face. Then she felt her orgasm hit her as wave after wave of delight washed over her body, her juices bathing Art's tongue as he lapped her up. When he finished licking her, he crawled up on top of her and kissed her, swirling his tongue around in her mouth, letting her taste herself on him.
She kissed him back fervently, then rolled him over and began undressing him. She pulled his briefs down, freeing his already hardened cock. Grasping his cock in her hands, June began to probe the slit at the end, pushing her tongue into it before she began to lick and suck the head of his cock, teasing it with her tongue. Then she licked the entire length of his cock, stopping to carefully lick and lightly suckle on his balls, then returned to the head of his cock, letting it slide into her mouth, her tongue bathing it as she sucked it into the back of her throat.
As June began to suck on his cock, Art couldn't help thinking about seeing Larry sucked off by Dawn. As he remembered, he felt his own cock responding to his memory of the event and also by June's enthusiastic ministrations. As she continued to suck his cock into her throat, Art felt his balls begin to churn, warning him of his impending orgasm. As he began to pump his load into her mouth, June greedily slurped his cum up, swallowing it all as fast as it filled her mouth. When he finished cumming, she continued to lick and suck on his cock, slowly urging it into a state of readiness again. Then she quickly jumped up on top of him, positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy, lowering herself onto him.
As she felt his cock fill her, June was filled with a sense of joy. God, life was so nice, she thought. I hope everyone's as happy as I am here. As she continued to ride Art's cock, June could feel it sliding in and out of her slippery pussy as she bounced up and down on it. Then Art rolled her over, not letting his cock slide from her pussy as he rolled her onto her back, hooking her knees over his shoulders as he began to stroke her. With her knees over his shoulders, Art had an unimpeded view of June's pussy as his cock slid in and out of it, her pussy lips wrapped around his cock each time he drew back, only to plunge once more into her pussy, where the velvet pussy muscles gently massaged his cock. As he felt himself moving to orgasm again, Art reached down and began to massage June's clit as he pumped her, driving her to orgasm even as his own began to shake him. With a strangled cry, Art pumped his second load of cum into June, this time between her other lips. When they finished cumming, they both collapsed on the bed, spent.
The next day as James and Jamie walked to school, they ran into Sheri, Heather, and Janice on the way. As they all walked together, it was obvious that the three girls were finding James to be quite attractive, especially when they heard he had made starting quarterback. Jamie watched with amusement as Sheri and Heather shamelessly flirted with James, giving her quick smiles all the while.
Once they arrived at school and James went to his class, Sheri looked at Jamie.
"How come you never told us your brother was so cute?" she demanded.
"You never asked," Jamie replied. "Besides, he's my brother. I know he's good-looking, but I never thought of it like that."
"Well, I'm going to get him to go out with me," Sheri declared. "I'm going to make it a goal of mine."
"No, you're not," Heather said, "I am. I think he'd be fun to snuggle up with."
"All right," Janice said, "a competition. How are we going to know who wins?"
"Wins what?" Sheri asked. "Who he goes out with first?"
"Sure, why not?" Janice said. "Are you afraid that Heather will get him first?"
"I'll bet that not only does he go out with me first, but that I can get him in my bed, too," Sheri declared.
"I don't think that James is like that," Jamie said.
"You're just saying that because he's your brother," Heather said. "All boys are like that. You won't be mad, will you?"
"Of course not. I mean, if he wants to go out with you or even get in your bed with you, that's his business. I just think he's not the kind of guy you think."
"Well, we'll see," Sheri said. "Tonight you'll see what kind of moves I can put on a guy if I want to, then you can tell me he's not like that. I'll even make it better. I'll make sure you get to watch when it happens. What about you Heather, you willing to do that?"
"I don't know if I'm ready to have you three watching me from some corner while I'm with a guy," Heather replied.
"Well, I'm not ashamed of it," Sheri said. "You'll see."
"What about tonight," Janice asked, "how are we going to do that?"
"Well, I'll make sure we're back at my parents' house at 10:00 o'clock. You guys get there earlier and hide in the study. You can see through the doorway if you leave the lights in the study off and keep quiet. I'll keep him in the living room."
With that, they agreed to meet that evening at Sheri's house and to wait there for her to return with John. All day long, Jamie thought about what Sheri had said. What if James was interested in going out with her? Her body sure was nice and she was sure James would think so, too. But would he let her get him in bed? We'll see, she thought.
That afternoon at cheerleading practice, Jamie watched Sheri and Heather, trying to see what it was that made them so different from the other girls. The other girls were just as pretty, had bodies that were just as nice, it was just something different about Sheri, and Heather probably did it just to show Sheri she was as good as her. In the showers afterwards, Sheri talked about nothing but how she was going to snare John that night. As she talked, she would squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples. Then one time she furiously rubbed herself between the legs before rinsing off and getting dressed.
When Jamie met Heather and Janice that night at Sheri's house, Heather let them in the back door and they found their way into the study where they hunkered down to wait. After a short wait, they heard Sheri and John coming in the door. Being careful not to make any noise, they carefully peeked out the study door into the living room, which they were able to easily see all of. As John sat on the couch, Sheri pulled a beer out of the wet bar and opened it, taking a big swallow before handing it to John. John grinned as he drank the beer, almost spilling it as Sheri sat on his lap and snuggled up to him.
Sheri leaned up against him and flicked her tongue out against his ear, tickling him. Then John turned to her and kissed her, softly at first, then with increasing intensity. As they continued sucking each other's tongues, Jamie, Janice, and Heather were laying on the floor, watching them from the study. Then they saw John's hand slowly sneaking up from her waist to cup one of her breasts. Sheri leaned into his hand, grinding her breast into his palm as he tentatively squeezed it in his hand. When she continued grinding her breast against his hand, he became bolder, massaging and squeezing her breast, finding the nipple sticking out against her shirt and rolling it between his fingers. Then he began to play with the other breast, carefully playing with her nipple and massaging it. After a few minutes of this, all the while continuing their kissing, John began to undo the buttons on Sheri's shirt. Sheri feigned surprise and halfheartedly attempted to stop him, then appeared to give in and actually unbuttoned the last two buttons herself, pulling her shirt out from her skirt.
With her shirt out of the way, Sheri's dark nipples could be seen through the material of her bra. Cupping her breasts in his hands, John continued massaging them and playing with the nipples. Then he let his hand slide under one side of the bra to cup her bare breast in his hand, her hard, hot nipple scorching his hand as she pressed against him. Reaching behind herself, Sheri released the catch on her bra strap, allowing it to fall forward, releasing her breasts to his eyes as well as his hands.
As her bra came off, John leaned over and took one of her nipples in his mouth, gently sucking it in and rolling it around between his teeth. Sheri gasped as she held his head against her. As he continued to suck on her breasts, Sheri fell backwards onto the couch, allowing John to fall between her legs as he continued to suck her breasts. After a while, John reached down with one hand and pushed it up under her skirt to rub her pussy through her panties. Sheri moaned but then pushed his hand away. John returned his attention to her breasts, but then, after a few minutes, reintroduced his hand up her skirt and began to rub her pussy again through her panties.
This time Sheri didn't push his hand away. As he continued to rub her pussy, the smell of her excitement began to fill the air, a heavy, musky scent, strangely intoxicating. With one leg splayed open off the couch onto the floor, Jamie, Janice, and Heather could see the wet spot growing where they could see John's fingers massaging and probing at her pussy. Then they saw him push a finger under the elastic of Sheri's panties into her pussy. Sheri began to push even harder against his hand as it probed her pussy, pushing a finger up into her pussy and then teasing the clit he found sticking out.
Suddenly Sheri pushed him off of her, sitting up, her breasts swinging and her face flushed. Pushing him onto his back, glancing in the direction of the study, she unzipped his pants and fished his cock out of his pants. Jamie almost gasped out loud. The only time she had seen a cock had been when she'd see James going to the shower or into his room from the shower, and then it had never been hard and erect like John's was now.
As Sheri grasped John's cock in her hands, John groaned and lay back, his eyes closed. Sheri began to squeeze and massage John's cock, causing a drop of pre-cum to glisten at the tip of his cock. Rubbing the drop of pre-cum all over the head of his cock with her hand, Sheri began to pump his cock with her hands, stroking it up and down as she pumped on it. At the same time, John reached up and began to massage Sheri's ass, which was pointed in his direction at his side. As Sheri increased the tempo of her pumping, John pushed his hand into her panties and began to rub her pussy, pushing his fingers into her. Then John suddenly groaned out loud as his cock started pumping cum into the air, shooting wildly all over the place as Sheri continued to pump his dick, squeezing all of the cum out of it. When he finished spurting his load all over himself, Sheri leaned over and licked the last drop of cum from the end of his cock before letting it go.
John groaned and sat up, his spent cock limp in his lap, cum spattered all over himself. Sheri grinned at him as he stared at her, not believing what had just happened. Then Sheri lay back on the couch and spread her legs, saying, "Now it's your turn to make me cum," she said, "but you have to do it with your hands just like I did."
With that, John pushed her skirt up as he pushed her legs open, one leg dangling off the couch, giving the girls a good view of her soaked panties. As John began to rub her pussy through her panties, Sheri looked over to where they were watching and smiled and winked at them. As John continued to rub her pussy, Sheri closed her eyes and lay her head back, enjoying it. Then John pulled her panties aside and slid his fingers into her pussy, pushing them all the way in. The sounds of John's fingers squishing in Sheri's pussy filled the room, along with the aroma of her sex heating up. The girls could see John's fingers disappearing into Sheri's pussy as John swirled them around in her, then they could see him grasping her clit between his fingers and squeeze it, causing Sheri to gasp out loud. As he continued to massage her clit and probe her hole with his fingers, Sheri began to writhe on the couch, pushing her pussy into John's hand as he played with her. Then without warning, Sheri began to vibrate as her orgasm took her, her juices flooding from her pussy onto John's hand. As she stopped quaking as her orgasm subsided, John leaned forward and licked her pussy from bottom to top, licking the juices from her pussy lips, then sitting up.
Sheri smiled at him and reached down and rubbed herself, feeling her juices continue to seep from her pussy. Sitting up, she reached over and rubbed her juices from her hand onto John's now aroused cock, causing it to twitch in excitement. Leaning over, she took the head of his cock between her lips and gently sucked, tasting his cum and swirling her tongue around the head of his cock. As John groaned in delight, Sheri suddenly stopped and sat up.
"Oh, my God, look what time it is," she said, looking at her watch. "My parents will be home any minute. You'd better go before they get here."
John looked at her in surprise, his cock standing straight up in front of him. But as she hurried him, he stuffed his cock back into his pants and arranged his clothes. As Sheri walked him to the door, her breasts swinging, she kissed him passionately, letting her tongue run into his mouth before saying goodnight and thanking him for a wonderful time. As John asked her if she'd like to go out again, Sheri said they'd talk about it later. Then she shut the door behind him as he left and ran back to the couch, laughing as she jumped on it and Jamie, Janice, and Heather came out of the study.
They were all still panting from the excitement of what they had just seen, the smell of Sheri's pussy still in the air and the sight of John's hard cock still imprinted in their minds.
"Well, what did you think of that?" Sheri asked triumphantly.
"Outrageous," Heather said. "I can't believe you got him so excited and then just kicked him out with his cock standing up in the air."
"Now he'll know there's something to come back for," Sheri said smugly. "If he'd gotten all he'd wanted tonight, I'd lose control of the situation. That's the secret, maintain control."
"His cock sure was big," Janice said. "What did it taste like when you licked it?"
"Oh, you know, it's nice. Sort of salty and tangy."
"He had his fingers pushed right up inside of you, didn't he?" Janice asked.
"Sure did," Sheri said. "It felt nice. Haven't you ever pushed your own fingers into yourself just to see what it feels like?"
"Just a little," Janice blushed, "never that far."
"What did it feel like when he licked you?" Jamie asked shyly.
"That's the best of all," Sheri said with a sigh. "I could have that done all day long and never get tired of it. It feels so good," she said as she rubbed her pussy. "God, my panties are soaked," she said, pulling them off. "See," as she offered her panties to them to inspect.
Heather took Sheri's panties from her and squeezed them, feeling how moist they were. Then she held them out in front of Janice and Jamie, telling them to feel, to have a smell. Janice tentatively poked at them with her finger, feeling the stickiness from Sheri's cum. Jamie just stood there.
"So, you still think your brother's going to resist me?" Sheri asked Jamie. "He'll be just that easy. They all are. But I promise you, I'll make sure you get to watch, just like tonight. In fact, I bet I can get him to go out with me tomorrow night. What do you say?"
"We'll be here to witness, won't we," Heather agreed. "But if you don't have any luck, I'm going to try, okay? Even if you do have some luck, maybe I'll try anyway, see which one of us he likes the most."
"You don't have a chance," Sheri said. "It's not that you're not pretty or anything, it's just that I have a way with boys."
"Anyone can have a way with boys if they're willing to be that easy," Heather retorted. "We'll see what happens when he has a choice."
"That's fine with me," Sheri said.
"Well, I've got to go home," Jamie said. "I told my parents I'd be in by midnight. I'll see you guys tomorrow."
"Goodnight, Jamie," Janice said.
"Night, Jamie."
When Jamie got home, she was in a turmoil. It had been very exciting watching Sheri and John on the couch. She wondered if all guys had cocks like John or if they were different. She wondered what James was going to do if Sheri decided that she was going to get him. It would be hard to resist, she admitted. She decided to talk to James before she went to bed, so she quietly opened the door to his room in case he was already asleep, not wanting to wake him. But when she eased into his room, he wasn't in his bed. Knowing how late it was, she was surprised, because James always made it home by curfew.
As she turned to leave the room, she noticed a little movement from James' closet and a little shaft of light. Tiptoeing over to the closet, Jamie peeked in and saw James bending over in the closet, his face pressed against the back wall. Looking closer, adjusting to the light, she saw that he was naked, with his hard cock in his hand, massaging it. Without thinking, Jamie gasped and James spun around, his cock still in his hand. Trying to cover himself, rather unsuccessfully, he stammered, asking Jamie what she was doing in his room at this time of night.
"I wanted to talk to you," she said. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to spy or sneak up on you," she said, embarrassed, trying not to look at James' cock sticking out from between his legs. It was much larger than John's had seemed earlier. Maybe it was because she was so much closer. Glancing away from his cock to the back of the closet, Jamie saw a shaft of light coming from the wall. Looking curiously at it, she asked James what it was.
"Oh, nothing," he replied lamely, still trying to cover his cock with his hands.
"But where's the light coming from?" Jamie persisted.
"It's nothing," he said. "Don't worry about it."
But Jamie quickly stepped into the closet and bent over, looking into the hole the light was coming from. As she looked into the hole, she realized that she was looking into her parents' closet, which was open, giving her a view into their bedroom. As she looked, she realized that her parents were on the bed with no clothes on. Standing up, she turned to James with a look of astonishment on her face.
"That's mom and dad's room," she said. "You can see right into the room."
"You shouldn't look in there," James said.
"And you should?" Jamie retorted, bending over and again looking into the hole.
As she looked into the hole, she could see her father's feet sticking off the end of the bed pointing towards her, her mother astride her father, riding up and down on his cock. Gasping, she watched as her mother continued to ride up and down on her father's cock, which was glistening from the juices running from her mother's pussy. Jamie hadn't seen her parents naked since she was a little girl, and seeing her father's cock plunging into and out of her mother's pussy was just unbelievable.
Standing up, she turned and looked at James, whose cock had subsided somewhat.
"I can't believe this," she said. "How did you find this hole?"
"I just noticed it there after we moved in. I don't think they know about it," he added with a smile. "Imagine how they'd react if they knew."
"Yeah, just imagine," Jamie said, returning to look into the hole. "I can't believe we're doing this," she said, standing up and motioning that he could look into the hole again.
James looked embarrassed as he stood with his hands in front of his cock, trying to hide his slowly relaxing cock. After a minute's hesitation, he moved to the hole, gluing his eye to it. As he did so, Jamie kneeled down next to him and told him to tell her what was going on.
"Come on, describe it," she insisted.
"Well, mom's getting off of dad and she's turning around. She's starting to lick him and suck on him," James said in a whisper.
He couldn't believe he was bent over naked in the closet with his twin sister, looking at his parents have sex through a hole in the closet. As he watched his mother begin to suck on his father's cock, James' cock began to get hard again, just thinking of his sister standing next to him.
As Jamie knelt next to James, she saw his cock begin to harden again as he watched their parents through the hole. Reaching out, she lightly stroked his cock, causing him to jump.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" he asked in astonishment.
"I won't hurt you," she said. "This is all crazy and new to me. Do you mind if I touch it?"
"Well, yes -- no, I guess it's all right to touch it. But why do you want to?"
"I don't know. I've never seen anyone's like this. You're my brother, I can trust you not to hurt me or anything."
Turning back to the hole, James saw his mother letting his father's cock slide all the way into her mouth, almost completely disappearing as it slid to the back of her throat. As she was letting it slide back out of her mouth, he felt Jamie stroke his cock again, very softly. With a groan he just watched his mother sucking his father while Jamie continued to softly stroke his cock, sometimes straying to his balls.
"What's happening now?" Jamie asked as she continued to stroke his cock.
"Mom's still sucking on dad," he replied as she slid her hand around his cock, lightly squeezing it. "Now she's sliding her leg across his chest and putting her pussy into his face. Now he's licking on her while she's sucking him."
"Let me see," Jamie said, pushing him aside as she put her eye to the hole, never relinquishing her grip on his cock.
As she looked into the hole, Jamie saw her mother sucking her father's cock while he was licking her pussy. Squeezing James' cock harder, she began to lightly pump it while she watched her parents. James groaned as she continued to play with him. None of his girlfriends had ever done this and here was his sister playing with his cock while watching their parents suck each other. Then Jamie stood up and allowed James access to the hole once again.
As he put his eye to the hole, Jamie wrapped her arms around him from behind, grasping his cock with both hands as she began to massage him. As she began to massage him more vigorously, James reached back behind himself and let his hand slide up her thigh to push against her panty-covered pussy, which was beginning to get a little damp. As he continued to watch their parents suck each other, Jamie kept up her massage of his cock while he rubbed her pussy through her panties.
After a few minutes, he pushed his hand down into her panties, through her bush, and ran his finger up and down her slit, causing her to sigh as she sagged against him. He continued to run his finger up and down her slit, sometimes pushing it into the slit and running it up and down her pussy, feeling the moisture beginning to form. Jamie sighed with pleasure as James continued to run his finger up and down her pussy, sometimes pushing it a little way into her hole, then rubbing her little clit.
Suddenly Jamie released her grip on James' cock and backed away from him. Standing up in surprise, James moved aside as Jamie bent to the hole. As she put her eye to the hole, she reached and grasped his cock again, squeezing it. A drop of pre-cum formed on the end and without looking, Jamie smeared it all over the head of his cock, causing him to groan with pleasure.
Sitting on the ground next to her, James reached up her skirt and began to massage her pussy again. Reaching up, he pulled her panties down, which she stepped out of without comment. Then he began to play with her pussy in earnest. As he continued to run his fingers through her pussy, Jamie let her legs spread apart, giving him easier access.
"What's happening?" James asked as he continued to play in her pussy.
"Dad's fucking mom doggy style," Jamie said, pushing her pussy into his hand as he rubbed her clit. She watched as her father's cock pistoned in and out of her mother's pussy, seeing his balls slap against her as he drove his cock home. "You look," she said.
As James bent over to look into the hole, Jamie knelt down next to him again and took his cock into her hands. As James watched his mother being fucked while his sister played with his cock, he almost burst out laughing. Suddenly he felt Jamie's breath on his cock. Glancing down, he saw the tip of her tongue flick out to taste the drop of pre-cum forming at the end of his dick. Holding his breath, he watched as Jamie gently began to lick his cock, softly bathing it with her velvety tongue. Almost afraid to move, James watched as his sister began to lightly suck on the head of his cock, holding it between her lips as she gently ran her tongue all around the head. Then she opened her mouth and let it slide a few inches into her mouth on her tongue, gently sucking it as she drew her head back to tease the slit in the end with her tongue.
With a groan, James slid to the ground next to Jamie and sat with his back to the wall as she continued to softly suck and lick his cock. As she began to bob up and down on his cock, exciting him even more, James could feel his balls begin to churn and knew that he was going to cum any minute if she kept this up. Gently pulling her up from his cock, he explained that he was going to cum in her face if she kept it up. Smiling, Jamie assured him that she wanted to see what it looked like.
"Let me relax a second and play with you, then you can do it again," James suggested.
As she looked at him, James gently pushed her back on the ground, pushing her knees apart as he did so, exposing her bright red bush to his eyes with the vermilion slit running through it. Gently running his finger up and down her slit, he knelt over her and opened her pussy lips with both hands, getting a close-up view of her open pussy. It was all red and glistening, her little hole at the bottom just visible and her clit engorged and swollen at the top. Bending over, James let his tongue flick out and taste Jamie. Then he let his tongue run up and down her open pussy, licking the entire length of it. Jamie gave a big sigh and reached down and stroked his head as he began to lick her pussy, just like a cat. Then he began teasing her hole with his tongue, pushing it into her and swirling it around. It felt so good, she thought as she held his head into her pussy. Then he grasped her clit with his lips and began to worry it, kneading it with his lips and lightly chewing on it with his teeth. Jamie began to thrash on the ground as an orgasm caught her. She writhed with ecstasy as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her, flooding James' tongue and mouth with her juices. James eagerly lapped them up, sucking the last of her juices from her before sitting back and just staring at his sister's pussy pouting open, staring at him.
God, he thought, I've just sucked my sister's pussy. What have I done? As he sat there in shock, Jamie reached down and stroked her own pussy, rubbing her clit fiercely as she sat up.
"God, that was wonderful, James," she said, her eyes glistening. "Thank you so much."
"Jamie, this isn't right," James protested, overcome with guilt at what they had done. "We shouldn't be doing this."
"I know, but we're not doing anything really wrong. I mean, nothing can happen from this, can it?"
"No, but --" James started to explain as Jamie leaned over and again grasped his cock in her hands. "You shouldn't be doing this," he protested as she bent and licked the end of his cock.
"I want to see it cum," she said. "I've never seen it before."
"Look in the hole," James said, "they're bound to cum soon."
Jamie looked up from where she had begun to lick his cock and moved to the hole. Just as she put her eye to the hole, she saw her father pulling his cock from her mother's pussy, spent, their combined juices running from her gaping pussy.
"Gosh, look, James," Jamie said, moving aside for him to see.
As James put his eye to the hole to see his mother's pussy oozing cum, Jamie reached over and grabbed his cock and began to lick it again, sucking it into her mouth as she had seen her mother doing to her father. As she continued to suck his cock, James got quickly worked up, especially after seeing his mother's cum-filled snatch oozing in front of him. As he felt his balls stirring in prelude to orgasm, he tensed up.
"I think I'm going to cum," he said as Jamie sucked harder at his cock. "Oh, God, I'm cumming," he gasped as he felt his balls contract and begin to shoot his cum out the end of his cock.
Jamie quickly grasped his cock in her hands and watched as it pulsed and pumped his cum into the air, just like she had seen John's do earlier. Then she leaned over and took it back into her mouth before he had finished cumming, gently sucking the rest of his cum into her mouth and swallowing it before sitting back, a satisfied smile on her face while she rested her elbows on her knees, which were pulled up, still showing her pussy to James.
James just lay there in shock. He couldn't believe that his sister had just sucked his cock and swallowed his cum. This just couldn't be happening. Opening his eyes, he saw Jamie sitting there smiling at him, one hand trailing through her pussy.
"That was really nice," she said. "I didn't mind that at all. I always thought it would be dirty and unpleasant, but it's really nice."
"It was really unbelievable," James said. "I can't believe we did this."
"Huh, I can't either," Jamie said, "but I'm not sorry. You're my twin brother and I feel closer to you than to anyone in the whole world. I feel safe learning with you."
"But I don't know anything," James protested. "I've never done these things before."
"Even better," Jamie said. "We can learn together."
"I think you should go to bed," James said. "It's late and we should think about this."
"There's nothing to think about, James," Jamie said. "It's all right. I won't tell and I'm sure you won't either. This'll be our secret," she said as she got to her feet. Moving over to James, she hugged him and gave his cock a big squeeze as she walked from the closet.
"Didn't you like licking me?" Jamie asked shyly as she walked to the door.
"I've never tasted anything so wonderful in my life," James said, "but that doesn't mean it's okay."
"Well, it's okay with me and that's the only thing that counts where this is concerned," Jamie said. "I hope we can do this some more."
"Go to sleep," James said, "you'll feel differently in the morning."
"We'll see," she said. "Good night."
"Good night," James replied, closing the door after her.
When Jamie woke up the next morning, she stretched, then smiled as she remembered the night before. From Sheri's escapade to finding James watching their parents having sex and then watching herself and playing with James and his playing with her, what a drastic change in her life. Everything had been so innocent and naive before. But it sure had been nice, she thought, rubbing her pussy as she lay there. I wonder what James thinks of last night, she mused as she rubbed her pussy.
Slowly getting out of bed, Jamie pulled her bathrobe on and went to James' door and knocked softly. Getting no response, she opened the door and looked inside. James wasn't there. Going out to the kitchen, she found her mother having her breakfast. She looked different to her now. Having seen her fucking and sucking the night before had changed her perception of her parents. They seemed a whole lot cooler now than they had before.
"Where's James?" Jamie asked.
"He went to football practice and your father went to work. It's just you and me. What are you going to do today?"
"Oh, I've got some studying to do, then I'm going out tonight with the girls."
"You seem to like them. You spend a lot of time with them," June commented.
"They're fun. I mean, we're all cheerleaders. We do a lot of things together."
"Well, as long as you're having fun."
"Thanks, mom," she said, kissing her on the cheek.
Meanwhile, Art had arrived at work in shorts and a T-shirt as it was a Saturday and no clients would be in the office. When he arrived, he noticed Larry's car was already there, or still there. Going into the office, Larry hailed him as he entered his own office. Following him in, he sat down with a big grin.
"Well, you sure caught me last night," he said.
"I didn't mean to spy on you," Art said, "I was just going to say goodnight."
"Well, no harm done," Larry said. "What did you think of Dawn's cock taking?"
"Sure looked okay to me," Art laughed, "but what about Mary?"
"It has nothing to do with Mary," Larry replied. "I absolutely love Mary and always will, this is just fun, no involvement whatsoever."
"June would go nuts," Art observed, "if she ever thought I'd done anything like that."
"You've never cheated on her?" Larry inquired.
"Never."
"I'll have to lend Dawn to you for a while. She's a pretty good secretary, too. In fact, she'll be here any minute. I asked her to come in and finish up some letters."
"Well, I have some work to finish," Art said. "I won't interrupt you as I leave."
"Don't worry, it's all right," Larry laughed.
At that moment Dawn arrived, wearing tight short shorts and a halter top which showed her big full breasts to advantage. Larry went to his own office then and Art concentrated on his work. A short time later, Larry poked his head into his office and announced that he was leaving now.
"Dawn's going to finish up some letters, then she'll be done. I'll see you Monday."
"All right. See you," Art said.
As he returned to his work, Art found his attention wandering. Last night with June had been wonderful. She seemed to be blossoming more and more since they had moved to Nebraska. She was really shedding some of her inhibitions. At that moment Dawn entered his office and asked him to look over the letters that she had just finished for Larry. Looking up at her, Art frankly appraised her. She looked to be about 5'4" and 120 pounds. She had brunette hair and nice hazel eyes. Her full breasts were matched by the lushness of her body. He could see her nipples straining under the halter top as the air conditioning took its toll.
As he looked over the letters, Dawn stood next to him. He was very aware of her bare thigh right next to his shoulder. Asking her a question about something in the letter, Dawn leaned over his desk, rubbing her breast on his shoulder as she explained what she had done. As she went to stand back up, Art turned to say something to her just as she turned to him, poking him in the eye with her right breast. As he rubbed his eye, Dawn leaned over to see if he was okay, giving him a bird's eye view down her halter top of her breasts. They were really something. Then suddenly Dawn grabbed his head and pulled it into her cleavage, burying his face between her breasts. As Art sat back in astonishment, Dawn spilled her breasts out of her top and began to rub them, pulling on the nipples.
"Aren't they nice?" she asked, running her tongue across her lips.
"They're fine," Art sputtered, "but I'm married."
"Oh, I know," she said, "so's Larry. I don't mind."
"Well, my wife sure would," Art said.
"I'm certainly not going to tell her," Dawn said, sinking to her knees in front of him, leaning forward and rubbing her breasts in his crotch. "I just like to play sometimes."
"This isn't right," Art protested as she began rubbing and squeezing his cock through his pants.
"Just you relax," Dawn said, undoing his shorts and pulling his rapidly growing cock out into the air. "Just you relax."
Then Dawn held his cock with one hand and squeezed her breasts together around it with the other hand, letting it slide back and forth between them. Art shook his head in disbelief as he watched his cock sliding up and down between her breasts, her big hard nipples sticking out. Then she leaned over and licked the end of his cock, causing it to twitch in response.
"Ooh, it likes me," Dawn squealed as she opened her mouth and let his cock slide into it, lathing it with her tongue as she gently sucked on it.
Art just sat back and watched as his cock disappeared into Dawn's mouth. He could feel it pressing against the back of her throat as she sucked on it. While she sucked on him, Dawn continued to play with her breasts, rubbing and pulling on the nipples while she continued to slurp his big stick. As Art felt his balls begin to churn, his cock pulsed as Dawn took his balls in her hand and gently rolled them around, massaging them as she continued to suck his cock. Then he felt himself spasm as he began to cum. Dawn sucked as quickly as she could, swallowing all of his cum as it filled her mouth. After he finished cumming, she continued to suck him gently for a few minutes before rising to her feet.
"Umm, that was so nice. I really like the taste of cum," she said. "Well, I'll let you get back to your work now. Thanks a lot."
As she left his office, Art sat back in his chair, spent, his limp cock laying in his lap. God, what a job, he thought. June'll kill me if she ever finds out. Rearranging himself, Art returned to his work, forcing himself to concentrate.
Meanwhile, James had gone to football practice. It was a good practice, especially knowing all the tension over who was going to start had been settled. After the practice as he was walking home, he ran into Sheri.
"Oh, hi, James," she said. "How was practice today?"
"Hi, Sheri. It was great. We're going to kill them next week."
"Well, I'll certainly be cheering for you."
"Yeah, thanks."
"Do you have any plans tonight?" Sheri asked innocently.
"Not really, not yet," James stammered.
This was the head cheerleader. She was a real fox. All the guys talked about her all the time. Some of them said she'd go farther than any of the other girls. He couldn't believe she was talking to him like this.
"I was going to go see a movie," Sheri said. "Would you like to come with me maybe?"
"Well, sure," James stammered, "I'd like that."
"Good," she smiled. "Why don't we meet at 7:30 then?"
"Uh, sure. Where?"
"How about at the theater?"
"Okay. I'll see you there."
James fairly ran home. He couldn't believe Sheri had asked him out. She was really good looking. Oh, no, he thought. How am I going to tell Jamie I'm going out with one of her new best friends, especially after what happened last night. Football practice had been good for helping put that out of his mind. Now it all came flooding back, Jamie catching him with his cock in his hand watching through his secret hole, then her sucking him and him sucking her. It had been magical. But it wasn't right, he told himself. She's my sister, my twin.
As he got home, he could see that Jamie and mom were sitting in the living room, Jamie doing homework and his mom reading. Man, she had sure been something last night. It seemed that she was getting more and more wild each day, he thought. Dad sure is lucky. As he entered the living room, he couldn't quite meet Jamie's eyes as he said hello. She gave him a puzzled look as he went to his room. After a few minutes, Jamie got up and went to talk to James. As she entered his room, he was pulling a towel around his waist to go shower.
"James, what's the matter?" Jamie asked. "Why are you being weird?"
"Last night bothers me a little," he replied. "Doesn't it bother you at all?"
"It did a little, but no, I think it was fine. I told you why last night and I haven't changed my mind."
"Well, it's different for me," he said lamely, fidgeting with his towel.
"Well, I don't want you being mad at me," Jamie said. "You're my best friend. If I can't trust you with how I am, I can't trust anyone."
"Gosh, I never said you couldn't trust me," James declared. "I love you. It's just hard accepting what happened for me."
"Well, I woke up feeling better than I've ever felt in my life, thanks to you. I'm glad we did it and I'm not sorry. I'm sorry if you're uncomfortable, but that's all."
"I'll get over it," James admitted with a grin, "it's just very different."
"Yeah, isn't it," Jamie smiled. "What are you doing tonight?"
"Oh, well, Sheri, I ran into Sheri after football practice and she invited me to a movie."
"Are you going to go?" Jamie asked, remembering Sheri's determination to get a hold of James.
"Sure. Why not? She's the head cheerleader and I'm the quarterback. We're supposed to go out by tradition, aren't we?"
"I suppose. She's pretty wild, you know?"
"I've heard some things."
"Well, don't do anything you'll regret later, that's all," Jamie advised.
"You know me better than that," James said.
"And I know Sheri better than that," Jamie replied as she left his room.
That night as James left to go meet Sheri, Jamie went and found Heather and Janice. They all went to Roxy's Grill for a soda and to talk. Jamie told them that Sheri had asked James out that day after football practice and that they were going to a movie. Heather clapped her hands with delight as Janice laughed. When it got to be around 9:45, they left for Sheri's house, entering again through the back door.
As they secreted themselves in the study, Heather asked Jamie if she minded that Sheri was going to be with her brother. Replying that it was no big deal, Heather wanted to know how she was going to feel seeing her brother naked with Sheri. Jamie was thinking of how to respond to that when they heard the door opening and Sheri and James came in the door.
As they sat on the couch next to each other, they could hear Sheri telling James how much fun she had had going to the movies with him. Then she started talking about him being the quarterback and she was stroking his arm, squeezing his muscles. They could see that James was a little uncomfortable by the close quarters. Then Sheri leaned up against him and kissed him, not stopping until she got him to respond to her. As they broke their kiss, they could see Sheri smiling at James as she unbuttoned his shirt to run her hands all over his chest. Rubbing his chest and pinching his nipples, she continued to kiss him, pushing her tongue into his mouth in search of his.
After a few minutes of torrid kissing, Sheri sat up, fanning herself with her hand.
"It's getting hot in here," she said, kissing James again. "Don't you think so?"
"It is a little warm," he agreed, enthusiastically kissing her back.
"It's too hot," Sheri declared, sitting up and suddenly pulling her light sweater that she had been wearing over her head.
As she pulled her sweater up over her head, everyone could see that she had nothing on under it. Her big ripe breasts bounced into view, her nipples already hard. James just stared in disbelief at her big beautiful breasts.
"You don't mind, do you?" Sheri asked, rubbing her breasts. "It's so hot in here."
"No, I don't mind. It's okay," James stammered as Sheri bent over to kiss him again, letting her breasts press up against his bare chest.
As she kissed him, Sheri continued to rub her breasts against his chest, pressing them into him. Then she took one of his hands and pulled it to her breast, laying it on her breast and encouraging him to squeeze her. As James began to play with her breasts, her nipples grew even bigger and harder, which he encouraged by twisting and pulling on them.
"Suck on them a little," Sheri encouraged, holding them up and offering them to him. "Go ahead."
James hesitantly leaned forward and took one of Sheri's nipples into his mouth and sucked on it, all the while massaging her other breast with his hands. As he continued sucking her breasts, Sheri sighed and fell back on the couch, holding him to her breasts as she did so. Letting her leg fall to the side, James was laying in between her legs sucking on her breasts. After some minutes of this, Sheri pushed him up, saying that it was her turn.
Pushing him back on the couch, Sheri lay between his legs and began to suck on his nipples, teasing them and rubbing her breasts on his stomach. Then she began to kiss his chest all over, sliding down to kiss his stomach and lick his belly button. While she was probing his belly button with her tongue, she let her hand fall to the bulge that was becoming prominent in his pants. She began to squeeze and rub his cock through his pants, causing it to press against them, trying to escape. As James lay back in bliss from the attentions of this beautiful girl, he felt her pull his zipper open and free his raging cock from the confines of his pants. Then he felt her breath on him as she opened her mouth and let his cock slide into it, sucking gently on it to the back of her throat.
Jamie was shocked watching how easily Sheri had begun to seduce James. She watched as Sheri pulled his cock out, the very cock she had herself sucked on the night before, and began to softly suck and lick it. Beside her, Heather was panting with excitement, one hand rubbing her breasts, the other rubbing herself between the legs. Janice was watching Sheri and James and Heather in fascination. Every once in a while she would rub her own breasts a little as she got excited from the action.
Jamie felt herself getting wet as she watched Sheri sucking on her brother's cock. Suddenly, Sheri stopped sucking on James. Looking at him as he opened his eyes, she smiled.
"Wouldn't you like to do that to me?" she asked.
"What?" James asked.
"Why don't you lick me a little bit," she said, running her hands up under her skirt.
As James stared at her, she pulled her panties out from under her skirt, then crawled up his chest until her pussy was just inches from his face. James couldn't believe the view. Sheri was sitting on his chest with her knees on either side of his head, her dark pussy just in front of his face, her pussy lips pouting open slightly. As he opened his mouth to say something, Sheri slid forward and covered his mouth with her pussy and began to rub it over his face.
Jamie could hear James sucking on Sheri's pussy, hear him slurping her juices from her pussy just like he had done for her the night before. Well, she certainly knew how good that could feel. No wonder Sheri liked to play with the boys. Glancing to her side, she saw Heather now furiously rubbing her pussy. She had her skirt up and was rubbing herself through her panties, which Jamie could see were soaked with moisture. She could feel her own pussy brimming over with excitement and wished that it was her that was on the couch with James. They could hear Sheri's excited chatter.
"God, that's great. Stick your tongue in me. That's it, deeper. Oh, yes, like that. Suck my clit. Yes, yes, oh, yes, that's it. Suck it, suck it. Come on, suck harder. Suck harder. I'm going to cum. Suck harder. Oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming," Sheri cried as she began to shake, her juices cascading onto James' face and tongue as he lapped at her pussy, sucking up all the juices as they flowed from her pussy.
Jamie found herself rubbing her own pussy through her shorts. She was really getting hot and bothered. Looking at Heather next to her, she could see that Heather had pulled her panties aside and was plunging her fingers into her pussy, frigging herself like crazy. She stared in amazement at her red pussy, her puffy outer lips clasping her fingers as they plunged in and out of her pussy, making soft squishing noises. Janice just watched in fascination as Heather played with herself just inches from her face. She could smell Heather's pussy as her juices flowed.
Then they noticed Sheri getting up from James' face and returning her attentions to his cock.
"Umm, now I want to taste your cum," she said, lowering her mouth to his cock.
As she resumed licking and sucking on James' cock, Jamie felt herself beginning to squirm. Her pussy was on fire and she wanted to rub it so bad, but she felt self-conscious with Heather and Janice there. Heather was still plunging her fingers in and out of her pussy. The smell of it filled the air in the study. Then she heard James begin to groan as his orgasm started. Just like the night before, Sheri stopped sucking on his cock as he began to spurt into the air, then quickly swooped down to suck his cock and get the last of his cum.
"Umm, yummy," she said. "You sure taste good."
"That was outrageous," James said, sitting up and staring at Sheri, cum dripping from her chin and splattered on her breasts. "That felt great."
"Tasted great, too," Sheri added, wiping the cum from her chin and licking it from her fingers. "God, look what time it is," she said, jumping up, her breasts swinging. "My parents will be home any minute. You'd better get dressed, quick."
James jumped up, stuffing his now limp cock into his pants and pulling his shirt on. Giving him a big passionate kiss, Sheri let him out the back door, then she walked over to the study and turned on the light, showing Heather laying on her back, her fingers jammed up her pussy and Janice watching her. Jamie was sitting with her back to the wall, looking very excited.
Sheri just stood there for a second, her breasts swinging, cum still splattered on them.
"Well, what did you think of that?" she asked, standing with her hands on her hips, legs apart.
"Ooh, that was beautiful," Heather gasped, squeezing her pussy feverishly. "I'm so hot I could scream."
"What about you, Jamie," Sheri inquired, "what did you think of the show?"
"You sure make it look easy," she replied. "I don't see how anyone could possibly resist or would want to."
"That's exactly it," she said. "You have to be so irresistible they can't say no. Next time I'll fuck him, that's what I've decided."
"You're kidding," Janice said. "You'd really fuck him?"
"Sure, why not? That's the ultimate. You'll see, I'll do it right here so you can all see. Maybe you'll learn something."
"I'd sure like to see that," Janice agreed, rubbing herself quickly. "That would be neat."
"Here, Heather, you can taste James' cum if you want to," Sheri offered, holding up her breasts and showing the drops splattered on them.
"Oh, yes," she exclaimed, standing up.
As Sheri held her breasts up, Heather leaned over and licked the last drops of James' cum from the right one. As she went to lick the left one, Janice cried out.
"No, let me. I've never tasted it."
"Okay," Sheri agreed. "Go ahead."
Janice quickly bounced to her feet, her face flushed with excitement. Leaning forward, she eagerly licked the cum from her breast, smacking her lips as she finished.
"Hey, that doesn't taste bad, does it?" she said.
"It's absolutely wonderful," Sheri agreed. "The only thing better is both juices mixed together. That's just fantastic."
"What do you mean?" Janice asked puzzled.
"Like after you fuck and you both cum, you lick his cock and taste all of the juices on it."
"You mean like tasting yourself?" Janice asked, a look of distaste on her face.
"Sure. Nothing tastes better than your own pussy, ever. It's really exciting to taste yourself on a guy's dick. It's very exciting."
"I don't think I'd like that," Janice said.
"I'll bet you didn't think you'd like the taste of a guy's cum either, did you?"
"Well, no, I guess not," she agreed.
"Look, I'll show you," Sheri said.
Then she reached down and pulled her skirt off, showing her still naked pussy. Reaching between her spread legs, Sheri ran her finger up and down in her pussy, rubbing it, then sticking her finger up into her pussy. Pulling it out, they could all see the sheen of moisture on it. Opening her mouth, Sheri stuck her finger in and softly sucked it clean, smacking her lips as she finished. Janice just stared at her in disbelief.
"What's it taste like?" she inquired.
"Oh, it's thick and sweet and syrupy. Try it for yourself and see."
"I don't know," Janice said uncomfortably.
"I'll do it," Heather said with a feverish look on her face.
Quickly pulling her skirt off and stepping out of her panties, you could almost see the steam rising from her pussy, so hot was it. Quickly jamming her hand into her pussy, she rubbed it around and jammed her fingers up into her hole, then quickly brought her hand up to her mouth and licked it clean.
"God, what's it like?" Janice asked.
"Sort of tangy, like the sea," Heather replied.
"You mean you taste different from one another?"
"Even guys taste a little different from one another," Sheri added. "You've got to expect that we would too. Here, Heather, taste me," she said, running her finger into her pussy again and offering it to Heather.
Heather hesitated, looking at first Sheri, then Janice and then Jamie, who had been quietly sitting against the wall.
"Go ahead, I'll taste you, too," Sheri encouraged.
With that, Heather flicked her tongue out and licked Sheri's finger, then sucked it into her mouth.
"Yeah, that's real different from me," she said, "but it tastes nice."
"Of course it does," Sheri retorted. "I'm sure you do, too. Let me taste."
So Heather ran her hand down into her pussy again, covering it with her juices. Offering her hand to Sheri, she licked and sucked all the juice from it, smacking her lips.
"You taste real nice, just like the sea," Sheri said as Janice and Jamie watched. "Come on, Janice, let's see what you taste like."
"Oh, I couldn't," she blushed.
"Come on, we did it," Sheri insisted. "Pull your pants off and let's see what you taste like."
Janice blushed as she stepped out of her pants, then pulled her panties down. They could see that her light hair was shiny with moisture and they could see the slit of her pussy.
"I can't," she blushed, unable to raise her head. "I just can't."
"Come here," Sheri said, "I'll do it," as she reached between Janice's legs and suddenly pushed her finger into her pussy.
Janice gasped as she felt Sheri push her finger into her but didn't try to stop her. Sheri quickly rubbed her finger around in Janice's pussy, then brought it up to her mouth and licked it off.
"Mmm, you taste really nice, musky like," she said. "Try it yourself."
Janice blushed as she quickly ran her finger into her pussy and then brought it up to her mouth. As she hesitatingly licked her own pussy juices from her finger, Heather said that she wanted a taste, to compare. Reaching over, she gently ran her fingers through Janice's pussy, causing her to squirm as she pushed her finger slightly up into her pussy. Then she quickly licked her finger.
"Oh, yes, that's a really nice taste," Heather agreed. "That's nice. What do you think, Janice."
"It is sort of nice, isn't it," she said, blushing.
"Here, taste us so you'll have a comparison," Heather said with a big smile.
Janice blushed but Heather grabbed her by the hand and pushed her hand into her sopping pussy. After rubbing Janice's hand in her pussy for a minute, she released it.
"Go ahead, taste it," Heather urged.
Janice licked Heather's juices from her hand, commenting that indeed it did taste a lot like the sea.
"Now taste Sheri's," she urged.
"Sure, go ahead," Sheri agreed, spreading her legs a bit.
Janice hesitatingly reached between Sheri's legs and gently stroked her finger into her pussy, feeling how moist it was. Pulling her hand back and licking it, she commented that each of them tasted different to her.
"Of course we do," Sheri said, "we're different people. How about you Jamie? You're being awfully quiet since your brother left. Let's taste your pussy, too."
"Oh, I don't think so," she said.
"Oh, come on, we won't hurt you," Sheri insisted. "Either you're one of us or you're not. Come on, I'll help you," she said, reaching over and pulling her skirt off. "Go on, take your panties off. We've seen you before, it's no mystery."
Jamie slowly pulled her panties off, acutely aware of how wet they were.
"Come on over on the couch," Sheri suggested, pulling her over and pushing her so that she sat down.
Sitting on one side of her, Heather on the other side, Sheri gently pried her knees open to get access to her pussy.
"You look a lot like Heather," Sheri commented as she reached between her legs and let her fingers wander through her pussy, causing her to squirm.
As she brought her hand to her mouth to taste her, Heather reached between her legs and pushed her hand into her pussy, squeezing her clit before putting her hand to her mouth to taste. As she and Sheri commented on how nice she tasted, Janice knelt between Jamie's legs and softly stroked her pussy with her hand before licking her fingers. They all agreed that she tasted sort of like Heather, but different.
"You try," Sheri insisted.
Jamie looked startled as Sheri guided her hand into her own pussy, just where she secretly wished it was. As she softly stroked herself, she could see that Sheri was also playing with her own pussy. Bringing her hand to her mouth, she licked it off, savoring the flavor of her pussy. It wasn't bad at all. In fact, it was quite exciting a flavor. At Sheri's insistence, she then reached between her legs and wet her hand, tasting first Sheri, then in succession Heather and Janice. Then she tasted herself again.
"That's actually very exciting," she admitted, licking her fingers clean.
All of them were now playing with themselves, rubbing their clits and occasionally licking their fingers. Looking at her watch, Jamie said that it was almost her curfew time and that she needed to go. As they all got dressed, Sheri suggested that the next time they got together that they could taste each other some more, like James had done to her. Janice blushed as Heather clapped her hands in delight.
"This is going to be a great school year," she declared as she finished dressing.
After they all said goodnight, Jamie walked home. As she arrived, she noticed a light on in her parent's room. Knocking softly on James' door as she let herself in, Jamie could see he was in bed asleep. As she entered, he woke up and sat up in bed.
"What are you doing in here?" he demanded.
"I just got home and noticed a light in mom and dad's room. I wanted to see if they were doing anything," she replied lamely. "I thought maybe you were looking."
"No, I've been in bed for a couple of hours. Where have you been?"
"I was out with Heather and Janice. Did you have a nice time with Sheri?" she inquired.
"Yeah, fine. She's a lot of fun."
"What did you do?"
"You know, go to the movies."
"That's all?"
"That's none of your business, twin sister."
"Do you mind if I look?" she asked, glancing towards the closet.
"No, go ahead."
As Jamie entered the closet, she could see the light coming from the hole in the wall. Putting her eye to the hole, she could see her mother, her feet dangling over the edge of the bed, her legs apart, cum dripping from her gaping pussy. As she watched, her father knelt at her head and offered her his cock to suck. She could see it was smeared with their combined juices. That must be what Sheri was talking about, she thought, rubbing herself as she watched.
"What's going on?" James asked from his bed.
"It looks like dad just finished fucking her and now she's sucking him. Mom's pussy looks like it's been beat up. You can come see," she added.
Jamie heard James get out of bed. As he came into the closet, she could see he was holding a towel around his waist. Moving aside from the hole, she let him press his eye to it. As he watched his mother suck his father's dick, cum oozing from her hole, James could feel his cock growing. This reminded him of Sheri's great blowjob earlier. As he watched, without realizing it his towel slipped to the ground, his cock sticking straight out in front of him. Then he felt Jamie suddenly grasp his cock in her hand. Standing up, he started to pull away, but she had already opened her mouth and swallowed his cock into her throat. Groaning, he leaned back against the closet wall and let Jamie give him his second blowjob of the night. As he started to cum, he tried to pull away from her, but she grabbed him around the ass and sucked his cock all the way into the back of her throat as he pumped his load into her mouth. She sucked and sucked his cock until he had stopped cumming, then just knelt there with his now limp cock lying in her mouth, her hands cupping his balls. Her blowjob was actually more exciting than Sheri's. It was much softer. Standing up, Jamie hugged James, kissing him.
"I love the taste of you," she said. "It's so wonderful. Please do me too," she pleaded.
With a sigh, James led her from the closet and seated her on the bed. His cock was still swinging in front of him.
"Are you sure?" he asked. "Are you sure this is a good idea?"
"You sure came like a lion in my mouth, I just want you to get me off too. I'm so horny," she said, pulling her clothes off.
James had never seen Jamie's breasts before. They were nice and big, with big pointed nipples sticking out from the ends. As he looked at her, she lay back on the bed, drawing her knees up and apart, her pussy staring at him. Kneeling down in front of her, he softly stuck his tongue into her hole, causing her to buck with excitement. As he continued to suck and nibble on his sister's pussy, James could taste her as her juices began to really flow. She had the most incredible taste, very different from Sheri's pussy earlier. As Jamie quickly approached orgasm from his sucking, she began to buck and writhe on the bed as James nibbled on her clit and pushed his tongue into her pussy. Then he stuck a finger up into her hole, stopping when he felt some resistance. Then she started to cum, moaning as she spasmed, pouring her juices onto his waiting tongue. He lapped and lapped at her pussy until she stopped cumming, then crawled up and gently began to suck on her breasts. Then she rolled over and got to her feet, standing there naked in front of him.
"You're so beautiful," he said, gazing at her. "I don't think I've ever seen anyone as beautiful as you."
"You're just saying that because I'm your sister," she retorted. "What about Sheri?"
"Oh, she's all right, but she doesn't hold a candle to you."
"Well, thanks," she said, leaning over and kissing him, giving his cock a squeeze as she quietly slipped out the door. "See you tomorrow."
When June awoke the next morning, she rolled over and gently sucked Art's limp cock into her mouth, softly sucking him awake and back to life. Art came to with a raging hard-on, June's mouth sucking him into her throat. As he lay there enjoying his morning blowjob, he couldn't help thinking about Dawn at work the day before. Here he had the most wonderful wife and he had let Larry's secretary blow him. He sighed as June's tongue began to get his balls churning. Reaching down, he pulled her hips to him, encouraging her to straddle his face in a 69 as she sucked him. Pulling her pussy lips apart, Art ran his tongue into her pussy, tasting the funky remains of last night's action. As he began to eat her pussy, June slowly ground her pussy into his face, humping his nose.
June smiled as she sucked Art's cock. She had been blowing him much more frequently since they moved into the new house and she had discovered the hole in their closet wall. She had noticed it when they were moving in. She hadn't said anything to Art about it at the time, and she was glad she hadn't. When she realized that the other side of the hole was in her son's closet, June had taken to leaving her closet door open, wondering if James would ever discover the hole. A couple of weeks ago she had been fairly certain that he had discovered it, and the forbidden thrill of knowing that someone was watching her, her son at that, had caused a latent exhibitionism to emerge from her. She found herself responding to Art much more than she ever had and enjoying sex with him more, knowing that perhaps James was watching.
Since he and Jamie were 18, she figured they were both going through typical adolescent hormonal changes now. They were both such wonderful children, healthy, beautiful, good students. They had never been trouble and she was very proud of them. As she continued to suck Art's cock, his tongue in her pussy was getting her very excited. Sitting up and grinding her pussy into his face, June slid down and mounted his cock quickly, her back to him facing the closet. As she rode up and down on his cock, June imagined that James was watching her. Reaching down between her legs as she rode Art, June found her clit and began to rub and pull on it, increasing her excitement. As she continued to ride him, she could feel herself building to orgasm even as she felt Art's cock tense as it began to spurt his seed into her pussy. Quickly rubbing her clit, her own orgasm took her at the same time, waves of delight running through her body. Then she climbed off of Art and took his cock again into her mouth, returning her pussy to its place on his face as she began to lick and suck all of their combined juices from his dick. At the same time, Art was feasting on the cum cocktail in her pussy, sucking all their combined juices from her pussy. Then she turned and curled up in Art's arms, contented.
James was beating off with a fury, having just watched his parents doing their regular good morning fuck. God, his mother was something. She sucked cock so nicely, he thought, and his father seemed to really like eating her pussy. Well, if it was anything like Jamie's, he thought, he certainly understood. Thinking of Jamie again got him pumping his cock faster in his hand and he began to shoot his load all over the closet as he came. Quickly pulling on some shorts, James quietly went to Jamie's door and opened it. Jamie was lying on the bed naked, her hands clutched between her legs as she slept. She sure looked beautiful, he thought as he entered her room, quietly closing the door behind him. Moving over to her bed, he gently pried her hands from her pussy, trying not to wake her. As he moved her hands and she twitched in her bed, he replaced her hands with his mouth, softly running his tongue into her dripping pussy. I wonder what she's been dreaming about, he thought as he began to nibble her pussy.
Jamie groaned as she felt the soft tongue nibbling in her pussy in her dream. Then as James began pushing his tongue into her tight little hole, Jamie came awake, realizing that this wasn't her dream anymore. Opening her eyes, she saw that James had crawled into her bed and was sucking on her pussy, waking her wonderfully. Clutching his head, she held him to her pussy, rubbing herself into his face as he probed her pussy with his tongue. As he continued to suck on her, she felt her orgasm approaching. Holding his head against her, she began to tremble as her orgasm shook her, causing her to flood his face with her cum, which he eagerly lapped up. When he finished sucking her dry, he sat up, a smile on his face and her pussy juice smeared all over.
"Good morning," James said. "I hope you slept well."
"I did, but I woke up even better," Jamie replied, pulling him to her and hugging him. "What are you doing up so early on a Sunday?"
"Oh, I like to get up early and watch mom and dad. They always do it in the morning."
"What were they doing today?" she asked, sitting up.
"You know, they fucked and they sucked, same as every day, just different variations."
"I'd like to watch more often," Jamie confessed. "It's so beautiful, and exciting too."
"Yeah, I know. After watching them I just had to come in here. I hope you don't mind."
"No, no, I'm glad you did. What a wonderful way to wake up," she said, rubbing her pussy with both hands. "I like it."
Just then they heard their parents stirring about in the house, so James quietly left Jamie's room and returned to his own. When they both presented themselves for breakfast a few minutes later, June greeted them both with a hug and a kiss.
"What are you two doing today?" June asked as she fixed breakfast.
"I'm going over to Sheri's to meet her and Heather and Janice," Jamie replied.
"I've got homework and a short practice this afternoon," James explained.
"Well, I've got to go to the office for a couple of hours this morning," Art said.
"Oh, I'll come with you," June volunteered. "Maybe you'll work faster if I'm waiting there for you. Let's all try to meet here for supper," she suggested.
They continued to talk as they ate breakfast, then everyone helped clean up quickly and then June and Art left for his office. As soon as they were gone, Jamie got dressed and was ready to leave for Sheri's.
"What do you all do together all the time?" James inquired.
"Oh, you know, girl things," Jamie replied. "Are you going to go out with Sheri again?" she asked.
"I guess so," he replied. "If she wants to."
"I'm sure she will," Jamie replied. "She's absolutely boy crazy."
"Aren't all girls?" he asked with a grin.
"I know the boy I'm crazy about," she replied, moving over next to him and leaning her body into him. "I'm crazy about the boy who sucks my pussy the best."
James blushed slightly as she said this, then jumped as she reached out and grabbed his cock through his shorts.
"Let me have some of this before I go," Jamie insisted, pulling his shorts down. "You already had some."
As she pulled his shorts down, James just stood there as she fell to her knees and began to suck on his cock. I could really get used to this, he thought, caressing Jamie's head as she continued to lick and suck his now-hard cock. As she began to bob up and down on him, James began to lightly move his hips back and forth, fucking her mouth. Jamie quickly opened her mouth, letting his cock slide back and forth on her tongue as he gently pumped his cock in and out of her mouth. Letting her lips close on his cock lightly as he fucked her face, Jamie lightly sucked his cock each time he pulled back, then let him push his cock into the back of her throat. Suddenly he clutched her hair as he pushed his cock all the way into her mouth and began to cum. Jamie greedily swallowed every drop of it, sucking the last of it from the slit in his cock before wiping her mouth and standing up.
"See you later," she laughed as she left James leaning against a wall, his now limp cock dangling in front of him. "We'll try it again tonight," she said as she left the house.
Meanwhile, Art and June arrived at his office. June contented herself with looking around while Art quickly tried to finish up his work. After about an hour or so, June walked into his office and closed the door behind her. With a sly smile on her face, she walked over to Art's desk, standing between Art in his seat and the desk, leaning back against the desk. As Art sat back in his seat and smiled, June slowly pulled up her skirt to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her beautiful pussy with its light covering of blonde down was right there in front of him.
"Let's dedicate your new desk," June suggested with her eyes bright and a big smile on her face.
"Come, on, pull out that big cock and just fuck me right here, right now, on your desk," she said, sitting on the edge of the desk, her knees wide.
"Come on, Art, fuck me," she said, letting her hand wander to her pussy to run her finger along the slit of her pussy, which was now gaping open just slightly, enough to let Art see her clit peeking out from between her pussy lips.
Getting to his feet, Art dropped his shorts to the floor, pulling down his underwear to free his rapidly growing cock. Moving to position his cock at the entrance to June's pussy, he rubbed it up and down in her slit, letting it get a nice, wet sheen from the moisture already forming. Pressing the head of his cock at the entrance to her hole, Art steadily pushed until his entire cock disappeared into her pussy. June leaned back on her elbows and propped her heels on the edge of the desk, giving Art the best possible access to her pussy as he began to pump his cock into her.
Art began to stroke his cock back and forth into June's pussy, moving easier as her juices began to flow. As he looked down at her, June's head was back and her eyes closed, savoring the feel of his cock sliding back and forth into her eager pussy. As he looked down, Art could see his cock sliding in and out of her pussy, her lips clinging to it each time he pulled out, only to swallow him completely as he plunged back in.
Reaching down, Art began to rub and pull on June's clit, causing her to moan as the electricity jolted through her body from her clit, all swollen and bursting with excitement. As he felt his balls building up to explode, the door suddenly opened and Larry stood there, a look of surprise on his face as he saw what was happening. June didn't notice him because her eyes were closed and she was moaning with the approach of her orgasm. Art saw him and froze momentarily, then quickly pumped his cock into June's pussy over and over as his balls started dumping their load. As he thrust his cock into her all the way to finish emptying his balls, he looked at Larry, who stood there with a big smile on his face. As June opened her eyes, seeing Larry, he clapped his hands, still smiling broadly.
"I'm really glad to see you making yourselves at home here," he said with a grin. "We're just happy to have you here."
June blushed but couldn't move because Art's cock was still embedded in her pussy, her legs splayed open.
"Well, I'll see you two later," Larry said. "Have a nice day."
As he walked out of Art's office, closing the door behind him, Art fell into his chair, staring at June's wide-open pussy oozing their combined cum. June pushed her skirt down, sitting up, blushing.
"I'm so embarrassed," she said. "You could have lost your job."
"No, I don't think so," Art replied, pulling his shorts up. "Larry's okay."
"But he saw us fucking on your desk," she said. "I can't believe someone saw us."
"It's all right," Art reassured her. "I'm not bothered by it. Besides, I'm sure you turned him on. He'd probably like to try my desk out himself," he said, standing to leave.
"Come on, let's get out of here. We can go home and take it from there."
* * * * * * * * * *
Jamie didn't stay very long at Sheri's, she had only wanted to talk about what she was going to do to this boy and that boy. Jamie found it boring and said that she had to go do homework. When she got home, she knocked on James' door and found him doing homework.
"Hi," she said. "How's it going?"
"Okay," he replied. "I'm almost done anyway. What are you doing home so soon?"
"Sometimes Sheri's so boring, I just can't take it. She can only talk about boys, what she's done to who and what she's going to do to whoever."
"Does she talk about me?" he inquired.
"Yeah, some."
"What does she say?"
"She likes you. She says you taste good."
"What do you mean?" he blushed.
"I don't know, you tell me," Jamie said. "What does she mean?"
James blushed furiously as he remembered Sheri blowing him. I wonder what Jamie'd think if she knew he had done that with her best friend. As he started to open his mouth and tell her what had happened, they both heard a noise from their parents' room. Quietly, they quickly moved into the closet where James put his eye to the hole. As he looked, he could see his parents kissing and pulling each other's clothes off. As soon as they were naked, James could see his mom pushing his dad backwards while she groped for his growing cock, pushing him right towards the closet! When she had almost pushed him into the closet, she stopped and fell to her knees on the floor in front of him and began to lick his cock.
James couldn't believe what he was seeing. They were no more than 3 feet away, right in front of him. He could see every little detail, see his mother's tongue flick out and probe into the slit at the end of his father's cock. Then she opened her mouth and let his cock slide into her mouth until it almost disappeared, then she closed her lips around it and sucked as she drew her head back to grasp the head of his cock between her teeth while her tongue again probed out.
James gasped at the sight and Jamie pushed him aside, putting her eye to the hole. She, too, gasped as she saw her father's cock right in front of her, her mother sucking on it. It seemed so big up close. She saw her mother let it slide right down into her throat then suck it as it drew out again. Through her fascination with watching her parents, Jamie was also aware of feeling that it looked like it tasted so good. She realized that she wouldn't mind being where her mother was right now, sucking that big, beautiful cock.
Relinquishing the hole to James, she made him pull his cock out before looking into the hole again. As she began sucking on his cock like she had seen her mother do through the hole, James watched his parents. Jamie's sucking was really exciting. He realized that she was trying to do it just like she had seen their mom doing it. It felt really nice when she would try to swallow his entire cock into her throat. She couldn't quite manage, but it still felt great.
As June sucked Art's cock in super slow motion, she hoped that James was in his room and had heard them when they came in. Deliberately maneuvering Art so that they were right in front of the closet, she had begun to suck him, hoping that James would have a particularly good view. As she sucked his cock, June kept glancing towards the hole, trying to determine if anyone's eye was there. Twice she thought she saw a difference in the way the hole looked, but she couldn't be sure. Then she was certain she had seen a glint of light reflecting from within the hole and knew for certain that she was being watched.
Really concentrating on sucking Art in the most sensual way she knew, June slowly licked the length of his cock, then let it slide all the way into her throat, almost completely swallowing it. As she continued to suck Art's cock, she kept looking towards the hole. Then once after drawing Art's cock back out of her mouth, she turned her head towards the hole as she licked the length of his cock, staring at the hole as she licked back and forth, even sucking his balls into her mouth a couple of times. Then before turning to suck Art's cock back into her mouth, without thinking about it, June winked at the hole, slowly and deliberately, then returned her attention to sucking Art's cock.
James almost died when he saw his mother turn towards the hole, seeming to look at it. Jamie's sucking on his cock was driving him crazy and now he thought that his mother was actually looking at him as she licked his father's cock and sucked his balls into her mouth. James was just starting to believe that it was just a coincidence when he saw his mother slowly and deliberately wink at him. He fell back from the hole in shock, even as his balls began pumping their load into Jamie's eagerly sucking mouth. As he lay there in disbelief, Jamie finished sucking the last of his seed from the end of his cock, then turned and put her eye to the hole again.
As she looked into the hole, she could see her mom stop sucking her dad's cock and drop to her hands and knees, her ass pointed right at the hole. Jamie could see her pussy peeking out from between her legs. As she watched, her father positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy and pushed it in in one quick stroke. She saw her mother wriggle her ass as she attempted to push herself back against his thrusting cock in her pussy. As Jamie watched this, she pushed her own hand into her pants and began to rub and stroke her own pussy, even as she watched her mother's pussy being pounded by her father's cock right in front of her eyes. She could see her mother's pussy lips clinging to her father's cock as it drew back before each thrust, a sheen of moisture coating it. As she watched, he began to stiffen up as his balls contracted in spasm, then she saw him jam his cock into her as hard as he could as he began to cum.
James pushed her aside just as Art was pumping his load into her pussy. June suddenly spun around, causing his cock to spurt into the air, then caught it and held her mouth open, the head of his cock resting on her tongue as it finished pumping its pearly white load. Then she slowly sucked the head of his cock and swallowed all of his seed before sitting back on the floor. Looking directly at the hole, she smiled and licked her lips before lying back on the floor, her knees up and her open pussy pointing directly at the hole, now oozing from Art's fucking.
James fell back from the hole, a look of horror on his face.
"What's wrong?" Jamie asked. "What is it?"
"You'll never believe me," he said, "no way."
"Tell me," she insisted.
"Both times I was looking in the hole, both times mom looked right at the hole."
"So what? That was just coincidence," Jamie replied.
"That's what I was thinking," he said, "until she winked at me."
"She what?"
"She winked at me. There's no mistake, she knew I was watching. I can't believe this. What am I going to do?"
"Don't do anything. Why should you do anything? It's obvious she knows and doesn't care. Wow, she's deliberately putting on a show for you. That's really cool."
"Cool? How can you say that? She knows I'm watching her and she always leaves the closet door open. How can she want me to watch her?"
"Oh, I suppose some people like an audience," Jamie said, thinking of Sheri. "Maybe it turns her on to know that someone's watching her."
"You must be nuts."
"Sheri's like that," she said. "She told me."
"Sheri's what?"
"She likes people to see her when she's messing with boys."
"You're kidding!"
"Nope. She even let me and Heather and Janice watch her the other night when she went out with John."
"What do you mean you watched her and John? Where?"
So Jamie told him the whole story about Sheri and how she had declared she was going to get any boy she wanted and how she insisted that they be witnesses. When she told him about seeing him, he blushed furiously.
"You mean you saw me with her?" he asked.
"Uh-huh, so did Janice and Heather."
"Oh, no."
"No, they all really liked it. In fact, Sheri let them lick some of your cum off of her breasts so they could taste it."
"This isn't happening," he said in despair. "This can't be real."
"It is. She even invited us to watch you two tonight. She said she was going to fuck you this time."
"Really? I mean, what's with her?"
"She's just weird. So are you going to fuck her if she wants you to?"
"I never thought about that. I mean, I've never done it."
"She doesn't care. And I'll be there with Heather and Janice to see."
James just sat back and groaned, his hand on his forehead.
"What am I going to do?"
"I guess you'll either fuck her or you won't," Jamie said with a smile. "I'm sure it's going to be up to you," she said as she flicked his cock with a finger.
"But you watching, that's just not fair."
"Why not? Why don't you want me watching?"
"It's not you, it's all of you."
"Let's turn the tables on her."
"How do you mean?"
"Well, I'll make sure Heather and Janice take their clothes off, and when whatever happens with you two is done, instead of you letting her make you get dressed and leave, just get up from the couch and walk into the study. That's where we'll be watching. That should really get them."
"Just walk into the study naked?"
"Sure. Why not? They've already seen you. Now you'll be seeing them. It'll be fun to see how they act."
"I don't know. It seems crazy, the whole thing."
"Well, you could avoid it by breaking your date with Sheri. How do you think you'd explain that at school?"
"I don't know. I hope this works."
* * * * * * * * * *
Jamie arrived at Sheri's house about a half hour before she was due to return with James. Heather and Janice were already there. They had been drinking some beer and were a little drunk. As they hid in the study, Heather commented that she was going to end up with soaked panties again.
"Why don't you just take them off?" Jamie inquired.
"What do you mean?" Heather asked.
"Well, that way they won't get soaked, of course. In fact, why don't we all take our clothes off and watch them. It'll be more fun."
"Are you out of your mind?" Janice asked.
"No, it sounds like fun," Heather giggled. "Let's do it. It'll really shock Sheri, too."
So they all took their clothes off until they were all three standing there naked. Heather giggled as she rubbed her pussy.
"It's going to make it all easier, isn't it?" she laughed.
Just then they heard Sheri and James come in the house. Quickly sitting on the floor where they could see into the living room, they saw them come in and go right over to the couch. This time there was no slow seduction. Sheri reached right out and grabbed James' cock through his pants as he reached to pull her blouse open. They quickly helped each other take all their clothes off. When they were naked, Sheri stood up tall and posed, thrusting her breasts up into the air, one hand on her hip.
"Well, what do you think?" she asked as James sat on the couch, his cock sticking up in the air.
"Looks just fine to me," he replied, reaching for her.
He pulled her down onto the couch and pushed his face into her pussy even as she opened her mouth to accept his cock into her throat. They lay in a 69, sucking each other loudly. Meanwhile, Jamie and Heather and Janice were watching them, seeing them locked in their 69. Heather was rubbing her pussy, her knees pulled up. Janice's eyes went from the scene on the couch to Heather right next to her. She was sandwiched between Jamie and Heather, the three of them sitting shoulder to shoulder.
Suddenly Heather reached over and began pinching her breasts, giggling. As she tried to push her hands away, she reached over and pinched Heather's breasts. Heather just giggled and said that she didn't mind. Then she continued to rub and pinch Janice's breasts. Janice stopped trying to stop her as she watched Sheri and James on the couch. Then Sheri took James' cock from her mouth.
"James, let's do something else."
"What do you want to do?"
"I want you to fuck me," she said. "Please fuck me."
"Are you sure?" he asked, continuing his oral assault on her pussy. "Isn't this enough for you?"
"No, I want you to fuck me. Don't you want to?"
"Well, yeah, but I don't mind this either."
"I need more, James. Please fuck me, now."
Jamie and Heather and Janice held their breaths as they saw Sheri lay on her back, her legs spread wide. As James positioned himself between her legs, Heather stopped pinching Janice's breasts as she watched in fascination. Her right hand continued to rub her own pussy, while her left hand fell from Janice's breasts to her lap, where it rested lightly on her pussy. Janice hardly seemed to notice as she watched James position his cock at the entrance to Sheri's hole. As he began to push his cock into her, Janice felt Heather's fingers stroking her pussy, pushing into her pussy lips to rub her like she was doing to herself, mesmerized by Sheri and James.
As James pushed his cock into Sheri's pussy, he couldn't believe the feeling of her. It was like liquid velvet. He could feel her pussy muscles gripping his cock, trying to suck it in as he pushed, pushed until there was nowhere else to push to. His cock was buried in her pussy. He couldn't believe the feeling as he began to pump his cock in and out of her pussy. This was even better than a blowjob, he thought. As he fucked her, Sheri was pulling on her nipples and rubbing her clit. She was like a person possessed.
As they watched them fuck, Heather's fingers had been very active in her own and in Janice's pussy. Janice had let her head fall over to rest on Jamie's shoulder, who was watching James fuck Sheri with interest. I'm going to get him to do that to me, too, she thought. It looks like he does it nice. It didn't seem to hurt Sheri at all.
As Janice sat with her head on Jamie's shoulder, her right hand was covering Heather's as she continued to play with her pussy. She could feel her juices beginning to flow. Her left hand had fallen into Jamie's lap and was lightly stroking her pussy. At first Jamie hadn't liked Janice touching her like that, but then it had felt so soft and nice that she hadn't minded, so she had let her legs fall open to make it easier for her. Looking away from Sheri and James for a moment, she saw Heather's hand in Janice's pussy. Reaching over, she pushed her hand under Heather's and began to rub Janice's pussy. It felt nice and soft, warm, too, she thought. As she probed around in Janice's pussy, she felt Janice's fingers part the lips of her pussy, pushing inside to push at her hole.
As she turned her attention back to the couch, she heard James cry out as his orgasm took him. She saw Sheri lock her legs around his back as she held him into her, holding him tightly as he spent himself in her pussy. Then he collapsed on top of Sheri. As she rolled him off of her, Sheri leaned down and took his spent cock in her mouth where she began sucking their combined juices off his cock. When she finished that, she sat back, contented.
At this point, Jamie quietly moved to the other side of Heather, leaving them between her and the doorway. As Heather continued to stroke Janice's pussy, Jamie reached out and put her hand on Heather's pussy. It felt very warm and sticky as she let her fingers push into her. She could push two of her fingers all the way up into Heather's pussy. It felt real squishy as she rubbed her clit as her two fingers twitched around in her pussy.
Then they heard Sheri telling James that it was getting late and that he had to go. As she was gathering his clothes for him, he started to walk towards the study. Janice and Heather shrank back against her as Sheri quickly jumped after him to stop him, but just like that, James pushed the door all the way open and walked in, turning on the light as he did so. Heather and Janice squealed as James stood there in front of them, his cock swinging in their faces. Sheri stood there with a look of shock on her face as Jamie burst out laughing.
"Well, you wanted to fuck my brother, now you have. You two wanted to watch him fuck her, and you have. What do you have to say now," Jamie asked, laughing.
"I can't believe you told him," Sheri stammered. "This was supposed to be between us."
"He's my twin brother and my loyalty is always going to be to him first."
"You just saw your brother fuck me, and what are you three doing with no clothes on?" she insisted indignantly.
"It was Jamie's idea," Heather said, trying to hide her pussy from James.
"Well, I figured if you got to see him, it was only right that he see you," Jamie said.
While they were talking, James' cock had begun to grow again. It was now pointed straight out in front of him. Sheri and Jamie both laughed as they saw the looks on Heather and Janice's faces.
"Go on, Heather, you said that you wanted him when I got done. Well, I'm done for the moment. Go ahead."
Heather blushed as James moved over and let his cock stick in her face.
"Go on, Heather, open your mouth," Sheri laughed. "You've never kept it shut this long before."
Heather giggled as she reached out and grasped James' cock. Opening her mouth, she let her tongue flick out and tease the end of his cock. James sighed as she closed her lips around the head of his cock and sucked. Sitting down, James lay back on the floor as Heather kneeled above his cock, beginning to lick and suck on it. Jamie laughed with delight as she watched Heather sucking James' cock. She knew how nice it was and was surprised to find that she wanted all her friends to know also.
Sheri rubbed her sticky pussy as she watched Heather sucking on James' cock. She didn't really like having to share, but she didn't see that she had any choice. She couldn't believe Jamie was just sitting there naked in front of her brother watching him getting a blowjob. She seemed to be enjoying it. After Heather had been sucking on him for about five minutes, Sheri said that she should give Janice a turn. Janice blushed furiously as everyone turned to look at her, James smiling as he held out a hand to her. She had been trying to keep her pussy and breasts covered because she was embarrassed, now she gave James her hand and crawled over to him, kneeling next to his throbbing cock.
"Just do like you saw us doing it," Sheri encouraged. "It won't hurt you."
Janice gingerly reached out and grasped his cock, surprised at what it felt like. After squeezing it a few times, she leaned over and licked the head of it, tasting him. Liking it, she began to lick and suck on his cock, just like she had seen Sheri and Heather doing. Jamie smiled as she watched Janice, knowing that she herself had only learned to do it a couple of days before.
While watching Janice begin to suck on James' cock, Heather sat close, her legs open, rubbing herself as she watched. Sheri moved to sit next to Heather, watching Janice suck on James' cock. Hearing Heather's hand squishing in her pussy, Sheri reached over and began to rub it for her, finding it just flooded with juices. Drawing her hand to her mouth, she licked the juices from her hand before returning it to Heather's pussy. Heather responded by reaching over and rubbing Sheri's pussy through all the sticky goo. After a few minutes of this, Sheri encouraged Heather to sit on James' face and let him eat her. Heather blushed as James reached over and pulled her towards him, helping her to straddle his face, her pussy spread open in front of his mouth.
As Janice continued to suck on his cock, James let his tongue push into Heather's soaking pussy, tasting her tangy pussy. Heather just about screamed as she felt his tongue push into her, sucking her pussy. Her juices ran as he sucked her, nibbling on her clit and sucking it into his mouth. She tasted totally different from either Jamie or Sheri, James thought as he sucked her. But as he was quickly learning, a pussy to suck on is a pussy to suck on. He suddenly understood Jamie's attitude much better now as he continued to suck and be sucked.
Then Sheri announced that it was her turn to suck him again and that Janice got to sit on his face. Janice looked up, her face flushed from her exertions, a big smile on her face. As Sheri nudged her aside, Janice pushed Heather off of James' face and assumed her position. She just about died as she felt his tongue probe up into her pussy, softly sucking her clit as she grasped his hair. James' slurping increased as Janice's pussy began to flow, her sweet, syrupy juice running into his mouth. This is the sweetest tasting pussy of them all, he thought. They're all good, this is just delicious, as he sucked her with vigor.
Suddenly, Heather said, "What about Jamie? She's only sitting here."
"What about Jamie?" Sheri asked from around James' cock. "It's her brother."
"Still, no one's doing anything for her."
"Go ahead," Sheri said, resuming her sucking.
Heather moved over next to Jamie where she sat against the wall, her legs pressed together watching James get blown and getting to suck all of her friends. She wanted him so bad. Heather hugged her, rubbing her breasts. Teasing her legs apart, Heather began to rub and play with her pussy. Jamie glanced over to James but he couldn't see her, not with Janice's pussy plastered over his face. Leaning back and relaxing, Jamie began to enjoy Heather's fingers playing in her pussy. As she watched Janice rubbing her pussy all over James' face, she wished it could be her sitting there. She loved it when he licked her pussy.
Sheri could feel James' balls getting tight. She knew he was going to cum any minute.
"Hey, Heather, he's going to cum any minute," she said. "Come on over here and finish sucking him. You get to eat his cum."
Giving Jamie a smile, Heather quickly scrambled over to James' cock, sucking it into her mouth. As she began to suck on him, Janice gave a cry and started to cum, her juices bathing James' face as he struggled to lap it all up. Then he gave a groan as his balls started churning, shooting his load into Heather's waiting mouth. Heather eagerly sucked his cock, gulping his cum down. When he finished cumming, Heather sat up, a look of happiness on her face and a dribble of cum on her chin. Wiping it off, she let Janice lick it from her hand.
James lay there exhausted. He had cum at least 3 or 4 times already today. Looking over at Jamie sitting against the wall, he smiled at her. She smiled back, though not with the satisfaction he had.
"This isn't fair," James said, sitting up. "You all got to suck me, have me suck you, or fuck you," he said, looking at Sheri. "Jamie's only gotten to watch."
"Well, go ahead, fuck her, too," Sheri laughed.
"One of you should suck her," he said with a grin as Jamie gave him a shocked look.
"Well, that sounds fair to me," Heather said, licking her lips. "I've had mine."
"Go on, Sheri, you do it," James said, smiling at her.
"Why me?" Sheri asked.
"Because this was all your idea to begin with, from what I understand."
"You don't have to do anything," Jamie said. "That's all right."
"Are you too shy to do it in front of your brother?" Sheri demanded. "You sure got to watch him."
"That's not it," she said.
"I think James should get to see you as much as you've seen him," Sheri said mischievously.
"Yeah," Heather added. "It's only fair."
"Go on, Jamie," James said. "Show me."
Blushing, Jamie lay back on the floor, feet flat and knees apart, showing her pussy to them all. As they all gathered around to look at her, James encouraged Sheri to go ahead and start. With a shake of her head, Sheri knelt between Jamie's thighs, her face right in front of her pussy. Using her hands to hold Jamie's pussy lips open, Sheri exposed the inside of her pussy, the clit sticking out from the top and her hole just barely pouting open. As James watched with a grin on his face, Sheri stuck her tongue out and ran it the length of Jamie's pussy, causing her to twitch. Continuing to run her tongue up and down inside Jamie's pussy lips, Jamie's juices started to flow.
While Sheri was beginning to suck on Jamie's pussy, everyone held their breath. The dark hair of Sheri in the fire-red hair of Jamie's pussy was a stark contrast. Heather was kneeling next to them, her face not 12 inches from Sheri's as she watched her suck Jamie, her ass up in the air. James was kneeling next to Heather watching Jamie get her pussy eaten by Sheri. Reaching over behind Heather, he stuck a couple of fingers into her pussy, causing her to jump. Quickly adjusting, Heather pushed back against his hand playing in her pussy.
Then Sheri lifted her face from Jamie's pussy, her juices smeared all over her face. Her eyes had a wild glint in them as she told Heather it was her turn. Heather eagerly positioned herself between Jamie's thighs. James could see that her pussy was all glistening and red. As Heather lowered her face into Jamie's pussy, James plunged his two fingers back into her pussy from behind. When Sheri saw this, she reached over and grabbed his cock, which was already starting to grow again. Quickly massaging him to a state of hardness, Sheri pointed to Heather's pussy, indicating that he should fuck her.
Without saying a word and not removing his fingers from her pussy, James positioned himself behind her, his cock up against his fingers. Removing his fingers from her pussy, he rubbed her juices all over the head of his cock and then just pushed it into her pussy, replacing his fingers. Heather gasped out loud as she lifted her face from Jamie's pussy when she felt James' cock push into her. Realizing what was happening, she returned to sucking on Jamie.
After a few minutes of this, Sheri announced that it was Janice's turn to suck on Jamie. Without removing his cock from her pussy, Jamie and Heather moved to the side so that Janice could kneel between Jamie's thighs. Positioning himself so that Jamie could watch him plunging his cock into Heather's pussy and also so that he and Heather could watch Janice suck Jamie, he continued to fuck her from behind.
As Janice began to lick and suck Jamie's pussy, Sheri bent over and stuck her tongue into Janice's pussy from behind, causing her to jump. As Janice continued to suck on Jamie, Sheri began to tongue and suck Janice's pussy, savoring the sweet taste. As James continued to pump his cock into Heather, he felt his balls getting tight. Announcing that he was going to cum, Sheri jumped up from Janice's pussy and quickly moved around to where James was pumping into Heather. As James started to cum, Sheri took his cock from Heather's pussy and stuffed it into her own mouth, sucking their combined juices as James dumped his load into her mouth. When he finished cumming, Sheri leaned over Jamie and kissed her, swirling her tongue around in her mouth, letting her taste her brother's cum. Jamie eagerly sucked on Sheri's tongue, wanting to get as much of a taste of James as she could. Then she started cumming as Janice's tongue drove her over the edge. Humping her pussy against her face, she came and came and came, finally laying exhausted on the floor, her legs open and her pussy gaping open.
"Well, isn't this a nice little group," Sheri said laughing, looking at them all lying there naked, cum dripping from everywhere. "Next time we should invite John to join us, make a little more to go around," she suggested.
"Next time?" Jamie asked. "What next time?"
"We've got to do this again," Sheri declared. "This is really having fun. Anyone not enjoy themselves?"
When no one answered, Sheri nodded. "Okay, until next time," she said, going to gather her clothes.
Everyone grabbed their clothes and got dressed, looking a little sheepishly at each other from time to time. Then they all left, knowing that they'd see each other in school the next day.
As they walked home, Jamie told James how much she had wanted to suck him with the others and to have him suck her. It just didn't seem fair, she said, that they had to pretend. James explained that it was a big difference between them sucking on each other in private and in front of others. He wasn't sure if they'd handle it, he said. It had been hard enough for him to accept.
"You sure were beautiful tonight," Jamie said. "Watching them all suck your cock and seeing you lick them, it was beautiful. But seeing you fuck, watching you shove your cock into Sheri and then Heather, well, that was just beautiful. It looked just like dad's in mom."
"It sure was the most incredible experience I've ever had," James agreed. "When I put my cock into Sheri, I couldn't believe what it felt like. It was so soft and velvety, yet it seemed to massage me, too. It's hard to explain."
"I can't wait to find out," Jamie said. "It looks so nice."
"You'll have time enough," James said, giving her a glance. "There's no hurry."
"That's easy for you to say," Jamie retorted, "you lost your cherry tonight. I've still got mine. And I'll tell you something else, I want you to be the first one for me. I'm not really interested in anyone and I trust you more than anyone in the whole world. I know you'll be gentle and not hurt me."
"What has gotten into you?" James asked. "I can't fuck you, you're my sister."
"Don't worry, I've been taking the pill for over a year for my period. I won't get pregnant."
"Aside from that, we can't."
"Well, you're going to do it to me, that's all I've got to say."
The next day, Art arrived at work somewhat in trepidation. He didn't know yet really how Larry was going to treat what had happened yesterday. As he walked into the office, Dawn greeted him with a big smile, asking if his weekend had been nice. With a smile, Art walked into his office and began to work. He worked hard until lunch time, then as he was getting ready to go for lunch, Larry called him into his office.
"Have some lunch with me," he said. "I had it sent over."
As Art sat down to eat, Larry talked noncommittally about the job they were working on. Then as they were eating, Larry turned on the TV and told Art to watch this new video he had just gotten. As the video started, Art realized that he was looking at his own office. Then the video jumped to when June walked into his office yesterday. As he sat there with his mouth hanging open, Art watched as June came and sat on his desk and pulled up her skirt. He could clearly see her pussy in the video. He looked at Larry and he was smiling, watching Art watch the video. As Art continued to watch, he saw himself fucking June, saw his cock plunging in and out of her as she writhed on his desk. Then he saw Larry walk into his office as he began to cum and stand there and watch them. Then the video ended.
Art sat there in silence. He was stunned. He didn't know what to say. Larry had a video of him fucking June on his desk. What did he want? Larry laughed at the look on Art's face.
"Relax," he said. "It's cool. We have surveillance cameras in every room. They came with the building."
"Why did you do that?" Art asked.
"Oh, it was actually an accident, a lucky one, though," Larry replied. "Do you think June would like to see it," he laughed.
"She'd die if she knew about it. I don't know what she'd do."
"Well, I'd like to show it to her, see if she's interested in letting me try the desk out."
Art looked at Larry in astonishment. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. He was telling him that he wanted to fuck his wife.
"You're talking about my wife," Art said angrily.
"Oh, I don't want to take her from you, nothing like that. I just want to take her for a test ride, as it were. It's nothing personal."
"You're out of your mind," Art said. "This isn't funny."
"No, it's not," Larry agreed. "But let's put it this way, if you don't want me to show her that video, maybe you'd rather I showed her this one, as he started the VCR again.
As Art looked at the video, he saw Dawn walk into his office and stand behind his desk. He almost passed out as he realized what he was going to see. At that moment, Larry paused the tape and called Dawn into the office, looking at Art with a smile on his face. Art looked shocked as Dawn walked into the office. Larry hit the play button and the video continued, showing Dawn leaning over the desk, then turning and pulling his head into her breasts. Dawn laughed as she saw the expression on Art's face in the video. She hadn't been able to see it the other day, her breasts were in the way. As Art watched in horror, he saw Dawn dropping to her knees and blowing him.
As the video ended, Larry laughed. He told Dawn to come around to his side of the desk and pull her skirt up and sit on his desk just like June had done. Giggling, Dawn hiked up her skirt, showing that she didn't wear any underwear, and sat on Larry's desk in front of him, her legs apart and her pussy open and wet. Larry laughed at the look on Art's face as he took his cock out of his pants and pushed it into Dawn. He fucked her for a few minutes, then pulled his cock out, all glistening with her juices.
"Go on, Art, give Dawn a test drive," he said.
Art just sat there mesmerized. He could see Dawn's pussy glistening with Larry's cock dangling in front of it. Larry moved around to Art and pulled him to his feet. Giving him a push, he pushed him in between Dawn's legs where he could see right into her pussy. Dawn reached out and pulled his zipper down, unbuckled his pants and pulled his cock out as they fell. Art couldn't help it as his cock jumped to its full length, throbbing with desire as he looked at Dawn's pussy in front of him. With a cry of rage, he plunged his cock into her, fucking her as hard as he could, pounding her pussy as he tried to vent his rage. He couldn't believe they had those videos. It just wasn't fair. Then just that quickly, he came, pouring his seed into her pussy, filling her. Dawn reached down and squeezed his cock as it pulled out of her, rubbing their juices all over. Art fell into the seat, physically and emotionally drained. Dawn quickly knelt down and licked his cock, sucking it clean before standing up and leaving the office.
"You see," Larry said, "that wasn't so bad. She's a pretty good fuck for a secretary. And she's ready to fuck or suck any time you want. It's just another perk. Don't worry about it. Here, check this out," he said, pushing some buttons.
Then suddenly, there it was, him standing right there pounding Dawn's pussy feverishly. They had everything on tape.
"Now, look," Larry said, "you just get your wife down here so I can show her the tape of you two. I won't show her any of the others. You just leave it up to me. I won't make her do anything she doesn't want to do. Just let me try."
"You don't give me much of a choice," Art said.
"I think it's a hell of a choice," Larry disagreed. "I could just send her a tape of you and Dawn, not say anything at all about the other. I'm willing to do just the opposite. Now, go on, take off for the day, but don't forget to find some reason to send June over here. I'll be expecting her."
Art drove home in a daze, not believing how his world had just come crashing down about his head. As he drove, Art decided on a story to tell June. When he got home, Art told June that he had a headache and that it had made him sick to his stomach. He went in to lie down, asking June to check on him in an hour. When June checked on him an hour later, he said he was feeling a bit better but that he remembered that he had left some important papers on his desk that he would need to go over if he felt better later. He asked her if she minded getting them for him. June said she didn't mind and drove over to the office.
As she got there, the secretary, Dawn, greeted her and Larry came out from his office to say hello. Remembering the day before, June blushed. Larry asked how he could help her and she explained that she had come for some of Art's papers. Larry laughed and said Art worked too hard, that she shouldn't worry about any papers today. As an afterthought, he invited her into his office for a drink. June thought it was a little early for a drink but figured it wouldn't hurt to have one.
As Larry poured them drinks, he asked if she was settling in well in her new house and how she liked the town. June replied that everything was more than she ever could have hoped for and that she was happier than she had ever been. Larry smiled and told her how happy that made him. Then he apologized for having interrupted them the day before. June blushed as she said that they shouldn't have been doing anything like that in the office and that it served them right.
"I must admit," Larry said, "it was quite a sight. You're very beautiful, you know."
June blushed and said she was sure it must have been a sight.
"Would you like to see how it looked to me?" Larry asked with a smile.
June looked puzzled as she asked him what he meant.
"Just that, would you like to see how it looked?"
"How is that possible?" June asked, confused.
"Oh, anything's possible," Larry said with a laugh. "Would you like to see?"
"Well, okay," June said, quickly gulping her drink down. This was getting strange.
Larry moved out from his side of the desk and sat next to June. Picking up the VCR control, he told her to watch. Pushing some buttons, the video started, just showing Art's empty office. June gasped as she realized what he was going to show her, and just at that moment the tape skipped to showing her entering the office. June gasped again as she looked at Larry, who just smiled at her.
As she watched, she saw herself walk around the desk and sit on it, her skirt pulled up and her pussy showing. Pushing the freeze-frame button, Larry turned to her.
"You have a most beautiful pussy, June. It looks particularly tasty."
"What are you doing?" June shouted. "How could you have this?"
Larry chuckled as he hit the button to resume play. June sat there and watched as Art fucked her. If she could get over the horror of the circumstances, she actually enjoyed watching herself in the video. Larry watched her carefully as she watched, noting her posture relaxing as she accepted what she was seeing. Then June saw Larry walk into the office and catch them as Art was cumming. She sat there blushing as the video ended and Larry turned the machine off.
"That was a most inspiring scene," he said. "It's so inspiring that I find myself wanting to try it."
June looked at him in shock. What was he saying?
"Wouldn't you like to try that with me, June?" Larry asked with a smile. "It sure looks like a lot of fun."
"I love my husband," she said. "I could never cheat on him."
"I'm not asking you to cheat on him. I don't want to steal your affections, I just want to sample your body. I find you very attractive."
"Well, you're attractive, too," June said, "but that's not reason for what you suggest. What about your wife?"
"Oh, she's only interested in my happiness," he replied.
"And I'm only interested in Art's," June said. "This wouldn't make him very happy."
"Do you think that would make him more unhappy than losing his job?"
"What are you saying?"
"Well, I don't know if I can continue to employ someone who behaves in such a fashion in the office. I might have to reconsider his employment."
"You can't do that," June cried. "We've sold everything to get here. We have nowhere to go."
"And there's no reason for you to go, either," Larry said. "I hope we all work together and are friends for a long, long time."
"I just have to let you fuck me, though?"
"Well, that is the easiest solution, isn't it?"
"You've got to promise you'll never tell Art," she said. "It would break his heart."
"Oh course," he reassured her. "This will be just between the two of us."
With that, he got to his feet, pulling her to her feet at the same time. As she stood there with her hands clenched at her side, Larry pulled her to him and kissed her, probing in her mouth for her tongue with his. As he continued to kiss her, softly sucking her tongue into his mouth, he could feel her relax. Stepping back, he pulled her pullover over her head, releasing her breasts to his view. Bending forward, he sucked first one, then the other into his mouth, lightly chewing her nipples as they hardened. When he released her skirt, it fell to the ground, leaving her only in her panties. With a little encouragement, June stepped out of them, leaving her naked in front of him.
As he gazed at her body as she stood in front of him, Larry quickly pulled his own clothes off until he was standing naked as well, his cock standing out in front of him. He encouraged her to sit on the edge of his desk, just like she had done for Art. When she hopped up on the desk, he gently pushed her until she was lying on her back, her head dangling off the front of the desk, her feet resting on the desk, her pussy completely open to his gaze.
Sitting in his chair, he pulled up until his face was right in front of her pussy. She could feel his breath on her. Then he leaned forward, dragging his tongue into her pussy and sticking it all the way into her hole, gluing his mouth to her hole and sucking. June moaned as Larry began his oral assault on her pussy. He was driving her nuts with his tongue, flitting here and there as he sucked her. Then he stopped and stood up, quickly moving around the desk to where her head was hanging over. Her eyes widened as she saw him approaching her head. Bending down, he kissed her again, letting her taste herself on him. Then standing, he pushed his cock between her lips, sliding it down her tongue into the back of her throat.
June began to suck his cock. Sucking his cock into her mouth, June licked and sucked it eagerly. Then she bit him lightly on the head of his cock. He jumped about three feet as she smiled at him. Moving back around the desk, he positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy, then pushed, driving his cock all the way in, luxuriating in the feel of her pussy clasping his cock. He could feel her pussy muscles milking him as he pumped his cock in and out of her pussy. As he continued to fuck her, he reached down and began to twist and pull on her clit, causing her to squirm all over the desk. She started to moan as her orgasm overcame her, shaking as her juices drained from her. Then she felt his cock start to spurt inside of her, filling her with his cum.
As he finished cumming, Larry pushed a button on his desk and moved around to her head again, where he presented his gooey cock to her mouth. Opening her mouth, June happily let him fuck her in the mouth, tasting her own pussy all over it. She had always loved the taste of herself and this was no exception. She felt him grab her by the head as he pushed his entire cock into her mouth, filling it, even though it was no longer as hard. At the same moment, June felt someone's breath on her pussy even as she felt a tongue slide up into her. She tried to sit up to see, but Larry held her head firmly as he kept his cock in her mouth. June quickly relaxed as the tongue in her pussy licked and sucked her dry. It really felt wonderful having a cock in her mouth and a mouth on her pussy at the same time. She began to suck with a renewed excitement.
Then just as quickly as it had started, the mouth on her pussy disappeared. Larry pulled his cock from her mouth and helped her to sit up. When she did, she saw Dawn sitting in Larry's seat, pussy juice smeared all over her face.
"Your pussy sure tastes nice, especially with Larry's cum," she said with a smile. "I hope I didn't bother you."
"No, no, that was very nice, actually," June said. "In fact, it was all very nice. I don't feel so bad. But I still don't want you to tell Art," she said. "He wouldn't appreciate it."
Larry and Dawn laughed as they helped June back into her clothes. As she went to leave, Larry said that he thought it would be a good idea if she could work for them on a part-time basis, two or three days a week for a couple of hours each time. It's good to get everyone involved in the business, he said. Since June didn't do anything during the week aside from being a housewife, she said she'd give it a try.
"Good. You can tell Art when you get home," Larry said, kissing her as she left.
June was a little confused as she drove home. She had been totally repelled at the idea when Larry had first suggested fucking her, now she found that she had actually enjoyed it very much, the feel of a strange cock in her pussy and in her mouth, and Dawn sucking her. She had never been with a woman before. She had no idea it was so nice and gentle. When she got home, she checked on Art and his headache was better. When he asked where the papers were, June said that Larry said not to bother. Then she told him about her new job.
Art just sat there with a shocked look on his face as she told him. June couldn't understand his reaction.
"So he showed you the video, didn't he?" he asked.
"What are you talking about," June stammered, blushing.
"You know what video I'm talking about. He showed it to me this morning and told me he'd fire me if I didn't convince you to go to the office somehow."
"You knew what he was going to do?" June asked, shocked.
"I didn't feel like I had a choice. He told me he wouldn't make you do anything you didn't want to do. I sort of thought you'd deal with him."
"Well, when he told me he'd fire you if I didn't do what he wanted, I didn't feel like I had any choice. I know how much this job and the money means to you, to us. I hope you're not mad at me. I didn't know what to do."
"It's not your fault," Art said, holding her. "It's as much my fault as anyone's. I should have found out more about him before accepting the job. If I had known, we'd still be in Oregon."
June was taking a shower when James and Jamie got home. Jamie told her father that she needed him to go with her to a meeting about school, so he left with her after telling June that he'd be back in a couple of hours. As June got out of the shower, she pulled her housecoat from the closet, noticing as she did so the change in light where the hole was. Smiling, she sat on the edge of the bed with her legs spread and began to rub and play with herself, all the while watching the hole.
After a few minutes, she walked to the closet, one hand still in her pussy. Quickly bending down, she called into the hole for James to come out of there right now. Hearing a scrambling from the other side of the wall, June waited for James to come to her room. When he didn't, she walked down the hall to his, knocking on the door.
"I'm doing homework," he shouted from the other side of the door.
"Let me in right now, young man," June said. "You open this door right now."
As James opened the door, June could see that he was frightened as well as embarrassed. James quickly retreated to the bed, where he sat with a pillow on his lap, staring at his mother in her housecoat. It didn't hide much. June stood there looking at him for a minute, then walked over to the closet and opened it up. Bending over to see the hole, she turned to James.
"When did you find that hole?" she asked.
"A couple of weeks ago," he replied quietly, afraid.
"You don't have to be afraid of me," she said. "I'm not going to punish you."
"You're not?" he asked.
"No, of course not. I wanted you to find that hole."
"But why?"
"I thought it would be a good way for you to learn about some things," she said. "I wanted you to know how things were supposed to be, not the way you would hear about them in school from your friends. Did you like watching?" she asked with a smile.
"Yeah."
"What did you like?"
"Gosh, everything."
"Would you like to see it without having to look through the hole?"
"What do you mean?"
"If you'd like, you can look at me right here, not have to look through the hole to see."
"Gosh, really?"
"If you want to. You only have to ask me. There's nothing to be ashamed of, that's what I'm trying to teach you."
"What about dad?"
"Your father doesn't know about the hole."
"He doesn't?"
"No. I haven't told him. It's our little secret."
Seeing the look on his face, she asked, "You haven't told anyone about this, have you?"
"No, no. But --"
"But what? You haven't told anyone, have you?" June insisted.
"Well, no, but Jamie caught me looking one day."
"Jamie did?"
"Yeah."
"Did she look too?"
"Uh-huh."
"And what did she say?"
"She thinks it's beautiful, that's her word."
"And you, what do you think?"
"It's more than beautiful to me."
"So, back to my question, would you like to see me like this, not through the hole?"
"If you want me to. I mean, sure."
With that, June moved over and sat on the edge of the bed next to James. It was hard to realize that this was her 18-year-old son. He was so big already. Opening her housecoat, June let it fall to her waist, showing her breasts to James. James gasped as he saw them right in front of his eyes. They were bigger than the ones he had seen recently.
"You can touch them if you'd like," June said. "Go ahead and feel them."
Hesitantly, James reached out a hand and stroked one of her breasts. When she didn't move away, he got a little bolder, cupping them in his hands, feeling their weight. Then he squeezed her nipples, watching them as they quickly grew and stood out from her breasts.
"You see how sensitive they are?" June asked. "You should always remember that."
Standing up, June let the housecoat fall to the floor, standing there naked in front of her son. She liked the way he gazed at her, so full of awe. He wouldn't be in such awe if he knew what his mother had done today, she thought. Standing in front of him, she slowly turned around, letting him see her. Sitting back down on his bed, June lay back.
"I want to show you what a woman looks like and how things work," she said. "You watch closely," she said as she opened her legs, drawing her knees up, exposing her pussy to his view.
James gasped as he saw his mother's pussy right in front of him. He could see how soft and downy her hair was, barely covering her slit. Using her hands, June pulled her pussy lips open, showing him the inside of her pussy. As James stared with his mouth hanging open, June showed him her clit with her fingers, then showed him her hole, letting a finger slide into it.
"Go ahead, touch it, explore a little," June said, still holding her pussy lips open.
She watched him lean closer, his face almost in her pussy. He hesitantly reached out a finger and let it glide up and down the length of her pussy, outlining the inner and outer lips, circling her clit before pressing on it, then finally pushing a finger into her. Propping herself up on her elbows to watch him, June smiled. He was such a sweet boy.
"You've seen that the only things you can do with two people is with your hands, your mouth, and your own cock. You've seen your father licking me?"
"Yes."
"And what did you think of that?"
"It looked nice," he said.
"You try it, just like you did with your fingers. You won't hurt me and I'd rather you learned it from me the proper way."
"You're sure?"
"Go ahead. I'm your mother, remember."
Very slowly James bent his face to his mother's pussy. Cautiously flicking his tongue out, he tasted her. She had a nice taste, so James let his tongue trail up and down her pussy, circling her clit before pushing on it, then sliding down to her hole, where he pushed his tongue into her, lightly sucking her pussy. Then he looked up at his mother.
"You do that very nicely," she said. "You learned that watching your father?"
"Uh-huh."
"Well, you learned very well. Remember, any time you want to know something about sex or you want to learn to do something, you can come to me. This will be our secret. We won't tell your father. Also, you can keep watching us through the hole. It's a good way to learn," she said as she pulled her housecoat back on. "Now, you study and your father and sister should be back soon."
With that she left the room, returning to her own room to take a nap and reflect on the most outrageous day of her life. She had to have that talk with James, he had been watching for a couple of weeks now. It was necessary to explain things to him. He had proved remarkably unshy about seeing and touching her. It had to be because he was used to seeing her through the hole. That turned out to be a wonderful thing.
When his mother left his room, James just about died. He couldn't believe his mother had come in here like that and let him see and touch her body. She was really something. He couldn't wait to see his father with her again. Now he had a totally new appreciation for her. She smelled so good and her taste had been very interesting. He wished he had had the nerve to continue eating her. He was sure her cum tasted wonderful. How was he going to tell Jamie about this? Could he tell Jamie about this?
The next day when Art went to work, Dawn greeted him with a kiss and Larry came out of his office.
"Now, there's no problem, is there?" he asked. "June was all right when she got home?"
"No, no problem, and yes, she's fine."
"Good. Why don't you give her a call and ask her to come in around 2:00 today. Mary's coming in and she can sort of show her around."
"Sure, no problem," Art replied.
When June arrived at 2:00, Mary was already there. She was a very pretty woman, not very tall, but with a beautiful face and what seemed to be a wonderful body. As she took June under her wing, she took her around the office, explaining what was kept where and how it all fit together. When she finished with the tour, she left her in Art's office and went to join Larry in his. After sitting for about five minutes, Larry buzzed and asked them to join them in his office for a drink. As they went to Larry's office, they noticed that Dawn had gone for the day.
Entering Larry's office, they were greeted by the sight of Larry plunging his cock into Mary's pussy while she sat on the desk in a now all-too-familiar position. As they hesitated, Larry exhorted them to come on in, that they were among friends now. Mary turned her head and smiled at them as she saw their shocked looks.
"Come on in, sit down," he shouted. "We don't mind, do we?"
Mary laughed as he continued to plunge his cock in and out of her pussy.
"Let's watch a movie," Larry suggested, hitting the button to start the video.
Art and June watched in surprise as the video started. First of all, they couldn't believe that Larry had deliberately asked them into his office while he was fucking his wife on his desk. The fact that Mary didn't seem to mind also seemed strange to them. As the video started, it showed Mary lying on the desk naked, Larry plunging his cock in and out of her mouth, completely burying it in her throat each time he plunged forward. They could also see someone kneeling between her thighs, sucking her pussy. As they watched, Dawn looked up from the snack she had been enjoying, pussy juice smeared all over her face. Smiling at Larry, she returned to her feasting frenzy.
Art and June were shocked seeing Larry fucking her face while Dawn sucked on Mary's pussy. As Larry noticed the looks on their faces, he laughed.
"Mary's got one of the sweetest pussies in the whole world," he explained. "Anyone would enjoy eating it. Dawn certainly does every chance she gets."
Pulling his cock out of her pussy, glistening with her juices, Larry invited Art to come take a look and see for himself what a sweet pussy she had. As he hesitated, Mary turned around on the desk, propping her feet up on the edge, knees apart, giving them an unimpeded view of her pussy, which just so happened to be completely bald. Art's eyes bugged out as he took in Mary's shaved pussy, her clit sticking out from between her parted lips.
"That's really something, isn't it?" Larry asked proudly. "Go on, Art, give it a try. Have a lick or just go ahead and fuck her if you'd like."
As June gasped in shock upon hearing this offer, she couldn't help but stare at Mary's pussy. She had never imagined anything like it. It sort of looked like a little girl's pussy. As Art stutteringly demurred, Larry commented that turnabout was fair play. June looked at him in shock as he said this. He had promised that he wouldn't say anything.
"Here," Larry said, "let's watch another video."
As he pushed some buttons, they all saw on the video Larry sitting at his desk and then June entering the office. June gasped as she realized that he had taped her visit of the day before. She couldn't believe he was going to show this to Art, especially with Mary there. As Art stood there in disbelief, he was watching Larry embracing June, kissing her as he pulled her clothes off. He watched as Larry positioned her on his desk, then bent to suck her pussy. Glancing at June, he could see she was blushing as she watched him seeing her sucked. Then he gasped as Larry walked around the desk and put his cock into her open and seemingly willing mouth. He watched as June enthusiastically sucked his cock for a few minutes, then Larry moved back around the desk where he began fucking her. Then Art saw Larry cum, pumping his load into June's pussy as she writhed on the desk in pleasure.
As Art watched Larry come around the desk to present his cum smeared cock to June's mouth again, he saw Larry fucking her mouth with the same vigor he had used on her pussy. Then he saw Dawn walk into the office and move around the desk to sit between June's legs. In shock, he watched as Dawn glued her mouth to June's pussy and began sucking. He saw June try to sit up to see who was sucking her pussy, but Larry restrained her head as he continued to pump his cock into her mouth. The video ended as Dawn sat up, cum smeared on her smiling face and Larry's cock hanging limp by her head.
Art turned to look at June as the video ended. He couldn't believe that she had fucked and sucked Larry, especially that she hadn't told him the details of what had happened. Seeing the look on his face, June blushed.
"He told me he would fire you if I didn't do what he wanted, and he promised me that he'd never tell you," she said. "I'm so sorry. I just didn't know what to do."
"Hey, you two, it's no big deal," Larry said. "Now we all know and there's nothing to hide. We can all be friends and work together much better. Now, Art, why don't you come on over here and see what you're missing," Larry said, stroking his fingers through Mary's pussy.
"Yes, Art, come suck me a little," Mary implored, running her fingers through her pussy, then licking them off. "Use your tongue on me, then fuck me. You don't really mind, do you, June?" she asked. "I mean, if Larry got you, it's only fair that Art gets me too."
"No, I don't mind," June said dully. "I don't mind anything anymore. What's the point?"
"That's the attitude," Larry said as Mary pulled Art over to sit at the desk, presenting her pussy to him. "Go ahead, suck her."
Art looked at June, who was staring at him sitting between Mary's thighs. When he saw her nod slightly, he turned his attention to the bald pussy in front of him. He had never seen one like it. Bending forward, he licked the entire length of her pussy with his tongue, tasting her and feeling the incredible smoothness of her shaven pussy. As he began to suck her in earnest, Larry moved over next to June and began to caress her breasts, rubbing them as they watched Art eating Mary's pussy. As Art continued to loudly slurp Mary's pussy, Larry pulled June's skirt up and pushed his hand into her pussy, rubbing it. June leaned against him as she began to get turned on, all the while watching as Art sucked Mary. Then Art stood up, dropping his pants and freeing his cock. As June watched in fascination, Art plunged his cock into Mary, even as Larry was pushing his fingers into her. As Art began to pump his cock in and out of Mary's pussy, Larry bent her over the desk so that her face was just inches from Art's cock as it plunged in and out, glistening with Mary's juices each time he pulled back. She felt Larry lifting her skirt and then felt his cock pressing into her pussy from behind, even as Art continued to pump Mary.
As Larry pumped his cock into her pussy, Art's cock pumping into Mary right in front of her eyes, June felt herself really getting turned on. This was more exciting than she had ever thought possible. As she was getting fucked, watching Art's cock slide in and out of Mary's pussy, June reached over and began to rub Mary's clit, twisting and pulling on it as Art fucked her. Mary began to writhe and moan as her orgasm began to wash over her. At the same time, June could see Art stiffen as he began to cum in Mary's pussy, ramming his cock all the way in as he emptied himself in her. As he finished cumming, June grabbed his cock and began to lick it, tasting Mary's pussy as well as Art's cum on it as she began to suck it clean. Art stood there mesmerized as June sucked the combined juices from his cock as Larry was pumping his cock in and out of her pussy.
Mary, meanwhile, had gotten up from the desk and was kneeling next to where Larry was pumping his cock in and out of June's pussy. As she saw him beginning to cum, Mary pulled his cock from June's pussy and began to suck it as he finished dumping his load into her mouth. Then she pushed her face between June's ass cheeks and began to suck her pussy, drinking up her juices as well as the cum Larry had managed to deposit in her before she had pulled him out. June was writhing as she felt Mary's tongue in her pussy, sucking her.
When Mary stopped, June just lay there on the desk, totally spent, while Art sat back in the chair. Larry stood there with a big smile on his face.
"Now, that wasn't so bad, was it?" he asked. "What do you say Art, you like Mary's pussy?"
"It was wonderful, just wonderful," he sighed, exhausted. He could see the spent and happy look on June's face as she lay on the desk.
Larry helped June to her feet, kissing her as he did so. Mary moved to sit back on the desk, her feet up and her pussy gaping open, oozing cum.
"Come lick me clean, June," she implored, rubbing her clit. "You suck me too."
Art sat there in amazement as Larry nudged June to kneel in front of Mary's wide-open pussy. As she lowered her face towards the gooey mess in front of her, June could smell Art's cum as well as Mary's pungent odor. Flicking her tongue out, she tasted Mary, then began to lick her pussy all over, sticking her tongue into her as she sucked all of Art's cum from her pussy. When she had finished, she stood up, cum smeared all over her face, a big smile and shining eyes. She had really enjoyed that. She had had no idea how nice sucking a pussy could be. Now she understood why Art and now Larry liked sucking her.
Larry walked over to the VCR and popped out the tape, offering it to Art.
"Here, you can watch this at home," he said. "You might like it. Meanwhile, we're all friends now and there shouldn't be any secrets between us any more, not any jealousy. We can all enjoy each other without any strings or problems, can't we?"
Art nodded as he accepted the tape, then began pulling his pants up.
"Why don't you two come over to dinner on Friday," he said. "The kids will be out and we can eat and talk about this," waving the tape.
"Sure, that sounds great," Larry said.
"Well, I've got some shopping to do," Mary said, arranging her clothes. "Thanks both of you very much. I really enjoyed this. I can't wait to do it again."
As they drove home, June and Art were quiet. They neither could think of anything to say. Finally June spoke.
"So, did you like Mary?"
"She was fine, very beautiful," he replied. "What about you, how do you feel about me and her?"
"Well, at first I wasn't sure, but then watching you two, it was so sexy seeing your cock doing her. I got real excited. Are you pissed off because Larry did me?"
"It definitely bothered me at first," he admitted, "but then I saw how much you were enjoying it and it was hard to be mad."
"I'm so glad," June said, hugging him. "Let's get home and check out this video, see how it turned out."
**********
Meanwhile, back at the house James and Jamie had gotten home from school and found the house empty. As they went into James' room to do their homework together, Jamie turned to James.
"James, you've got to talk to me about the other night," she insisted.
"What's there to talk about?" he asked.
"You know what I mean," she answered.
"I don't want to talk about it," he said.
"Well, I do," Jamie replied, shutting her book and closing his too. "I've been so horny since the other night, I could scream. It was just so exciting."
"Yeah, it was," he agreed.
Jamie moved over to James' bed and sat on it.
"So, what's the problem?"
Then James told her what had happened the day before with their mother. Jamie sat there in shock as he recounted how she had stripped in front of him and encouraged him to play with her.
"Wow, I can't believe it," Jamie said. "Mom came on to you."
"No, she didn't," he said, "she said she just wanted me to know some things."
"Then why didn't she tell me too?"
"I don't know," he shrugged.
"Show me what you did," Jamie said, pulling her shirt off and releasing her breasts. "Touch my breasts the way you did to her."
"This is silly, Jamie," he said.
"Please," she implored, tugging him by the hand, "show me."
James reluctantly moved over to the bed and began to stroke her breasts, whose nipples quickly exploded into hardness. As she encouraged him, he began to suck on first one, then the other as she held his head against her. Then quickly pulling the rest of her clothes off and laying back on her elbows, Jamie told him to show him what else he had done. James just stared at her pussy winking at him. Sighing in resignation, he began to trace her pussy with his fingers, then pushed one finger into her hole as far as he could. Jamie just sighed as she watched him play with her.
"Now suck me like you did her," she insisted. "But first take your clothes off," she said, reaching over to help him.
When she had him completely naked, she lay back, her legs wide open. James sighed as he bent to her exposed pussy. It was different than his mother's, he could see that, but he knew how nice it tasted as he lowered his face to her pussy, running his tongue into it and swirling it around her clit. Jamie sighed as he began to eat her. She had been dying for him to do this again. As he began to suck her in earnest, Jamie encouraged him to swing his legs around so that she could suck him as he did her. As she sucked his cock into her mouth, she felt transformed. She really liked sucking his cock. It felt so good and smooth in her mouth, and the feelings from his tongue in her pussy were really turning her on. Jamie tried to suck his cock all the way down into her throat, choking slightly as it pressed deep in her throat. She felt him plunging his tongue into her pussy, swirling it around in her hole as he sucked her. Then she felt his balls contract as he began to cum in her mouth, filling her mouth with his seed even as she felt her own orgasm shake her. Sucking his cock as hard as she could, Jamie swallowed all of his cum.
As they lay there spent, their faces resting in between each other's legs, Jamie felt really contented. This was what life was about, she thought. Even her parents were always fucking and sucking whenever they had the chance it seemed. Sitting up, Jamie told him that Heather's parents were away and that she had invited them over that night along with Sheri and Janice. She added that maybe John was going to be there too. When James didn't reply, Jamie quickly bit him lightly on the head of his cock, making him jump up.
"Well, will you go with me?" she asked.
"I guess so," he said.
"You don't sound so enthusiastic," she said. "Didn't you like the other night?"
"It was fine, I just don't know about John."
Jamie quickly told him about watching Sheri with John the night before he first went out with her. She added that he had a nice body and that she wouldn't mind seeing him fuck Sheri, too. James laughed as he thought of that scenario.
"Yeah, that might be fun at that," he laughed. "What the heck, let's do it."
After they finished their dinner that evening, James and Jamie went to Heather's. When they got there, Sheri, Janice, and John were already there. They were all drinking vodka and seemed a little drunk. Sheri hugged Jamie and gave James a big kiss.
"Where have you guys been? We've been waiting for you," she said.
"Waiting for what?" Jamie asked.
"We're going to play a game," she answered with a smile. "You'll love it."
"What game?" James asked curiously.
"Stripped poker," Sheri answered, reaching over and squeezing his cock through his pants as everyone laughed.
"I think I need a drink of that vodka then," James said with a rueful grin. "You guys seem to have a head start on us."
As James and Jamie each got a glass of vodka, Sheri brought out two decks of cards, one regular one and one with pictures of naked people in various poses on the back.
"What's that deck for?" James asked.
"You'll see," Sheri said. "I'll explain everything as we go."
As they sat down on the floor and began to play, Jamie sat next to James, feeling a little nervous. She was excited but also a bit nervous for some reason. It probably had to do with the way John had been staring at her since they had arrived. After several hands, everyone was in some state of undress, with James down to just his shorts and Sheri and Janice in bra and panties. After the next hand, Jamie lost and was reduced to her panties and T-shirt. With the next hand, John and Heather lost, with John reduced to his underwear and Heather had to take her shirt off, revealing her braless breasts. Everyone whistled in appreciation as she blushed. Very quickly, Janice and Sheri lost and had to remove their bras. As everyone looked on expectantly, they pulled their tops off, revealing their breasts. Sheri's nipples were hard and she rubbed them quickly. Janice blushed as her breasts were exposed. Then James lost and had to take off his underwear. Blushing, he pulled them off, revealing his cock, which was already hardening. Sheri licked her lips as he sat down, his cock swinging. Then Sheri lost and she quickly pulled her panties off, smiling broadly as everyone stared at her. Very quickly, everyone was reduced to a state of nudity. Jamie was particularly attentive as John pulled his underwear off, showing his cock. Up close it seemed even nicer than it had when she had seen it from the study a few nights before.
Now that they were all naked, Sheri explained, the other set of cards came in handy. Whoever lost had to pick a card from the new deck and do what it said to the winner.
"What do they say?" Janice asked.
"You'll find out when you pick one," Sheri said. "Don't worry, this is fun."
So they dealt the first hand and Jamie won with John, Sheri and Heather the losers.
"Okay," Sheri said, "since the three of us lost, we cut the deck and the low card is the loser."
After they cut cards, Sheri had the low card. With a laugh, she turned over the first card from the new deck. Everyone could see that it said KISS on it. With a smile, she crawled over to Jamie and gave her a kiss on the mouth, just a friendly kiss. Everyone applauded and they dealt the next hand. This time, Heather won and John lost. Turning the card over, it said MASSAGE. John moved over behind her and gave her neck and shoulders a brief massage. After the third hand, Janice won and James lost. Turning the card over, again it said KISS. With a big smile, James moved over to Janice and kissed her, a deep, swirling, French kiss that lasted for a couple of minutes. Everyone applauded as they stopped, Janice's face flushed with excitement and her nipples hard now.
Eagerly they played the next hand, which John won and Jamie lost. Turning the card over, it said SUCK breast. Everyone laughed as they saw the look on Jamie's face. Quickly she moved over to John and sucked a nipple into her mouth, rolling it around for a few seconds before stopping. Everyone laughed as they dealt the next hand. This time James won and Heather lost. As she turned the card over, they could all see that it said CROTCH RUB. Everyone held their breath as Heather moved over to James with a big smile on her face. Reaching between his legs, she grabbed his cock and squeezed it, then began to pump it in her fist. After a few minutes, she stopped, James' cock sticking straight up in the air.
After the next hand, Sheri won and Janice lost. Turning the card over, it said SUCK breast. As everyone laughed, Janice blushed and moved over to Sheri, sucking one of her hard nipples into her mouth, then tried to suck the rest of her breast in. It was too big so she contented herself with sucking her nipple for a minute before stopping. Everyone applauded as she moved back to her place, her face blazing with embarrassment. Jamie won the next hand and Sheri lost. Turning the card over, she laughed out loud as she saw it said KISS CROTCH. Everyone stared at Jamie as she blushed. Sheri crawled over and pushed her backwards until she was lying on the floor. Then prying her legs apart, she bent over and gave Jamie's pussy a big, wet kiss, drawing her tongue through her pussy as she did so. Everyone sighed as she sat up, a big smile on her face.
With the next hand, John won and Heather and Janice tied for low card. Sheri explained that they would both have to pick a card. As Heather turned her card over, it too said KISS CROTCH. Janice's card said SIT ON FACE. Everyone laughed at the look on John's face as he saw the cards. Heather quickly crawled over to him, pushing him backwards. Then she glued her lips around his cock and loudly sucked the head of it, teasing with her tongue as she kissed him. Sitting back up with a grin, she told Janice it was her turn. Janice blushed as she straddled John's face, then lowered herself until her pussy was pressed on his face. Everyone could see John's tongue snake out of his mouth to probe her pussy as she rubbed her clit on his nose. After a minute, Sheri told them they had to stop now, that they had done enough. Everyone laughed as Janice slowly got off of his face, which was glistening with her pussy juice.
After the next hand, Jamie won and James lost. Everyone looked uncertain as to what to do, but Jamie said to go ahead, he had to turn a card over. Everyone held their breath expectantly as James turned the card over. It said one word, SUCK. James looked dismayed as he saw this and Sheri quickly said that anyone could pick someone else to take their turn if they didn't like or weren't comfortable with their card. As James looked around the circle, Jamie said that it was just a game and that she didn't mind. Everyone gasped as they understood what she was saying. Looking at James, Jamie asked him if he was afraid to take his turn. James just blushed as everyone looked at him.
"Come on, James," Jamie encouraged, "just play the game. It's no big deal to me."
Sheri's eyes almost bugged out of her head as Jamie lay back, drawing her knees up and apart to expose her pussy. James looked uncomfortable as they all stared at him.
"Does anyone want to take my turn?" he asked softly.
"Sure," chimed in John, Sheri, and Heather at the same time.
"You do it James," Jamie said, "it was your card," as she stroked herself with her fingers.
Everyone's eyes were on James as he moved over to his sister, his face flushed with embarrassment. You could have heard a pin drop as he bent over, moving his face to her pussy. Taking a big breath, he stuck his tongue out and let it slide the length of Jamie's pussy. All you could hear was everyone's breathing, which quickened as James again let his tongue run up the length of Jamie's pussy. Jamie then reached down and pulled her pussy lips open with her hands, exposing the interior of her pink pussy, her clit standing up and moisture pooling inside. Then James stuck his tongue into her pussy, letting it stick up into her hole as he began to suck on her. He could hear the rest of them panting as he ate Jamie. He couldn't believe that she had encouraged him to do this in front of everyone, but as he began to relax, he began to suck with gusto. He really did like eating his sister, and from her moans and twitching, it was obviously she liked it too. After a few minutes, Sheri told them that that was enough. Sitting up, James' face was covered with Jamie's pussy juice. Jamie sat up, a big smile on her face.
"From where I was, it was just a tongue in my pussy," she said, "but it sure was a nice tongue," she said, smiling at James who was blushing.
Sheri laughed and kissed James, licking some of Jamie's juices from his face. After the next hand, which Janice won and Jamie lost, Jamie turned a card over. It said BLOWJOB. Everyone laughed at the look on Janice's face. Jamie blushed, but moved over to Janice, pushing her back and quickly burying her face in her pussy, licking and sucking her with delight. John and James stared in fascination as Jamie sucked Janice, teasing her hole with her tongue and sucking on her clit. When Sheri tried to tell them that they had done enough, John interrupted, saying that a blowjob always ended in an orgasm. They all laughed as Jamie increased the tempo of her oral assault on Janice, who was writhing on the floor moaning in delight. Then Janice gave a little shout as her orgasm began to shake her body, her juices running into Jamie's eagerly sucking mouth. When Janice had quit cumming and Jamie had licked her dry, she sat up, a look of smug satisfaction on her face.
"How was it?" John asked, his face flushed.
"Nice," Jamie said, "sweet."
"Oh, God, it was wonderful," Janice said as she sat up. "That was just wonderful."
Everyone applauded and they played the next hand. This time James won and Sheri lost. Eagerly reaching for the deck, Sheri turned the card over. It said SIT ON FACE. With a cry of delight, she hurried over to James and jumped on his face, rubbing her pussy all over as he tried to probe her slit with his tongue. After a few minutes, Sheri hopped off, rubbing herself.
"This is fun, isn't it?" she inquired.
Everyone laughed and they played the next hand. This time Heather won and Sheri and John lost. Turning over their cards, Sheri's said SUCK and John's said BE SUCKED. As everyone laughed, Sheri dove between Heather's legs and began to noisily munch away, loudly slurping her pussy. At the same time, John moved to Heather's head and presented his cock to her mouth, which opened eagerly to suck him in. As everyone watched, Heather sucked his cock all the way into her mouth as Sheri continued to loudly eat her. As John knelt there, Heather slurped and sucked his cock until Sheri looked up and announced that time was up.
Everyone laughed at the look on John's face as he took his raging cock from Heather's eager mouth. With the next hand, Sheri won and John lost. Turning the card over, everyone could see that it only had one word on it, FUCK. Everyone gasped as they realized what was coming. Sheri eagerly lay on her back, her legs open as John crawled between her thighs. Rubbing his cock against her pussy to wet it, he then pushed it into her pussy, causing Sheri to grunt as he filled her. As they watched in fascination, John began to pump his cock in and out of Sheri's eager pussy, causing her to grunt each time he bottomed out. After a few minutes of this, John groaned as he came, pumping his load into her pussy as everyone applauded. After he finished cumming, he sat back, his cock glistening with their juices and limp in his lap. Sheri sat up and crawled over to him, giving him a kiss and then proceeded to lick their combined juices from his cock. When she finished, she sat up beaming.
Everyone turned their attention back to the game as they played the next hand. This time, Sheri again won and Janice lost. Turning the card over, it said SUCK CROTCH. As everyone looked on, Janice crawled over to Sheri and began to suck on her gooey pussy, which was oozing the combined juices of John's orgasm and Sheri's. Janice quickly lapped up all the cum in Sheri's pussy before she sat up. After the next hand, James won and Jamie lost. Everyone looked at them as Jamie quickly turned a card over. BLOWJOB it said. They looked at her expectantly, figuring she would pick one of them to take her turn. Instead, with a smile, she crawled over to James, who had a shocked look on his face, and grabbed his cock in her hand. Grinning, she opened her mouth and let James' cock slide into it, letting her tongue bath it as it slid to the back of her mouth. Then she began to suck it in earnest, teasing the head with her tongue and sucking it all the way into her throat. Everyone held their breath as they watched Jamie blowing her brother, who was sitting with his head thrown back, eyes closed as she sucked him. As she felt him beginning to cum, Jamie held his cock in her hands and directed the stream of cum that came shooting out into her mouth, holding it so that they could all see him cumming in her mouth. Then she quickly swallowed it all and sucked the last drops from the end of his cock before sitting back up.
There was a deafening silence in the room as everyone sat there. They couldn't believe that Jamie had just sucked her brother off and swallowed his cum. It was too much to believe. Jamie smiled as she looked at them and started to deal the next hand. This time, Heather won and James lost. As he turned the card over, it said FUCK on it. With a laugh, James pointed at his now limp cock and declared that he wasn't up to it, at which everyone laughed. Heather said she had something that might help him and jumped up and ran into the other room. When she returned, she was holding a nice big dildo in her hands. Everyone gasped as she tossed it on the ground in the middle of the circle.
"It's just a toy that I have," she explained. "If you can't fuck me with your dick, use that," she said, laying back and spreading her legs.
James laughed and grabbed the dildo in his hands, then told Heather to get on her hands and knees. As she did, presenting her pussy to them from behind, James began to rub the dildo in her pussy, getting it nice and wet. Then he positioned it at the entrance to her pussy and slowly pushed it in, working it back and forth until the entire length was buried in her pussy except for the bit he was holding. He then began to work it in and out as Heather moaned. With his other hand, James reached under her and began to squeeze her clit and pull on it, causing her to writhe from the combined assault. Then she started to moan as her orgasm began to shake her. Quickly pulling the dildo from her pussy, James quickly fastened his mouth on her pussy, sucking it as she came, lapping up all her juices until she fell forward on the ground, totally spent.
"That was nice," she said, "but I want the real thing eventually."
Everyone laughed as they played the next hand. This time, Janice won and Sheri lost. Sheri turned the card over and it said FUCK also. Laughing, Sheri asked how this was going to work. Janice blushed as she explained that she was a virgin. Sheri picked up the dildo and said she could help her over that if she wanted. Everyone laughed, but Janice said that she didn't think that she wanted that thing stuck up her. At that moment, John volunteered to take Sheri's turn. Everyone looked at Janice then, who looked to see that John's cock was indeed standing at attention. Looking uncertain, Janice didn't say anything. Sheri encouraged her to try it, saying that they would all help to make sure it didn't hurt. After a few minutes of first Sheri, then Heather and John encouraging her, Janice said she'd try.
Sheri suggested that she get on her hands and knees as it would be easier for her and that they could help better that way. Blushing, Janice assumed the position, her pussy peeking at them from between her legs. Sheri quickly leaned over and sucked on John's cock, slobbering all over it in an attempt to wet it thoroughly. Then they all leaned close as John positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy. Slowly rubbing the head of his cock in her pussy, which Sheri and Heather were holding open from either side, he gently pushed his cock against her hole until the head of it slipped in. Janice gave a little cry as she felt his cock stretching her. Drawing his cock back out, John again rubbed it all over her pussy, then pushed the head of it back in her hole, which went in a little easier. Then slowly working his cock back and forth, little by little he pushed it in, slowly pumping in and out in an attempt to work his cock into her. When he came up against the barrier of her virginity, Janice gave a little cry as he pressed. Sheri quickly reassured her that it was almost done, that it might hurt a little. Janice braced herself as John pushed harder. Suddenly his cock plunged all the way in as Janice gave a cry. As John knelt there with his cock buried in Janice's pussy, she whimpered from the pain of her deflowering. Jamie quickly moved to her head and stroked her, kissing her softly until she stopped sobbing. Then Janice announced that she thought she could continue and John began to slowly move his cock back and forth, in and out of her pussy.
As he picked up the pace, Janice would gasp every time he pushed all the way in. Then as her pussy grew used to the feeling of his cock working back and forth in her, she relaxed a little and began to thrust her ass back at him as he pumped her. John was beside himself with delight as he felt her tight pussy clasping his cock as he pumped in and out of her pussy. The sensation was almost too much to bear. At the same time, Sheri had reached under her and was massaging her clit, increasing her pleasure as John fucked her. Then John groaned as his balls spasmed and plunged his cock all the way in as he began to shoot his cum into her. He came for what seemed like minutes before stopping. Janice had collapsed onto the ground, only her ass still up in the air, John's cock impaled in her pussy. As John pulled his cock out of her pussy, they all helped her to lay on her back, her knees up and her pussy open. They could see a little blood from her deflowering and John's cum oozing from her pussy. Sheri bent over and kissed her pussy, then began to softly lick and suck on it, gently sucking all the cum from her pussy before stopping. Heather, meanwhile, had taken John's cock into her mouth and sucked it clean. James was gently sucking on Janice's breasts while Jamie was stroking her face and kissing her. Then Janice pushed up to a sitting position, a look of exhaustion on her face along with a wry smile.
"That wasn't quite what I imagined it would be like," she said.
It had hurt a bit, she confessed, but having all of them there to help her sure was nice. She hugged and kissed each of them in turn as they congratulated her. As Sheri reached for the cards to deal another hand, James said that he and Jamie needed to get home, that they had a curfew. Sheri started to complain, but John and Janice said that they, too, had curfews. As they all dressed, they agreed to get together again and just fuck and suck, no cards needed.
James and Jamie walked home together, James' arm around her shoulders.
"I really can't believe you insisted on me eating you and you giving me a blowjob in front of everyone," James said. "You didn't have to do it. None of them even thought of us having to do anything to each other."
"I did it because I wanted to," Jamie replied. "I'm not ashamed of what we do and I didn't care if they saw us. Actually, it sort of turns me on to know that people are watching me. I guess I'm like mom, huh?"
"I'll say," James agreed.
As they approached their house, they noticed that a light was on in the living room. Quietly entering the house through the kitchen door, they could see that the TV was on but there was no sound coming from it. Looking into the living room, they could see their parents on the floor in front of the sofa in front of the television. They were both naked, kissing and fondling each other as they watched the television. Looking at the TV, James suddenly realized that he was seeing his father on the screen. Looking closer, he realized that his father was fucking some other woman on a desk. Poking Jamie with his elbow, he pointed at the screen. Jamie looked at it for a moment and then gasped as she realized what she was seeing.
The stood there for almost 15 minutes watching the video play, seeing both their parents fucking and sucking with other people. At the same time, their parents were keeping up with the video themselves as they fucked and sucked on the floor in front of the video. Then James quietly backed out of the kitchen, pulling Jamie after him and going to his room.
"I can't believe that," James exclaimed. "They were fucking other people, and they even have a video of it to watch."
"Pretty amazing, isn't it?" Jamie agreed. "I didn't know they were like that."
"Well, after the last week or two, I don't know why anything shocks me anymore," James said.
"How about let's pick up where we left off at Heather's," Jamie suggested, pulling her shorts off and spreading her legs, stroking herself. "Take your clothes off," she demanded, reaching for him.
James needed no encouragement this time as he quickly stripped and dove into Jamie's pussy, driving his tongue into her as he began to suck. Jamie responded by eagerly grabbing his cock and sucking it into her mouth. They sucked in a frenzy for a couple of minutes, then Jamie sat up, quickly straddling him.
"I want you to fuck me now," she said, reaching down between her legs to grasp his cock. "You don't have any excuses that make any sense and I'm so horny I could just die, especially after seeing Janice do it tonight. I was so jealous, but I want you to do it for me."
James was helpless to protest as Jamie positioned his cock in her pussy, rubbing it back and forth as she moistened it before placing it at the entrance to her pussy hole. Firmly holding him, she began to wriggle her ass as she lowered herself onto his cock. As James' cock pressed just into her pussy, Jamie grunted as she felt it stretch her. It seemed so big now, filling her with just the head of his cock into her. Pressing down harder, James' cock slid right up against her cherry. With a determined look, Jamie suddenly impaled herself on his cock, driving it all the way in as she plunged downward.
For a minute she just sat there, savoring the feel of his cock stuffing her pussy, feeling it throb within her, even as she felt her own pussy muscles contracting and squeezing his cock. Then she slowly began to ride up and down on him, letting the feeling of his cock course through her body. As her juices began to flow, Jamie began to ride more easily on his cock, really grinding herself into him as she fucked him. Her face was flushed as red as her hair as she bounced up and down on James' cock.
James was just out of it with delight. He couldn't believe the feeling of Jamie's pussy squeezing his cock as she rode up and down on him. Sheri and Heather had been nothing compared to this. James found it hard to control his rising excitement as Jamie rode faster and faster on his cock, furiously driving herself and him to orgasm. As James felt his balls start to spasm and spurt his cum up into her pussy, he reached down and grabbed her clit in his fingers and squeezed and twisted, causing Jamie to moan and start to twitch as her own orgasm took her. It seemed to James that he must have pumped gallons of cum into her before he stopped cumming. Jamie fell forward on top of him, kissing him and sucking his tongue as she thanked him over and over. Then she crawled down to his now limp cock and began to lick and suck their combined goo from him. Jamie found the taste of herself on his cock very exciting and sucked him until she could taste no more. All of this sucking had caused James' cock to begin to grow again, so Jamie continued to suck it, trying to open her throat to fit more of his cock in her mouth.
When she had him hard again, Jamie rolled over on her back, her knees up and held wide apart, her newly deflowered pussy spread open, their combined cum oozing from her with a few flecks of blood mingled in. James didn't need any urging to crawl between her legs and reinsert his cock into her open pussy, gently pressing it all the way in as her pussy muscles gripped his cock. Then he slowly started stroking her, letting his cock slide all the way out, then plunging it in until their pubic bones ground against each other. James settled into a rhythm as he fucked Jamie, whose mouth was as wide open as her eyes as he pumped his cock in and out of her pussy.
Grabbing her hand, James encouraged her to play with her own clit as he fucked her. Jamie began to squirm around on the bed as her fingers rubbed and massaged her clit, magnifying the sensation of James' cock plunging in and out of her. They fucked for almost ten minutes before James felt his balls begin to contract. Jamie wrapped her legs around his back and pulled him into her as far as he would go as his balls began pumping. Her pussy seemed to be milking his cock as it sucked all the cum from him, nearly sucking his balls inside out in the process. Then he collapsed on the bed next to her and they held each other in their arms.
James woke up several hours later to the sensation of Jamie sucking on his cock. As he came fully awake, so did his cock, which Jamie quickly mounted. Jamie smiled down at him as she began to fuck him, settling into a steady rhythm as she rode up and down on his cock. James just lay there with his hands behind his head, watching his sister move up and down on his cock. Then Jamie turned around until she was facing his feet without ever removing his cock from her pussy. With her ass pointed at him, she began to pump up and down on his cock. James could see his cock sliding in and out of her pussy, see her pussy lips grasping his cock as it slid in and out of her pussy.
As James felt himself begin to cum, he said so and Jamie quickly jumped off his cock and sucked it into her mouth, sucking her own juices off of him as he began to pump his seed into her eagerly sucking mouth. Jamie sucked him until he stopped cumming, then kissed him and quietly crept back to her own room for the rest of the night. James just passed out in exhaustion.
James overslept the next morning and was going to be late for school. Jamie had already left and his father was gone to work. Lightly knocking on his parents' bedroom door, James opened the door. His mother was sprawled naked on the bed, sleeping it seemed. Backing out of the room, James was closing the door when he heard his mother asking him what he wanted. Talking through the barely open door, he explained that he needed a note because he had overslept and was going to be late for school. June told him to come in, that she would write him a note. Hesitantly, James entered her room. She had grabbed a pad off of the night table and was propping it on her thighs, her knees up as she wrote the note. James could see her pussy staring at him and could see that her nipples were hard. As he stared at her, he couldn't help but remember the video he had seen them watching the night before. He tried to picture that other cock plunging into her pussy when she held out the note to him.
As he moved to take the note, his mother grabbed him by the hand and pulled him closer.
"What's this?" she said, reaching out and stroking the hard-on that had begun to grow in his pants as he had stared at her. "Did you get excited looking at me?"
James flushed as he stood there, his mother holding his hand.
"Remember, I told you that any time you wanted to talk to me about these things, or practice anything, that it was all right. Maybe you'd like me to help you with this," she suggested, rubbing his cock again.
James tried to stammer a reply but his mother quickly pulled his zipper down and extracted his cock from his pants. It was standing straight out in front of him as she grasped it in her hand, squeezing it.
"You have a very nice cock, James," she said, squeezing it some more. "Have any of your girlfriends given you a blowjob yet?" she asked. "I'm sure they must have, you have such a nice cock."
Pulling him closer, June stuck her tongue out and probed into the slit of his cock, then let her tongue run around the head. James groaned and shifted uncomfortably as his mother then sucked his cock into her mouth, not stopping until the entire thing disappeared into her throat. James gasped as she began to suck his cock with her throat muscles, sucking his cock and squeezing his balls. Stopping for a moment, June looked up at her son, who was flushed with excitement and confusion.
"Your cock tastes very nice, James," she said. "Why don't you practice licking my pussy while I suck your cock for you so you can go to school without it sticking out in front of you."
Pulling him onto the bed, June rolled over, positioning her pussy right on his mouth as she sucked his cock back into her mouth. She felt James tongue begin to probe in her pussy and lightly suck on her as she ground her pussy into his face as she sucked his cock. Holding his cock in her hand for a second, she told him to lightly nibble her clit, that that was a very exciting thing to do for a girl. As he complied, June almost fainted as wave after wave of pleasure swept through her body. She eagerly resumed sucking his cock, working it with her tongue as she sucked it down into her throat. She felt herself building to orgasm from the talented tongue that her son was using on her pussy, so she increased the intensity of her sucking to get him to orgasm with her. As she felt his balls begin to squirt their load into her mouth, June allowed her own orgasm to sweep over her, her juices running into James' willing sucking mouth as he lapped up all her juices, even as she sucked his cock dry of his cum, swallowing all of it.
Grinding her pussy into his face one last time, June rolled off of him and allowed him to climb to his feet. Telling him what a wonderful job he had done and how good he had tasted to her, June admonished him to wash his face before he left for school. As James went from her room in a bit of shock from what had just happened, June stretched and smiled, even as she picked up the candle from the night stand and began to fuck herself with it. It seemed that the only thing she was thinking of anymore was sex, and she liked it and wanted more.
Jumping up and showering, June had decided to pay Art a visit and get some loving from him, now that that wasn't a problem any more. As she arrived at his office, she said hello to Dawn as she walked into his office. Art looked up in surprise as June walked into the office. She closed the door as she walked over to his desk, giving him a big kiss.
"Art, I'm so horny, I could just scream. I had to come down here. Please fuck me, I'll go crazy if I don't get some."
Art smiled as he stood up and dropped his pants, letting June suck his cock to a state of readiness. Hiking her skirt up around her waist, June lay on her stomach on his desk with her ass and pussy hanging off in front of him, cock high. Art quickly presented his cock to her pussy, pushing it all the way in as he began to fuck her. June gripped the front of the desk as Art continued to pound her pussy, beginning to satisfy some of her urges.
As he continued to fuck her, the door suddenly opened and Larry came into the office with his cock sticking out in front of him. Walking over to the front of the desk, he inserted his cock into June's open, waiting mouth. She eagerly sucked his cock as Art continued to pound her pussy. Then Dawn walked into the office. June continued to suck Larry's cock as Dawn walked around the desk to where Art was fucking her. Reaching between his legs, Dawn began to fondle his balls as he pistoned his cock in and out of June's pussy.
As he began to cum, Art plunged his cock into June's pussy, ramming it all the way in even as Larry began to fill her mouth with his cum. June gulped Larry's load down her throat as fast as she could, sucking the last of his cum from his cock before letting it fall from her mouth. When Art finished cumming, Dawn pulled his cock out of June and began to lick it and suck their combined juices from it. Then she knelt down and glued her mouth to June's pussy, sucking all of the cum from her pussy, sticking her tongue way up her hole searching it all out. Then she stood up and kissed Art.
Larry and Art helped June to stand up from the desk. She declared that she felt much better now, kissing both of them and then kissing Dawn, letting her tongue swirl around in Dawn's mouth, tasting herself on her with Art's cum. As they stood there with their mouths open, June left the office, saying she was going home now.
When James and Jamie got home from school that day, James told her about what had happened that morning with their mother. Jamie just looked at him in amazement and declared that he must be making it up. James insisted that it had really happened. When Jamie persisted in her disbelief, James told her he'd prove it. Telling Jamie to watch from the closet, he went and knocked on his mother's door. When he heard her voice, he walked into the room. His mother was putting clothes away and had her back to him.
"I just wanted to tell you that the note worked. Thanks."
"Is that all you wanted to tell me, James?" she asked. "You're sure there's nothing else?"
"Well, that was really nice what you did to for me this morning," he stammered. "I really liked it."
"Would you like to do it again? Your father won't be home from work for at least another hour," she said.
"I don't want to bother you," he said.
"Nonsense. If I don't have time for my own son, I might as well be dead," she replied. "Come here," she said, pulling him over towards the bed. Let's see what your problem is now."
As she pulled him over to the bed, June was busy undoing his pants, freeing his cock to spring into view. With a smile she reached out and caressed his cock, squeezing it. Quickly pulling her skirt off, she lay back and spread her legs, encouraging him to lay on top of her as she sucked his cock so that he could also suck her.
Jamie watched from the closet in disbelief as James and her mother lay down in a 69. James had been telling the truth, she realized. Their mother really was wild, sucking James' cock while he slurped between her legs. As Jamie rubbed herself while she watched them, she found herself getting mad that she had been excluded from her mother's attentions. It wasn't fair that James was getting all the fun. Without thinking, Jamie stormed out of the closet and went to her mother's room, pushing the door open and walking in without knocking. Walking over to the bed, she stood there for a moment as James and her mother stopped their sucking to stare at her in astonishment.
"What are you doing?" Jamie said. "Why do you only care about James? How come you don't care about me?" she said as she burst into tears.
June scrambled to sit up on the bed, reaching to hug Jamie. Pulling her to sit beside her on the bed, June held her in her arms, assuring her that of course she loved her too.
"I didn't know you were ready for these things," she said. "Of course I want you to learn, I just didn't know you were ready."
"I've been ready," Jamie said. "James and I have been doing that for a couple of weeks now."
James gasped in amazement as Jamie told their mother what they had been doing. June sat there in shock as she realized that things had indeed gotten out of hand and she hadn't realized it. Holding her close, June asked her what she wanted her to do. Standing up and pulling her clothes off, Jamie said she wanted her to be nice to her too, to show her things.
"I mean, I've been watching you and dad through the hole with James," she said. "It looks so nice and I'd like to be able to do it like you two."
June held her hands as she appraised her daughter. She could see that she had grown into a young woman and had a very appealing body. Pulling her over to her, June hugged Jamie against her, feeling Jamie's breasts press into her face. Opening her mouth, she sucked one of her nipples into her mouth and lightly chewed on it. Then pulling her onto the bed, June pushed her back on the bed and pushed her knees apart, exposing her daughter's pussy to her view.
Lightly running her fingers through Jamie's pussy, June bent over and licked the length of her pussy with her tongue, causing Jamie to let out a long sigh. Then kneeling in front of her, June began to tongue and lick and suck Jamie's pussy, tasting her daughter as she ran her tongue all the way up her hole as she attempted to suck her juices from her. As she was sucking Jamie's pussy, she felt James pushing his face into her pussy from behind as his tongue resumed its play in her pussy. So while she was eating her daughter's pussy, her son was eating hers. Jamie was squirming on the bed as her mother's tongue drove her to a frenzy, then she started to cum as her mother nibbled on her clit. June rapidly lapped up all of Jamie's juices as they flowed from her pussy, even as James continued to suck her. Then Jamie sat up and hugged her, kissing her as she thanked her. Then Jamie said that she wanted to taste her.
With a smile, June lay back on the bed and opened herself to her daughter. Jamie crawled between her mother's thighs and stuck her tongue into her pussy, tasting her mother for the first time. Inhaling deeply and swirling her tongue around to taste her, Jamie began to suck her mother's pussy as she knelt between her legs, her own ass up in the air. While she sucked her mother, she felt James pushing his cock into her pussy from behind. Pushing back against him to help, Jamie sucked her mother with renewed vigor as James began to pump his cock in and out of her.
When June realized that James was fucking Jamie as she ate her, she quickly sat up. Pushing Jamie over on her back and causing James to become dislodged, June knelt over Jamie's face as she buried her face once again in her daughter's pussy. As Jamie began to eat her once more, June raised her head and told James to stick his cock in her pussy while Jamie was sucking her clit. Without hesitating, James presented his cock at the entrance to his mother's pussy and buried it in her with one swift stroke. As he began to pump his cock in and out of her, he could feel Jamie licking his mother's pussy as he fucked her, could feel her tongue licking him each time he pulled back for another stroke.
Quickly he felt himself approaching orgasm as he fucked his mother. As he began to pump his load into her pussy, he could feel Jamie sucking their mother's clit as she began to cum all over his cock. As his cock slid out of her, Jamie eagerly sucked it up, licking and sucking their juices from his cock, then glued her mouth to her mother's pussy and sucked all the cum from it, chasing the last little bit up her hole with her tongue. Then they all fell on the bed together. After a few minutes, June told them that they had to go now, that their father was going to be home any minute and that she didn't think he was ready to be let in on their secret.
As they went from the room, June lay there thinking about how close her family was becoming as the lines blurred between them. She was very pleased with how well they both conducted themselves and for some reason pleased that they had each other to learn from. This was how Art found her when he got home, and he tore off his clothes as he dove on top of her, ramming his cock into her as he began to fuck.
Meanwhile, James and Jamie had gone back to his room and were sucking each other on the bed. Jamie was deliriously happy as she sucked James. She felt closer to him and her mother than she ever had. She had loved the taste of her mother and had more liked the way she had sucked her. Life was indeed turning out wonderful and she was only two days from being 19. She and James sucked each other and fucked once more before Jamie left his room to go get cleaned up for dinner.
Dinner was indeed a strange affair, with June, James, and Jamie laughing and joking, knowing that they had a secret that their father couldn't even imagine. Art was smiling and happy as his job was becoming even more fun with Larry and Mary and Dawn becoming a sort of extended family. When they went to bed that night, June gently probed Art's head to see what his feelings were about everything that had happened with them the last week. He was most sincere in his acceptance of the events, even seemed to be enjoying their expanded horizons. When June asked him if he was aware that James and Jamie were growing up and becoming sexually active, he seemed genuinely surprised. June assured him that she was pretty sure but that they seemed to be smart, aware kids who wouldn't get into any trouble. Art quickly forgot about all of this as they turned to each other and began fucking.
The next day June was scheduled to go to the office to help for a couple of hours. When she got there, Dawn informed her that Larry and Art had gone out and would be back shortly. She mentioned that Mary was in Larry's office. June went into Larry's office and found Mary watching videos of Larry fucking her and then Dawn. Giving her a hug and a kiss, June sat down to watch with her. Then Mary changed videos and June was watching her and Dawn sucking each other on the floor of the office. She watched with interest as Mary worked her tongue in Dawn's pussy, which was very thick-lipped, her clit extending from within the lips. She felt herself getting warm as she watched Mary sucking on Dawn's clit like it was a tootsie roll.
Then Mary leaned over and kissed her, massaging her breasts as she plunged her tongue into her mouth and swirled it around. They quickly tore their clothes off and buried their faces in each other's pussies, the sound of their sucking filling the office. June really liked sucking Mary's smooth, bald pussy. As they were sucking each other, the door opened and Dawn came in. Giving a shout of surprise, she quickly removed her clothes and joined them on the floor, making a daisy chain of tongues in pussies. They were like this on the floor when Larry and Art returned, surprising them.
Art and Larry quickly removed their clothes and joined in the daisy chain, with Art gluing his mouth to Dawn's pussy, Dawn sucking Larry, Larry sucking June, and June sucking Mary. Mary literally inhaled Art's cock into her mouth. They sucked for several minutes, then changed partners. After everyone had sucked everyone for a while, Larry suggested that the three girls bend over the desk next to each other. Then he and Art took turns fucking first one, then the other, Larry finally dumping his load in Dawn's pussy and Art filling Mary's. June sucked each of their cocks clean and also sucked all of the cum from Mary and Dawn's pussies. When she had finished this, Larry and Art were hard again from watching her and Larry plunged his cock into her pussy while Art offered his cock to her mouth, which she eagerly accepted. Soon Larry was filling her pussy with his offering and Art pumped his into her throat. Dawn sucked the cum from her pussy when they were done and Mary sucked Art's cock clean and then Larry's.
"This job is even better than I had ever thought it was going to be," Art said with a sigh.
Larry chuckled as Mary and Dawn and June gathered their clothes and began to get dressed.
"All work and no play have always seemed stupid to me," he said, "especially when the play can be so good."
Everyone was laughing as they left for the day. Art really looked forward to Friday night dinner and reminded Larry and Mary, and as an afterthought invited Dawn to join them. She readily accepted as they all got into their cars and left.
Meanwhile, James and Jamie had come home from school where Sheri had informed them that they were going to have a party that night at her house. Her parents were going to be away again. She also mentioned that John said he was going to bring some friends. When they arrived at Sheri's house, everyone was there, plus John had brought two of his friends who were also on the football team, Bill and Tom. Bill was a huge guy, the fullback on the team, while Tom was tall, a nice-looking guy who played end.
After they had talked together for a while and had a few drinks from the bottle of vodka that Sheri had produced, she suggested that they play a game to get things rolling a bit. Since there were too many people for a card game, Sheri suggested that they play a type of spin the bottle. What she suggested was that they all sit in a circle on the floor, then going around the circle, each person would spin the bottle. The person the bottle landed on would have to take a piece of clothing off. If the person the bottle landed on didn't have any clothes left, they would pick a card from the pile of special cards. After picking the card, that person would then have to do what the card said to the person who spun the bottle.
Everyone chimed in their agreement to the way the game would be played as they arrayed themselves in a circle on the floor. After about 15 minutes, everyone but Sheri and Bill were naked. It had been a laugh for everyone as Tom had had to strip his underwear off. He had blushed furiously as his cock stuck out in front of him and Sheri made comments about how nice and tasty it looked.
Bill then spun the bottle and it landed on Janice. Since she was already naked, she picked a card and turned it over. It said KISS. With a laugh, she crawled across the circle to Bill and wrapped her arms around him, pressing her breasts into his chest as she kissed him, sucking his tongue as she swirled hers in his mouth. After a couple of minutes, she sat back down to the approving applause of everyone else. Bill's face was flushed and he had a big smile on his face.
Heather spun the bottle next and it landed on James. Turning a card over, it said SUCK. With a big grin as Heather shouted in excitement, he crawled over to where she had already lay back with her knees drawn up and her pussy open and exposed to everyone's view. They all laughed as James dove into her pussy, eagerly sucking her as she clasped his head between her legs. They could hear his tongue plunging in and out of her hole as he sucked her, then she would writhe on the ground when he sucked her clit. After a few minutes she gave a scream and began to cum, drenching his face in her juices as he struggled to suck them all up. Everyone applauded as he moved back to his place in the circle, Heather's pussy juices all over his face.
As Tom spun the bottle next, it landed on Sheri. She quickly turned a card over showing that it said KISS ASS. Everyone laughed at the look on Tom's face as Sheri told him to get on his hands and knees. When he had done so, Sheri crawled over to him and bent close to his ass. Then cupping his balls in her hands, causing him to jump, she bent forward and kissed his ass, then moved between his cheeks and kissed his asshole, sticking her tongue out and teasing it a bit before sitting back in her place. Everyone laughed at Tom's red face as he sat back down, his cock sticking straight up in the air.
Jamie spun the bottle next and it landed on Bill, who had to strip. As he stood up and pulled his underwear down, his huge cock sprang out, causing several gasps as they saw the size of it. It hung half way down to his knees and was very thick around.
Sheri was licking her lips in anticipation as James spun the bottle. It landed on Heather and she turned a card over. KISS CROTCH. With a grin she crawled over to James and opened her mouth, letting the head of his cock slide into her mouth. With her mouth still open, everyone could see her tongue swirling all around the head of his cock, probing into the slit at the end. Then closing her lips on his cock, she sucked on the head of it for a moment, then released it with a popping kiss. Everyone laughed as she moved back to her seat and James had a big grin on his face.
As Janice spun the bottle, it landed on Sheri, who finally got to strip naked, much to her own delight. Then it was her turn to spin the bottle, which landed on Jamie. Everyone looked on expectantly as Jamie turned the card over. SUCK breast. With a smile, Jamie moved over to Sheri and began to suck on her nipples, first one, then the other. As she sucked them, Sheri was rubbing herself and Jamie was massaging her breasts. Everyone nodded in approval as Jamie sat back down, leaving Sheri's nipples in a full state of erection, all knotted up and pointing at them.
Then John spun the bottle. This time it landed on Janice. As she turned the card over, it said SUCK. John's smile split his face as Janice crawled over and began to suck on his cock. The sounds of her slurping on it filled the room as she bobbed up and down, squeezing his balls as she sucked on him. After several minutes, she sat back down to everyone's applause.
Then it was Bill's turn again. When he spun the bottle, it landed on Sheri. She almost shouted as she turned the card over. BLOWJOB. When Sheri crawled over to him and grabbed his cock, her hand couldn't even fit all the way around it. With a determined look on her face, she opened her mouth and let his cock slide in, filling her mouth as it bounced against the back of her throat. Groaning, Sheri began to suck on him, sliding his cock in and out of her mouth, teasing it with her tongue. Bill's cock seemed to grow even larger as Sheri continued to suck on it. They could all hear the gurgling in her throat as she attempted to accommodate more of him in her mouth. After she had been sucking for about 5 minutes, Bill gave a groan and tensed up as his balls began to shoot their load into her mouth. As his cock exploded in her mouth, Sheri tried to swallow all of his cum but was unable to keep up with the copious flow. As she continued to suck and swallow, some of his cum ran down her chin and down his cock to his balls. Finally he stopped cumming and Sheri chased the cum down his cock to his balls, licking up all of it, then sitting up, wiped her chin and licked the cum from her hand. Everyone applauded as Sheri sat back down, panting from her exertions.
When Heather spun the bottle next, it landed on Janice. As she turned the card over, it said SUCK. With a laugh, Heather lay back for another suck as Janice crawled between her legs. Using her hands to hold Heather's pussy open, she licked the entire length of it with her tongue, then fastened her mouth on Heather's clit, sucking it. Heather writhed on the floor as Janice sucked her clit, lightly chewing on it as she drove Heather crazy. Then, when Heather was about to explode from the sensation, Janice plunged her tongue into her hole and glued her mouth to her pussy, sucking like crazy as Heather began to cum. Everyone looked on in astonishment as Janice eagerly sucked all of her juices up, plunging her fingers into Heather's pussy and pumping her, sucking until she had stopped cumming. Heather sat up and hugged Janice and kissed her, tasting herself on her as their tongues swirled together for a moment before they both sat down.
Everyone was in a very heightened state of excitement as Tom spun the bottle. It landed on Jamie and she turned a card over that said 69. With a smile, Jamie crawled over to Tom and kissed him, then crawled on top of him and grabbed his cock, flicking her tongue out to taste the drop of pre-cum on the end. At the same time, she positioned her pussy so that it was right on Tom's face. Tom eagerly stuck his tongue out, tasting her as he began to lick her pussy up and down. As Jamie settled into sucking his cock, he began to eat her with relish, sticking his tongue up into her pussy and sucking, nibbling her clit as she ground her hips into his face as she sucked his cock. They began to roll around on the floor as they sucked each other, the slurping sounds filling the room as they worked. Then Tom gave a shout as he began to cum, pumping his cock into her mouth, even as he chewed on her clit, causing her to spasm in orgasm, flooding his face with her cum as she sucked his cock dry. Then Jamie turned and kissed him again, letting him taste himself in her mouth as she tasted herself in his before returning to her place in the circle. Everyone applauded enthusiastically at their performance.
Jamie was still licking her lips as she spun the bottle, which landed on Bill. When he turned the card over, it said KISS. Everyone laughed at the look on Bill's face. It was obvious that he was hoping for something more. With a rueful smile, he moved over to Jamie and began to kiss her. Jamie responded eagerly, swirling her tongue around in his mouth as they sucked the breath from each other. As she felt him breaking off the kiss, Jamie reached down and gave his cock a squeeze, which caused him to jump and everyone else to laugh.
James spun the bottle and it landed on Janice. When she turned the card over, it said BLOWJOB. With a laugh, Janice quickly began to suck his cock, noisily working it with her tongue as she slurped on it. As she bobbed up and down on it, she tried to let more and more of it into her mouth each time, his cock pushing against the back of her throat harder each time. Then as she bobbed down on his cock, she opened her throat a bit and the head of his cock pushed past the back of her mouth into her throat. She gagged and pulled back, then relaxed her throat again and let him slide his cock into her throat again, this time managing not to gag. Everyone applauded as they saw James' cock bulging in her throat as she sucked on it. The sensation was too much for James, whose cock began to spurt as he began to cum, pumping his cum right into her throat. Janice backed off a little and sucked his cock as he came, eagerly swallowing all of his cum, sucking the last little bit from the end of his cock before sitting up. Everyone agreed that it was a masterful blowjob, which caused Janice to beam with pride.
Then it was Janice's turn to spin. When the bottle landed on Jamie, she turned a card over. 69. They all smiled as they watched the two of them crawl between each other's legs and begin to suck pussy. The sounds of their slurping filled the room as they sucked each other. After about 5 minutes, they both began to mewl as their bodies shook in orgasm. The sounds of their sucking increased as they both sucked the pussy juices from each other. When they had finished sucking, they sat up and hugged, kissing each other before sitting back down. Everyone cheered in approval.
When Sheri spun the bottle, it landed on Bill. When he turned the card over, everyone could see the word on it. FUCK. Sheri shouted with glee as everyone laughed. Getting on her hands and knees, she presented her pussy to his huge cock. Rubbing his cock up and down in her pussy to wet it, Bill pushed his cock against her pussy hole, pushing until he felt his cock head pop into her pussy. Sheri gave a groan as she felt his huge cock head filling her pussy, stretching her. Gritting her teeth, she pushed back against him as he pushed his cock into her. Slowly the entire length disappeared into her pussy until he slapped up against her ass. Sheri's eyes were bugged open at the sensation of his huge cock filling her pussy.
Everyone gasped as Bill began to slowly pump his cock in and out of her pussy. They could see her pussy lips grasping his cock as he would pull out, then they would disappear into her pussy as he plunged back in. Each time he buried his cock in her, she would gasp, barely able to accept the hugeness of his cock filling her. As her pussy began to flow with her juices, Bill began to pump his cock with more of a rhythm, pumping in and out. Sheri started pushing back into him as he pumped her, wriggling her ass as his huge cock worked in and out of her pussy. Then Bill stiffened as his cock began to pump its load into her. He buried his cock all the way into her pussy as his balls pumped their load into her. They could see their combined juices squeezing out from around his cock as he came, dripping onto the floor. Then Bill sagged back, spent from his exertions, and Sheri fell forward onto the floor, her pussy swollen from the pounding it had taken, cum oozing from her pussy.
They all sat there in silence as Bill and Sheri rested, his cock glistening with their combined juices and Sheri's pussy continuing to ooze cum. Finally Sheri managed to sit up, exhaustion on her face with the smile of satisfaction. Bill had a big smile on his face as Sheri leaned over to kiss him. Everyone was now very eager to continue the game as John spun the bottle. It landed on Heather and she turned a card over. 69.
Heather and John quickly jumped on each other, sucking deliriously on each other. Heather sucked John's cock deep into her throat, using her tongue to excite him even as he sucked her pussy, nibbling on her clit. Their excited sucking, combined with the fucking they had just witnessed between Sheri and Bill, quickly brought them to orgasm. As they finished sucking the cum from each other, everyone looked to Bill to spin the bottle.
Looking sheepish, Bill said that he was still spent from his fuck with Sheri and that he would have to pass. Everyone laughed as Heather tiredly spun the bottle. It landed on Tom and he turned a card over. FUCK. Everyone laughed as Heather complained that she had already had more orgasms than anyone else as she looked at Tom's cock pointing at her. Moving slowly, she got on her hands and knees and presented her pussy to his cock. Pushing into her, he began to pump his cock in and out of her pussy. Heather sighed as his cock began to glide in and out of her, stimulating her like nothing had yet done. As Tom started really pumping his cock into her, Heather started to respond, pushing back against him as he pounded her pussy. Then Tom stiffened as he began to cum, pounding his cock into her as his balls pumped. Then Heather collapsed on the ground, her pussy oozing cum.
As everyone applauded, they looked to Tom to spin the bottle. Reaching for the bottle, he hesitated, then announced that he too would have to pass. Everyone laughed as Jamie spun the bottle. When it stopped at James, everyone held their breath as he turned the card over. 69. Bill and Tom gasped as they realized what the card said. They looked at them expecting them to pass, but Jamie just gave a little laugh and rolled over and sucked James' cock into her mouth before anyone could say anything. As she began to suck his cock, James buried his face in her pussy, savoring the taste of his sister as he began to suck her. They fell into their comfortable rhythm of sucking as everyone watched them in astonishment. James kept his tongue plunging in and out of her pussy, sucking her juices up as they flowed. Jamie was opening her throat to let his cock slide all the way down, milking him with her throat muscles as his cock twitched in her throat. Then James groaned as his cock started spewing his cum into her mouth, filling her mouth with his seed. As Jamie happily swallowed his cum, she felt her own orgasm sweep over her as James grabbed her clit between his teeth and gently bit. He noisily lapped up her juices, sucking the last from her hole before rolling over and sitting up.
"Wow, you two are incredible," Sheri said. "I can't believe you suck each other like that."
"Why shouldn't we?" Jamie asked. "He's my brother and I love him. I love sucking his cock and no one sucks my pussy any nicer," she said, smiling at James. "I don't think there's anything wrong with it."
"Well, it sure is beautiful to watch," Sheri agreed. "Whose turn is it?" she asked.
When they realized it was James' turn, Heather suggested that they forget the game and just play as they pleased. Everyone joined in agreement and the cards were put aside. As they sat there, Janice said that she hadn't had a cock in her yet and she wanted to fuck someone. John quickly volunteered, stroking his already hard cock in his hand as Janice scurried over to him. Sucking his cock for a minute, she crawled on top of him, positioning his cock in her pussy, then lowered herself onto him, impaling herself on his cock. As she began to ride his cock, Sheri and Heather fell into a 69, sucking the cum that was still in each other's pussy, slurping as they cleaned each other. When Tom saw this, he moved over behind Sheri and pushed his cock into her, even as Heather was sucking her pussy. Heather continued to suck her clit and lick Tom's balls and cock as it slid in and out of Sheri's pussy right in front of her face.
As Janice bounced up and down on John, Tom continued to pound Sheri's pussy while she sucked Heather. When Janice felt John cumming, she jumped off his cock and quickly took it into her mouth, sucking his cum from his cock and tasting her own juices on him. As Tom saw this, his cock spasmed and he poured his load into Sheri's pussy, which dribbled down into Heather's eagerly sucking mouth.
While they were recovering from their fun, Bill's cock had risen to its full size again and he was looking for somewhere to put it. Jamie gave James a quick look, then moved over to Bill, taking his cock in her hands and stroking it, then opening her mouth to suck it. It was so big it barely fit in her mouth. After a few minutes of trying to suck him, she gave up and turned her ass to him as she got on her hands and knees. Rubbing his cock in her pussy, he slowly pushed into her, burying himself fully in her pussy. Everyone watched as Bill steadily stroked his cock in and out of her pussy, her fiery red hair framing his cock as it slid in and out of her. She was responding eagerly to his thrusting, pushing back into him as he pounded into her. She felt his cock growing as his orgasm began to mount, then suddenly she could feel his cum squirting into her pussy, splashing deep into her pussy. He pumped what seemed like gallons into her before his cock limply slid out of her pussy. Janice immediately moved over and glued her mouth to Jamie's pussy, sucking Bill's cum from her as Jamie buried her face in Janice's pussy and sucked John's cum from her. They sucked and slurped one another for several minutes before stopping and sitting up.
They all just sat there staring at each other. They had fucked and sucked and there was no more in any of them to continue. James leaned over and gently licked Jamie's pussy, which was pouting open from the pounding from Bill's big dick, her lips swollen from the beating. Heather announced that she was beat and that it was time for her to go. Everyone slowly got to their feet and got dressed, not without some kissing and petting and a few sucks here and there. They all promised to do it again as they left. Sheri stood in the doorway waving good-bye, one hand in her pussy rubbing her clit. James laughed when he saw this.
As they walked home, Jamie told James that Bill's cock had been so big, she hadn't known if it would fit in her, that's why she had had him fuck her. She admitted that it had felt wonderful but she still preferred his cock to any other. James just hugged her, telling her he was glad she had had so much fun, adding that the evening hadn't been a total loss for him either. When they got to their home, Jamie insisted in coming to James' room with him, saying that she had to have his cock in her before she went to bed, and that she felt bad because he hadn't fucked anyone that night. They fell onto the bed and James immediately buried his cock in her pussy, marveling at the soft, velvety feel of her pussy as he steadily pumped his cock in and out of her. When he felt himself ready to cum, he told Jamie and she quickly took his cock into her mouth to let him finish fucking her. As he pumped his cock into her mouth, letting it slide into her throat, he began to shoot his cum. Jamie quickly swallowed all of it, carefully sucking him clean before leaving to go sleep in her own room.
When Jamie awoke the next morning, she stretched, luxuriating in the feeling of her body. Last night had been so good. She had loved the feeling of Bill's big cock filling her and she had loved sucking James in front of everyone, then getting to fuck him when they got home. Thinking of this got her quickly horny, so she jumped up and quietly snuck down to James' room, letting herself in. When she entered his room, he was awake, lying on his bed with a hard-on, gently stroking himself.
Jamie quickly moved to his bed, grabbing his cock and stroking it for him while he lay there and smiled at her. Then she mounted him, letting his cock slide up into her pussy. She sighed as she felt him inside of her, a feeling that she was getting to like more and more each day. Then she began to ride his cock, humping her ass up and down as she fucked him. He responded by reaching up and playing with her breasts, massaging them and twisting and pulling on her nipples.
When she really felt herself getting into it, the door suddenly opened and their mother walked in. They froze for a second, but seeing the smile on her face, Jamie resumed her ride. June walked over to the bed and sat down next to them, watching as her daughter fucked her son. As she watched, she let one hand wander down to her pussy where she began to rub and stroke herself, getting excited as she watched them build to their climax. When she saw that James was getting ready to cum, she reached over and massaged Jamie's clit as she rode him. Jamie instantly started to cum, even as James was pumping his own cum into her. When they finished cumming, Jamie rolled over and lay next to James, her pussy oozing his cum with her own juices.
June bent down and licked Jamie's pussy, tasting James' cum as she did so. Then she began to softly suck on her daughter's pussy, drinking up all the cum from the both of them. Then she turned to James and sucked on his cock, cleaning him off. When she had finished, James was hard again, excited from seeing his mother watch him getting fucked by his sister and then seeing her suck both of them. June quickly dropped her nightgown and mounted James, beginning to ride him just as Jamie had just done. With a laugh, Jamie crawled up and straddled his face, grinding her pussy into his face as he began to suck her pussy. They both rode him like this for several minutes, then June began to groan as she felt her orgasm building. With a cry, she came, her pussy muscles clasping and unclasping on James' cock as she came. James groaned and came again, spurting his load into his mother's pussy as he felt her pussy muscles milking him. When she finished, June lay back and Jamie fell into her pussy, sucking her mother's pussy as she lapped up James' cum. When she was done, June told them that they had better hurry and get ready for school or they would be late. With a laugh, they got up, kissed her and proceeded to get ready.
As they were leaving for school, June told them that they were having their father's new boss over for dinner that night along with his wife and secretary. Not knowing what they were doing that night, they said that they'd let her know later where they would be going.
June spent the rest of the day cleaning and straightening the house, getting ready for that evening. When Art got home from work, she couldn't wait to jump him, ripping his clothes off before he had even gotten in the door and jumping on his ready cock right there on the living room floor. Art responded to June's wild welcome by fucking her as hard as he could, pounding her pussy as she clasped her legs around his back. When they were done, Art helped her to get the dinner ready.
When Larry and Mary and Dawn arrived about an hour later, dinner was just about ready. They sat in the living room having a few drinks. Larry then said that he had brought some office videos with him for their entertainment later. Mary smiled broadly as she rubbed Larry's cock through his trousers. When they had finished dinner, they all went to the living room to watch the videos.
The first one Larry put in showed Mary and Dawn naked on the floor of his office, faces buried in each other's pussies, licking and sucking. Mary smiled as she watched, reaching over to kiss Dawn and rub her breasts as she did so. The next video showed them all the day before when June, Mary and Dawn had gotten together on the office floor and Larry and Art had found them. June found herself getting really excited watching herself on the video and quickly pulled Art's cock from his trousers and began to stroke him as she watched. Mary quickly pulled Larry's cock from his trousers and began to fondle his cock and balls. Dawn, feeling left out, had pulled her skirt up and was playing with her pussy, no panties in the way of her exploring fingers. Then she turned and pushed Mary's skirt up, pushing her face into her pussy as she began to lick her. Everyone quickly stripped their clothes off as they fell into a tangle of bodies on the floor, everyone's mouth finding something to suck.
While they were having their fun on the floor, James and Jamie had come home, entering through the kitchen. Hearing the noise from the living room, they peeked in and saw their parents on the floor naked with the same people they had seen them with on the video. Very quietly, Jamie pulled James' shorts off and began to suck his cock as they watched the five adults in the other room.
At one point they saw their father on his back, Dawn sitting on his face and Mary sucking his cock, while their mother was locked in a 69 with Larry. Giving James a look, Jamie stripped off her clothes, pulling the rest of his off also. Sneaking into the living room quietly, Jamie went to where her mother was sucking on Larry's cock. June started when she realized that her daughter was in the room, then was even more surprised to see her naked.
Glancing over at Art, she could see that he couldn't see anything as Dawn was sitting on his face. Jamie knelt between Larry's legs and opened her mouth, letting the cock her mother was still holding in her hands into her mouth where she began to suck on it. June stayed where she was, her pussy covering Larry's mouth as he sucked her, holding his cock while Jamie sucked on it. James, meanwhile, had crawled over to where Mary was kneeling between Art's legs sucking him. Without Mary realizing what was happening, he stuck his face in between her ass cheeks and began to lick her bald pussy, running his tongue into it and sucking on her. Mary looked up for a moment to see what was happening and almost jumped through the roof as she saw Jamie sucking Larry's cock while June held it for her. June gave her a smile as she saw Mary realize that James was the one sucking her pussy. She stopped sucking on Art's cock and turned around, falling into a 69 with James as Dawn fell forward onto Art's cock with her own mouth while he sucked her.
Suddenly Larry groaned as Jamie's sucking brought him to orgasm. Holding his cock in her hand, June and Jamie both tried to catch all the cum that came squirting out of his cock, locking lips over the head of his cock as they both sucked on him, their tongues swirling together as they drank his cum. Meanwhile, James and Mary were both in the throes of orgasm, drinking each other up as they came. When Jamie finished sucking the cum from Larry's cock, she crawled over to where Dawn was sucking on her father. Holding her finger to her mouth so that she wouldn't say anything, Jamie took her father's cock from Dawn and began to suck on it herself, just as he began to cum. She eagerly sucked the cum from her father's cock, letting it slide down into her throat as he pumped his load into her mouth as he sucked up Dawn's juices as she came.
When Dawn rolled off of Art, he sat up and screamed. He couldn't believe that his two children were in the room with them, naked, James still with his face between Mary's legs and Jamie between his legs, still holding his cock, cum smeared across her face. As he started to protest, June quickly crawled over to him and shushed him, telling him that she had tried to tell him that they were growing up. Larry laughed as he realized what was going on and moved over behind Jamie and inserted his cock into her pussy from behind. Jamie immediately began to thrust back against him as he began to fuck her, right in front of her father, whose cock she was still holding in her hand.
They all sat up and watched as Larry fucked Jamie, plunging his cock in and out of her young pussy, pumping her as hard as he could. Jamie just pushed back harder against him as he fucked her. Art stared in fascination as he watched Larry fucking his little girl, who obviously wasn't so little any more. Mary had sucked James' cock back into a state of readiness and got on her hands and knees next to Jamie and James began to fuck her. While all this was happening, Dawn was laying next to Art on her back, her legs wide open while she played with herself. Jamie lowered her face to her pussy and began to suck her as Larry fucked her from behind.
Art couldn't believe what he was seeing. As he watched Jamie getting fucked and sucking Dawn, his cock grew hard again. When Jamie saw this, she pulled away from Larry and quickly climbed up on her father's cock, impaling herself with one quick move. Art tried to protest and pull away, but Jamie held on tight as she began to ride up and down on her father's cock. June quickly offered Larry her pussy to fuck, as his cock was standing up in the air, pussyless as Jamie had abandoned him.
Jamie continued to ride her father, fucking him as he lay there. Then they heard James groan as he began to cum in Mary's pussy, pumping his load into her as her pussy milked him. Dawn moved over to them and took James' cock in her mouth as he pulled out of Mary, sucking their juices from his cock. Then she glued her mouth to Mary's pussy and began to suck on her, lapping up their combined cum from her pussy. Then Art shouted as he came, pumping his load way up into Jamie's pussy, feeling the tight, softness of her pussy as it milked his cock. When he had finished cumming, Jamie got off of him and licked and sucked his cock clean, then crawled up on him and kissed him.
"Hi, Daddy," she said. "How was that?"
Everyone laughed at the look on Art's face and then they all settled back to enjoy a long night of fucking and sucking. Life in Nebraska sure was going to be wonderful!!!
