"Hi Geek!" Maryanne's voice came through the speakerphone, using the nickname that she had affectionately called me for years. "I'm having trouble e-mailing a video file."
"That's because of the blonde filter on your computer," I teased, using a running joke between me and my older sister.
"Blondes have more fun and geeks don't have a social life," she said, which was her standard reply to any blonde joke. I don't mind the nickname. After all, I was a serious computer gamer and, yeah, I guess, I was a geek.
"The only reason blondes have more fun is because they are more easily amused," I answered. "I'd rather be a geek." Actually, I'd rather be a jock, but that's never going to happen.
"Yeah, but geeks don't get laid," she teased with unintended accuracy, and I changed the subject.
"What do you need to e-mail?" I asked.
"How come it says the file is too large?" she responded, ignoring my question.
"Because your ISP has restrictions on how big an e-mail file can be," I answered, wondering how a former cheerleader-turned-high school English teacher gets by without knowing basic stuff like this. Every eighteen-year-old high school student like me knows how to e-mail video files. "Do you want me to come over and condense the file for you?" I offered.
"No!" she said, quickly enough to make me wonder what she was sending. "That's alright. Can you just tell me how to do it?" Perhaps realizing she piqued my curiosity, she continued. "I have to learn sometime." Now, I was really curious. My sister's husband was in Iraq, so I assumed she wanted to send him a video file. If she didn't want me to see it, it could only mean one thing: I've got to see it!
My sister is twenty-two years old and she and Mark got married last year, just before he left for Iraq. Their house is about ten minutes away from us and I frequently stop off on my way home from school to do my homework and have dinner with my sister. I have a key because I maintain her lawn and fix things around the house since her husband left. I was definitely going to have to go by tomorrow and look at her video, but that's not what I said now.
"What program are you using to import and edit the video?" I asked.
"I never said I recorded it!" Maryanne snapped.
"Okay. Sorry, Sis," I answered, knowing she must have recorded it or she'd be telling me what it was. "What program are you using to compress the video?" I tried again.
"Windows Media Center," she replied, "but I'm not sure if I'm doing it right." She sighed resignedly as I tried to think of a way to help her without looking at her video.
"How about if I come over after school tomorrow? We can shoot some new video and then I can show you what to do with it," I said, knowing that I would have already seen her mystery video by the time she got home from work.
"That'd be great, Ron," she replied, approving of my idea. "I'm such a dunce at this stuff." What an understatement.
"You're just blonde," I teased. "See you tomorrow, Sis." I hung up, wondering what was on the video that she didn't want me to see. Throughout the conversation I had been trying to think of another kind of video Maryanne wouldn't want me to see, but nothing came to mind. There could only be one thing, and I was anxious to see it.
It's hard to describe my sister without sounding biased. She is absolutely gorgeous; a beautiful face, long blonde hair, great tits, and a head-turning ass. Sure, she's my sister, but as she pointed out, geeks don't get laid, and when she lived at home, I was constantly trying to sneak peeks at her naked body. In my mind, it was the only hope I had of seeing tits and ass anytime soon.
When I pulled my car into her driveway the next afternoon, I figured that I had about two hours before she got home. Letting myself in with my key, I headed right for her computer, located in the office. My cock was already stirring inside my jeans as I waited for Windows to boot up.
Come on, what's taking so long? I impatiently drummed my fingers on her desk. The anticipation was killing me. I was starting to wonder if it was all just wishful thinking. Maybe it was just some innocuous video that she didn't want me to see for some stupid reason.
I searched for ".wma" files and find one called "Iluvu," dated two days ago. That had to be it. I held my breath and double-clicked the file. Could this actually be what I hoped it was?
The movie started and, as I suspected, it's a really amateurish video of Maryanne doing a strip tease. The camera was obviously on a tripod and she was standing in front of it pulling a white tank top over her head. Her braless tits got my cock's attention, as I stared at her swaying back and forth on the screen.
Goddamn! I was looking right at my sister's bare tits! She tossed the tank top aside and brought her hands up around her firm globes, squeezing them together. Running her palms over her nipples, I watched the thick nubs respond, as she pinched them between her thumbs and index fingers. I realized she was saying something and I turned the sound up.
"Just wish you were here to do this yourself," her sultry voice came through the speakers, as I unsnapped my jeans and started stroking my hard cock. "I miss you so much, Mark," she said, moving her hard nipples towards the camera, trying to give him a close-up view, but instead all she accomplished was to make them go in and out of focus.
"Do you want to see my pussy?" she asked. Yes! Of course, I realized she wasn't talking to me. "Do you want to see my pussy, Mark?" she teased, unzipping her jeans and pealing them off her legs, revealing a skimpy black thong. She looked like she'd had a few drinks.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," she continued, turning around and wiggling her bare ass cheeks as she stepped out of her jeans. "You better not ever show this to anyone, Mark!" She smiled, looking over her shoulder at the camera.
Fuck! My sister's ass was perfect! I'd seen her in a swimsuit before, but nothing like this, with just a thin strip of material wedged between her firm cheeks. My cock was about to blow. I found a box of tissues and grabbed a couple as I pumped my cock. Maryanne had turned back around and, to my elation, was rolling her thong down her thighs. Fuck me! Her blonde pussy hair was cut into a neat triangle and the sight of it triggered my release. Jacking my cock faster, I shot a puddle of cum into the tissues. The video ended with her standing naked in front of the camera, her pussy lips barely visible through her blonde bush. Damn!
After flushing the tissues, I returned to the computer to explore her e-mail history. Fortunately, Maryanne chose to have Windows remember her log-in and password, so I could easily read all her messages. She'd been sending nude pictures of herself to her husband every day for about a month. That's when his tour unexpectedly got extended and he sent an e-mail begging her for more intimate pictures.
"With me stuck here for another few months, please think again about sending pictures. Just some shots of your best attributes... I love you and miss you and want to see you... all of you! LOL
Love, Mark"
There were at least thirty pictures and as I clicked through them, I got hard again. Picking out my favorites, I used Windows Viewer to place them side-by-side on the desktop. I started with a close-up of Maryanne's exquisite tits and two of her ass, in one of which she was bent away from the camera and pulling her ass cheeks apart. I positioned these side by side across the top of the screen. Directly beneath them I lined up three more pictures: one was a full frontal view of Maryanne smiling at the camera with her hands on her hips. My cock was straining against my jeans as I resized two shots of her pussy, including one standing close to the camera and one lying on the bed with her legs spread and her knees pulled up. I yanked my jeans down and started jacking off again. I made a mental note to bring a flash drive tomorrow so I could download copies for myself.
When I finished jacking off this time, I skimmed through the rest of the e-mails, completely reading the latest one.
"Please try to figure out the video. I really want to watch you move and hear you talk and... I think you know what else. I miss you... love you... you can figure it out!
Love, Mark"
I watched the video again and then checked the clock. Maryanne would be home soon. Shutting down the computer, I went and sat at the kitchen table and started doing my homework like nothing unusual had happened.
"Hey Geek!" Maryanne greeted me, walking in the front door and dropping her purse on an end table.
"Hi Sis!" I replied, getting up and giving her a hug. When you've seen someone nude, actually pictures of her nude, you start looking at her differently. My sister was wearing a beige blouse tucked into a dark brown skirt and when I looked at her tits, it was like I had x-ray vision. All I could see were her half-dollar size areolas and her thick rose-colored nipples. Of course, nothing had changed for her; she wrapped her arms around me and pressed those gorgeous tits right up against my chest, without thinking anything of it. I restrained myself from squeezing her ass cheeks, as she brushed a kiss across my cheek.
"How was your day?" I asked, stepping away and sitting down so she didn't see my hard-on.
"Great!" she sighed. "The kids are challenging, but it could be worse. How about yours?" Great! I jacked off twice to the nude pictures of you on your computer.
"Same old, same old," I answered, as I returned to my homework. "I have a couple of math problems left and then we can shoot some video," I told her. "Would you like to do it in the park?" When we were younger, Maryanne used to take me to the park all the time. We'd push each other on the swings, climb the monkey bars and get ice cream from the sidewalk vendor.
"Great idea!" Maryanne beamed, as she pulled her blouse out of her skirt and started unbuttoning it. "It'll be just like old times." As she undid the last button I saw the inside curves of her tits as they disappeared into her beige colored bra.
"Yeah, that's what I thought," I said, except I don't ever remember having had a hard-on for my sister at the park. Of course, I've never jacked off to nude pictures of her before either.
"Just let me change," she said, turning towards the hallway, as she pulled her blouse off her shoulders. I watched her start unzipping her skirt just before she turned into her bedroom. Fuck!
I know it's wrong, and I felt like a twelve-year-old as I snuck down the hallway, trying to catch a glimpse of my naked sister.
"What do you think we should shoot?" Maryanne shouted from the bedroom, obviously assuming I was still in the kitchen. I ran back as quietly as I could, before I answered her.
"We can shoot anything you want," I answered. How about video of you giving me a blowjob? I crept silently down the hallway again and took a quick peek into Maryanne's bedroom. She was in front of her dresser across the room with her back to me. I took another look, knowing there was a mirror over the dresser and hoping she wasn't looking in it. As luck would have it, she wasn't.
My eyes took in her form bending over in front of her dresser in just her bra and a beige thong! Fuck! I could see her bare ass cheeks and the thin strip of material wedged between them. Her ass looked even better than in the videos. I glanced over her head, into the mirror, and saw a mouthful of tit hanging down into the cups of her bra. My cock was bulging the front of my jeans as I scooted back into the kitchen and packed up my homework. I definitely needed those pictures from her computer!
"Let's go to the park and mess around like we used to," Maryanne said, coming out of her bedroom wearing tight white shorts and a light blue tank top. Her bra straps were visible next to her tank top straps.
"Sure," I said, turning away from her so she couldn't see the bulge in my jeans. "Where's your video camera?" I asked.
She grabbed her camera bag and we headed off to the park. It really was like old times and if I didn't keep thinking about her naked, perhaps my cock would've returned to normal. Or maybe hard was the new normal.
I shot Maryanne on the swings, zooming in as she swung away, and zooming out as she swung close, laughing when she tried to kick me. I resisted focusing on her tits or her ass while I was recording, but I used the zoom feature to check out her ass cheeks when the camera was on pause. Her tight white shorts, stretched across her ass, looked sexy, but all I could see in my mind was the beige thong under it. X-ray vision, again.
"My turn," Maryanne said, taking the camera as I ran for the monkey bars. Swinging across the bars and exerting a little energy calmed down my libido and I was less self-conscious about what might show up on the video. We stopped for an ice cream bar before heading back to her house to learn how to edit video.
"That was fun!" Maryanne said, wrapping her arm around my waist as we walked to the car, eating our ice cream.
"It was," I agreed. "We should do this more often." Maybe next time we can shoot some video in your bedroom while you're changing your clothes.
"Definitely!" Maryanne said, squeezing me tighter. I was glad my sister couldn't read my mind.
Maryanne made dinner while I booted up her computer for the second time that day. Loading the video from the park, I looked for editing software and realized that what she had wouldn't compress the video sufficiently to allow her to e-mail it. As we ate dinner, I offered to take whatever video she wanted edited back to my computer and condense it for her. I'm such a good brother.
"No, that's okay," she said quickly. "What software do I need?"
I gave her the name of a program that's easy to use and would do what she wanted. I again offered to do it for her, but she declined, so I offered to buy the right software, load it on her computer and teach her how to use it. She gave me a credit card and I told her I would do it after school tomorrow, right after I copied all of her pictures to my flash drive! I didn't actually tell her that last part obviously.
I found the best software deal online, and the next day, after copying Maryanne's pictures to my flash drive, I jacked off again while the software downloaded and installed. There were four new pictures that she must have taken last night: two where she was pinching her nipples and two with her fingers in her pussy. She sent Mark an e-mail saying she was getting new video software and maybe those pictures would tide him over. They certainly were tiding me over!
The nipple shots were pretty close up, with her tits completely filling the screen. In one, she was holding her nipples between her thumb and her index finger, not really pinching them, but I was surprised to see the tips extending beyond the width of her fingers. She was obviously teasing them to full arousal. In the other one, she was definitely pinching them and pulling them out from her tits.
My sister seemed to know what a guy wanted to see and that was really evident from the pussy shots. One showed her whole body lying on the bed with her legs spread and two fingers in her pussy. The second one was a close up of her pussy in almost exactly the same position. She obviously had to get up to adjust the camera, but the close up showed two fingers buried to the second knuckle inside her glistening pussy.
I shot my load as the software finished downloading and a box popped up telling me to restart the computer. Perfect timing! I clicked restart and got to the bathroom to flush the cum-filled tissue. When Maryanne got home, I taught her how to use the software, walking her through a couple of simple editing steps and then showed her how to save it as an e-mail ready file. As we edited the video from the park, I realized that Maryanne didn't feel as restrained as I did when I was the cameraman and there were several close ups of my ass and my crotch.
"What was that about?" I asked, wondering if she was disappointed that I didn't do the same thing to her.
"That's your best side!" she laughed, as I edited out the butt shot. "You know, for a geek, you've got a great ass," she teased. "I thought I'd post it online and see if I can get you a date."
"What about this one?" I asked, highlighting the crotch shot, showing a definite bulge in my jeans.
"I just wondered who you were thinking about." She smiled, as I pressed the delete button. "Awww, you're no fun!" she laughed. I could be if you'd like to see the real thing.
"I wasn't thinking about anyone," I lied. "That's my natural relaxed size," I deadpanned, without looking at her.
"Right!" she smirked. "Stand up!" she said, yanking me out of the chair and staring at my crotch. "I didn't think so." Do that for a few more minutes and it may surprise you.
"Stop it, Sis," I said, sitting back down. Okay, I'm hypocritical. I'll jack off, thinking about her all day long, but it's embarrassing if she looks at me that way. I don't understand it either.
"I'm just kidding, Ronnie," she said, calling me by my childhood nickname, as she tussled my hair. "I really appreciate your help with this."
"Okay, now you try it." I watched her manipulate the video and save it in e-mail ready format.
"Good!" I praised her, surprised at how quickly she picked it up. "You're all set!" I told her, anxious to see what would be on her computer tomorrow.
"Thank you, Ron," Maryanne said, standing up and giving me a hug. "I really appreciate this." Between her tits pushing against my chest and my imagination running wild with erotic videos, my cock responded and I stepped back.
"No worries," I told her, gathering up my school stuff. "Let me know if you need any more help." Or if you need a cameraman.
"I will," she said. "Thanks."
I visited my sister's house every day for the next week and I was never disappointed. Some days I was still there when she got home and we would have dinner together. Other days, I jacked off, copying the new video to my flash drive and leaving without her even knowing I was there. I was building up quite a video collection on my laptop and almost wearing my dick out every night.
After a week of watching my sister dance naked, roll around in various poses on the bed, and shake her tits and ass for the camera, I finally got to watch her masturbate. This was the video I had been waiting for. Mark had been hinting, not so subtly, for the past week about what he wanted to see. I didn't know if Maryanne was resistant or if she just knew the value of good foreplay, but there it was at last!
I copied it to my flash drive and then watched it three times before I opened the latest e-mail from my brother-in-law. After the normal update, he finished with his most impassioned plea yet.
"I know you never imagined that you'd spend the first year of our marriage making videos like these, but you can't possibly know how much they mean to me. You could never understand how they help me get through the lonely, frustrating, frightening days in this hellhole. I need to see you do more on the video. I'd reciprocate, but besides not having a camera, there's no privacy in Hell!
Love, Mark"
By this time my cock was rock solid and I pulled it out as I started the video again. Grabbing some tissues to catch my gunk, I stroked up and down, while I watched my sister masturbate.
The video started with Maryanne lying on the bed, with her legs spread towards the camera. She was watching herself on the monitor and got up a couple of times to adjust the camera angle, then pulled her knees up and started fingering her pussy. She should have edited out adjusting the camera; wasn't she paying attention the other day?
"Hi Hon!" she smiled at the camera. "I wish this was your cock, instead of my finger," she said, pulling on her nipple with her other hand. "I wish you were here to suck my nipples... eat my pussy... and fuck me!" she panted, pumping two fingers in and out of her wet pussy.
"Oh yeah! Oh fuck!" Maryanne's voice boomed out of the speakers. "Are you jacking off? Are you pumping your hard cock, honey? Are you cumming with me?" I certainly was! My sister was breathing hard and slamming her fingers into her pussy. My cock was rock solid and felt like it was about to burst. As the tension built and I felt the release coming from deep inside my balls, I positioned the tissues at the head of my cock. Watching my sister rub her clit, I stood up, pumping faster...
"What the FUCK are you doing?" Maryanne's voice bellowed from behind me. Oh shit! Jerking around, I saw my sister, standing in the doorway to her bedroom, just as my cock blasted its first load of cum. Missing the tissue completely, it arced up a little before landing on the floor between us. My sister was still masturbating on the video behind me, as a couple of smaller spurts landed next to my feet.
Maryanne rushed to the computer and pushed the power button on the monitor, as I stood frozen with my hand around my dripping cock. The speakers weren't connected to the monitor, so her moans are still coming from the speakers.
"Oh fuck! Ohhhhhh! I'm cummmminng! Cum with me!" the speakers bellowed.
"Turn it off! Turn it off!" my sister yelled, leaning across me, trying to find the volume control. I came out of my trance and pressed the mute button on the keyboard, making the room go silent. I was breathing hard and still holding my cock, while my sister stood there, glaring at me. At least, I thought she was glaring at me. When I looked up, I saw that she was staring at my spent cock.
Reaching down, I pulled up my jeans and underwear, while she silently stared at me. When I'd tucked my wet cock back into my jockey shorts, she looked up at my face, giving me a look that I couldn't read. I've done a lot of things to my sister over the years, but I've never seen a look like that. Disappointment? Embarrassment? Anger? Disgust? I just didn't know.
"Get this cleaned up!" she said, pointing to the floor. "And then come into the living room." She turned and stormed out of her office. Fuck! I finished snapping up my jeans and went into the bathroom to get a washcloth.
As I cleaned the cum off the floor, I tried to think of some defense for what I'd done. This was beyond anything I'd ever done before, or at least been caught doing. I wondered what the punishment was for squirting cum on your sister's carpeting. I mean, my parents usually grounded me for stuff, but this seemed way beyond that. I was so fucked!
I took my time cleaning up the cum, as I tried to imagine what was going to happen next. Finally there was no way to delay it any longer. Just before I went into the living room, I remembered my flash drive. That would've really been the icing on the cake! Grabbing it from the USB slot in the computer, I shoved it into my jeans pocket and went in to face the music.
"This is wrong on so many levels." Maryanne said, as I took a seat on the couch. She was sitting on the chair across from me, with her hands folded in her lap. "Invasion of privacy, masturbating in my house, not to mention that I'm your sister, for God's sake." My sister was taking her schoolteacher approach with me. She wasn't yelling, but she might as well have been.
"I'm sorry," I said, realizing that sorry wasn't going to cut it.
"What were you thinking? Hacking into my computer? What you did...."
"I know," I answered, hanging my head. I didn't exactly hack into her computer, but I didn't think it would be prudent of me to point that out at that moment.
"What were you doing?" she asked, quickly correcting herself. "Okay, I know what you were doing, but..." she took a deep breath. "Why don't you start from the beginning and tell me everything," she said, sitting back with that schoolteacher - no, make that school principal, look on her face.
This is where I spilled the beans... sort of.... I guess.
"Well, when you asked me about e-mailing video and then didn't want me to see what it was, I got curious. I mean, I figured it must be something, you know..." I tried to look at her, but I was too embarrassed. "I'm really sorry, Sis."
"So you just came over and hacked into my computer so you could see a video that you knew I wanted to keep private?" she demanded, folding her arms across her chest and staring at me.
"Yes." Again, turning on a computer and searching for video files wasn't exactly hacking, but I wasn't going to argue with her. What I did was wrong regardless.
"I trusted you," she said, leaning forward and trying to catch my eye. I continued to look down.
"I know," I answered, glancing up at her. Even with her angry at me, I couldn't help but notice how sexy she was, and my cock stirred. Jesus! I needed to get a grip, but my sister's next question didn't help any.
"Wasn't it weird, jacking off to a video of your own sister?" she asked, and I jerked my head up to look at her. She didn't look mad, but... I don't know... I couldn't quite put my finger on it. She looked more like, well, curious. Like she was really interested in how I felt about it. I considered my answer carefully.
"I know it's wrong, Maryanne, but you are the most beautiful and sexy..." I took a breath and noticed she was blushing. "I honestly couldn't help myself," I answered, looking directly into her eyes. She held my stare for a minute before looking away. I glanced down at her tits while she was looking out the window and I swear it looked like her nipples were hard.
"I'm your sister," she said, looking back at me, and I quickly shifted my focus to her face.
"I know," I replied. "Are you going to tell Mom and Dad?" I asked, wondering what was going to happen when I got home. Maybe I should just get in my car and keep going. She kept staring at me and I could picture the wheels turning inside her head.
"No, I'm not," she finally said, "but you need to think about what you did, Ron." I hate it when people say that, unless, like now, it means that she's not going to tell my parents.
"I will," was my lame reply, wondering what I would think about this later.
"You'd better go home now," she said. "I need to think about... everything." She stood up, and sure enough, her nipples were embossed on the front of her blouse. I wondered if, on some primitive level, this was a turn on for her. I mean, she did just see her first cock in over a year, even if it was shooting cum all over her floor. Did my sister become aroused by seeing my cock or maybe by me masturbating to her video? Is this what she needed to think about?
"Ron?" she said, folding her arms across her breasts and glaring at me. "I said I think you'd better go."
"I'm really sorry, Sis," I told her, wondering if I should try to give her a hug.
"Just go, okay?" she says quietly. "Come back tomorrow, after I've calmed down and you've thought about what you've done. We'll talk more then."
"Sure," I replied, practically running out the door.
I drove around for a while before I went home, thinking about everything that had happened. Half an hour ago I was scared out of my mind, but by the time I got home, I was just anxious to pop my flash drive into my laptop and watch my sister again.
I jacked off to my sister's masturbation video again before I went to bed and wondered what she would say when we talked about it tomorrow. I fell asleep with images of her naked body floating through my brain.
I was nervous about going into Maryanne's computer again, but I wanted to see if she e-mailed Mark about what had happened. She surprised me yesterday by coming home early and I didn't want to make the same mistake today. I booted up her computer, copied her latest e-mails to my flash drive and quickly shut her computer down again. Taking my laptop out of my backpack, I set it up on the kitchen table and inserted the flash drive.
Maryanne did e-mail Mark, telling him about finding me masturbating to the video she sent him. Shit! I was so screwed. He was going to kill me when he got home. Then I read the rest of her e-mail and she went on to tell Mark that maybe I could help her get the close up videos he wanted. What the fuck? She wrote that I'd already seen her masturbating, so what was the difference? And that I was so much better with the camera and editing than she would ever be.
I couldn't believe my sister was proposing that I help her make porn flicks to send to her husband. My cock was hard just thinking about it. My hand was shaking with anxiety, as I opened his reply. Maryanne hadn't even seen his e-mail yet.
"Great idea, Hon! I know it's been hard for you to try to get good close up shots, and your brother is a harmless geek, right? Give the kid a thrill... just remind him to bring extra underwear to change into afterwards. Lol
Love, Mark"
A harmless geek? I should've been pissed, but who cares what he thinks of me. He just gave his permission for me to shoot close up video of my naked sister! Jesus Christ! I couldn't believe the turn of events. Yesterday I thought I was totally fucked! Now, I was getting the offer of a lifetime. I removed the flash drive and stored it in my backpack, then took out my homework. My cock was still hard when Maryanne came home about an hour later.
"Hi," she said quietly, as she set her purse down and walked into the kitchen. My eyes went right to her tits and I probably imagined that I could see her nipples through her blouse, but it didn't stop me from looking.
"Hi," I answered, desperately trying to hide my excitement. I wondered how she was going to approach this with me.
"I'm going to change and check my e-mail, and then we can talk," she said, in a quiet, no nonsense voice. I listened carefully for any hint of the anger that dominated our discussion yesterday and didn't detect any.
"Okay," I replied. "I'm just finishing up my homework," I told her, trying to match her subdued mood. This time when she went down the hallway, I didn't follow her. I knew I was going to see her naked body sometime after she read her e-mail. My cock was throbbing, but I closed my eyes and tried to be patient. Maryanne came back, about fifteen minutes later, in a pair of light blue shorts and a white tank top.
"How many times did you watch the video of me masturbating?" she asked without preamble, as she sat down across from me. Fuck! Three times initially, then again when she caught me, and once more last night before I went to bed.
"Twice," I lied, hoping she didn't press me for details. But she surprised me by smiling.
"Then you're one up on me," she said. "I only saw you cum once, all over the floor," she added sarcastically. "You owe me one." What was she talking about?
"That's your punishment," she said matter-of-factly. "You watched me twice, so I get to watch you once more." She laughed at my jaw dropping expression, as I just stared at her. Was she serious? She wanted to watch me masturbate?
"Come on," she urged, reaching for my hand and pulling me to my feet. This wasn't in the e-mail from Mark; I'm sure I would have noticed something that said "have your harmless geek of a brother masturbate for you." Maryanne led me down the hallway to her bedroom, hesitating as we passed the office door.
"Do you think you'll need the video?" she asked, smiling. "You know, for stimulation..." I just shook my head, not trusting myself to talk. What was going on? This couldn't be real!
"Do you want to stand up, sit down, or lie on the bed?" she asked, as we entered her bedroom. "You were standing up when you came yesterday, but it looked like you'd been sitting at the computer." I just stood there staring at her.
"Do you understand the question, Ron?" Maryanne asked. "Take off your clothes and masturbate for me." She was sitting on the edge of the bed and looking at me expectantly. "It's only fair, right?" she asked.
"Right!" I answered, as I unsnapped my jeans. This was so fucking weird. "You really want me to masturbate, right here in front of you?" I asked.
"Didn't watching me masturbate turn you on?" she asked, and I just nodded. "Why do you think that watching you masturbate wouldn't do the same for me?" Her logic was sound, but the circumstances were weird.
"Take your shirt off, too," she said. "I was completely naked when you watched me."
"You were on video, not standing here in front of me," I pointed out, wondering why this would matter, even as I said it.
"Do you want me to film you masturbating?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.
"No!" I protested, pulling my shirt over my head and tossing it on her dresser. My sister was staring at the bulge in my pants as I kicked off my shoes and lowered my jeans. When I was down to just my jockey shorts, she was fidgeting like crazy, clearly anxious for me to remove them. My sister really wanted to see my cock! Suddenly, I was way more confident.
"You're sure about this?" I teased, as I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my underwear. She nodded vigorously, her eyes never leaving my crotch. I pulled the elastic out, over the head of my cock and let it spring free.
"Mmmm," my sister moaned, licking her lips. "Very nice, Ronnie," she murmured as my shorts fell to the floor and I pushed them aside with my foot. "You've grown up." As far as I know, the last time my sister saw my cock, I was about five years old, so yeah, I guess I would have grown up somewhat.
"Now jack off for me," she insisted as she swung her body around on the bed and lay on her stomach, facing me. With her chin on her hands, she watched anxiously.
"What were you thinking about, when you were watching the video yesterday?" she asked, as I started stroking my hand up and down my rigid shaft.
"I was thinking about how sexy you looked," I answered. In truth, I was thinking about how it would feel to fuck my sister.
"What else?" she urged, leaving one hand under her chin, as she moved the other hand under her body. Fuck! Was she rubbing her pussy? I jacked my cock harder, as I watched my sister's ass raise up a little off the bed.
"I was... um... thinking about... you know... how your... um... pussy would feel." There, I said it, and she was smiling! Fuck me! My sister was glad that I was fantasizing about fucking her pussy!
"Really? Even though I'm your sister?" she teased.
"Yes!" I panted, my hand pumping like crazy on my hard cock. I couldn't believe that I was jacking off with my sister watching me fewer than two feet away.
"What are you thinking about now?" she asked, her ass faintly moving up and down with her hand.
"I'm thinking about what you're doing with your hand," I answered honestly.
"Would you like to see?" she whispered. I just nodded and continued jacking off. "Would it help you cum?" she inquired, sitting up and pulling her tank top over her head. Fuck! My sister was going to get naked... right in front of me... not just in a video, but the real thing!
Unfastening her bra, she stood up and held the cups against her tits, while she watched my reaction. With a seductive smile, she slowly lowered the bra, revealing her firm, round tits and her aroused nipples. Goddamn! They were the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen! Maryanne gave her tits a gentle squeeze and her smile widened, as my hand moved faster on my cock. Who would have thought that the first real tits I saw would belong to my sister?
The tension was building in my balls as Maryanne unzipped her shorts and dropped them to the floor. She was wearing a nearly transparent white thong. I could see her blonde pubic hair right through it. Fuck! I was in full motion now, thrusting my hips forward and yanking on my hard cock.
"Is this what you wanted to see?" she teased, slipping her hand into the front of her thong. I just nodded as she bent slightly forward to push her fingers into her pussy. I couldn't see it, but I knew it was happening, and right here in front of me! I started looking around for a tissue because I knew I was going to blow my load.
Maryanne realized what was happening and pointed to the dresser behind me. A decorative box of tissues was sitting on the far side of the dresser and I lunged for it, pulling three tissues at once, just in time. She smiled as I caught the pool of cum that was spurting into the tissue.
"Now we're even!" Maryanne applauded, as I jerkily deposited more cum into the wad of tissues, and my cock started to go soft. I just smiled at her, wondering what was next, as I took the tissues into the bathroom and flushed them.
"Come over here, Ronnie," she said, patting the bed next to her. She removed her thong while I was in the bathroom and she was sitting naked on the edge of the bed with her legs together.
"I bet you didn't expect that as your punishment, did you?" She laughed as I sat down.
"Not in a million years," I answered, thrilled to be sitting here, with both of us naked!
"You're better at video than I am," she said, stating the obvious. Here it was. She was going to make the pitch. I just nodded.
"You know I've been sending these videos to Mark..." she continued, not waiting for a response from me. "He... it helps him... get through... what he's going through... over there," she said, trying to explain the videos to me.
"I think it's very special of you to do it, Sis," I told her. "I'm sure he appreciates it."
"Yes, well, he does, but he wants them to be more explicit... with more close-up," she said, not as enthusiastically as I would have expected from watching her masturbation video. Not knowing what to say, I just nodded again.
"I'd like your help. It's been hard for me to masturbate for the camera." She could have fooled me.
"I was faking most of that." No way! Okay, she actually did fool me.
"When I saw your cock yesterday..." she paused, glancing down at my cock and I watched her cheeks turn red. "I... um... reacted, I guess the same way you did when you saw my video." That's why her nipples were hard!
"I haven't been that aroused since Mark left," she said, sheepishly. For once, I was speechless. "I haven't seen a cock in over a year. And it really got my juices flowing. I think you can help me make some pretty realistic videos for Mark, if you're willing to do it."
"Of course, Sis," I answered, my cock already on its way to recovery. "Whatever you want me to do."
"I want you to be my cameraman and my video editor." She smiled, playfully. "I just want to be the porn star." She laughed. "I'll be in my trailer, until you're ready for me," she said, pushing her lips into an exaggerated seductive pout. We both burst out laughing.
Fuck! Yesterday I was jacking off to a video of my sister masturbating and today we were both sitting here naked discussing how I could help her make more videos.
"When do you want to start?" I asked, praying she would say "immediately." I couldn't wait to start making really erotic videos with my sister. I'd watched hundreds of porn videos, plus I would finally be able to use the ideas I got from the video editing class I took last semester. Mom would be so proud! Okay, maybe not.
"Right away." She smiled, dropping her eyes back to my recovering cock. "I owe Mark another video. I'd like to send it tonight, if possible."
"Okay, let me think," I said, looking at my sister's naked body and mentally constructing the video that I wanted to make. Maryanne stretched out on her side, smiling, as she watched me figure this out. Wow! Not only did I get to see my sister naked, but I was also getting to make my own fantasy video of her. I thought about all the best scenes from the porn I'd downloaded. My cock was rock hard!
"How long do you usually masturbate?" I asked, taking a deep breath, as I got off the bed and started putting my underwear on.
"What?" she asked, as she sat up and watched me get dressed. "I don't know... it varies." Her cheeks blushed from the question. I pulled my jockey shorts over my erection and reached for my jeans.
"I'm just trying to figure out the video, Sis," I told her. "I mean, when you do it alone, and it's for real, how long does it usually take you to climax?" I asked, still calculating the different shots I was going to need.
"I don't know, Ron. I've never timed it... ten minutes, I guess? It depends," she said, blushing some more.
"On what?" I ask, sincerely curious.
"On who's watching." She smiled. "In fact, I think you should be naked when we do it."
"What?" I exclaimed, as I was about to put my shirt on.
"Take your clothes back off," she instructed, smiling. "I need to see your... um, reaction... you know, while I masturbate." I just stared at her for a minute. Okay, why not? I pulled my jeans and jockey shorts down together and left them in a heap on the floor. My cock was standing at attention.
"Okay, about ten minutes." I thought some more. "We can send about three minutes of video through e-mail," I told her, trying to sound like I knew what I was doing. "We can send multiple parts, but I think it's better if I edit each video down to three minutes." Maryanne nodded her agreement, her eyes never leaving my cock.
"You're really getting into this," she said, excitedly. "Let's get started."
"Okay." I took the camera from the tripod and explained my ideas to her, as I checked the settings. She agreed and lay on her back, while I knelt next to her on the bed. This was so weird!
"We'll start with a close-up of your face and you can say something directly to Mark, like, 'I hope you enjoy the video, Honey' or something like that," I explained, zooming in on her face.
"Hi Honey," Maryanne started, looking directly into the camera. "I hope you like the video. I've got a new cameraman, so let me know what you think," she added, winking at the camera.
"Okay, I'm going to get a close-up of your tits now," I told her, as I stood up on the bed and put one foot on either side of her waist.
"I think I like this view," Maryanne offered, looking up at my balls hanging below my rigid cock, as I aimed the camera down at her tits.
"You can start playing with your nipples," I told her, as I filled the screen with her scrumptious tits and tried to sound more nonchalant than I felt. Or you can start playing with my cock! "Won't your talking be on the video?" Maryanne asked.
"Not after I extract the audio and delete anything we don't want," I answered. "Now talk to Mark as you play with your nipples," I directed. Her hands entered the frame, caressing the sides of her tits and squeezing them before she slid her fingers across her erect nipples.
"Oh, Mark," Maryanne cooed, "I wish you were here to touch my breasts and suck on them." She rolled her taut nipples between her thumb and her index finger. "I miss the way you nibble on my tits and take my nipples between your teeth, stretching them out." As she said this, Maryanne stretched her nipples out from her tits. The camera caught it all and my cock was rock solid. "Oh Mark! I miss you so much!"
I kept the camera focused on her tits, watching her twist and pinch her nipples and squeeze her fleshy globes.
"Okay." I press paused and took a deep breath. Fuck! Stepping back so my feet were on either side of her thighs, I positioned the camera for the next shot.
"I'm going to pan down to your pussy. Keep your legs together until I tell you." As the camera slowly panned down her stomach, I pressed the zoom so her blonde bush filled the screen. I let the camera linger over her pussy mound for a few seconds and then pressed paused.
"Great!" I moved towards her feet and knelt on either side of her ankles. "When I say three, I want you to very slowly pull your legs up and spread your thighs apart." I aimed the camera at the blonde convergence of her thighs and pressed record. "Okay. One, two and three." She pulled her feet from between my knees and very slowly spread her thighs.
"Talk to Mark, as your thighs open," I instructed her, my cock throbbing in anticipation of this close look at my sister's pussy. "Tell him what you want him to do, Sis." I couldn't wait to see her pussy and hear what she said. Please God, stop my hands from shaking!
"Mark, my pussy is aching for your tongue," Maryanne said, as she continued to spread her thighs. At first, all I could see was blonde hair, but as she opened her legs wider, I could make out her pussy lips buried in her blonde bush. "Your tongue would feel so good right now," Maryanne cooed. "I know how you love to lick my pussy and suck out my juices." Oh God! It was like she was talking right to me. If she hadn't been saying her husband's name... maybe I would edit that out for my personal copy.
"Wider, Sis," I told her, as her moist pussy lips came into full view. Her thighs were wide open and my cock was throbbing as I knelt between my sister's legs and zoomed in on her succulent pussy. I'd seen lots of close-up pictures of pussies, but the real thing, with tufts of blonde hair surrounding the glistening folds of her pussy lips, put them all to shame.
"That's it," I tell her, catching my breath. "Now, continue talking to Mark as you slowly slide your fingers down through your pubic hair and into your pussy."
"I wish this was your cock, instead of my fingers, Mark." Maryanne breathed each word, as her fingers touched her pussy lips and gently eased them open. Fuck! I wanted to jack off so badly, as I watched my sister work two fingers into her wet pussy. Maryanne kept murmuring to Mark as I tried to control my breathing and hold the camera steady. I leaned to the side, so the camera got a great view of her fingers moving in and out of her aroused pussy.
I glanced at Maryanne's face and saw that she was staring hungrily at my hard cock as she pumped her fingers in and out of her wet pussy. The only sound in the room was her fingers churning the juices inside her sloshy hole.
"Let me know when you're getting close," I told her. "I want to get some close-ups of your face during your orgasm." Maryanne was staring at me intently and nodding, as she rocked her pussy against her fingers. "When you're done, leave your fingers in your pussy until I tell you to take them out, okay? We need an extreme close up of you removing your fingers."
"Jesus, Ron," Maryanne exclaimed. "Shut the fuck up! You're making me self-conscious!" she panted, as she continued finger fucking herself. I moved in to get some shots of her face. I alternated the camera between her face and her pussy, getting plenty of shots of both.
"Ohhhhhh!" Maryanne moaned, as she pressed her other hand to her clit, using her middle and ring fingers to rub it in a circular motion. "Ohhhhhhh! I'm getting close," she advised me. I kept shooting her pussy for a few more seconds and then moved up to get a close-up of her face contorted in ecstasy.
"Oh! God! Oh! God! I'm cumming!" she cried, rapidly pumping her fingers in and out, as she vigorously rubbed her clit. I moved the camera back to her pussy and zoomed in nice and tight. The squishy sounds of her fingers were competing with her low guttural moans as the soundtrack to her orgasm.
"Oh Fuuuucck!" she screamed, closing her legs tightly around her fingers. I zoomed out to capture the full impact of her body shaking and trembling through her intense orgasm. Her eyes were closed and her chest was heaving, as several smaller tremors rolled through her body.
"Wow," I whispered, staring in wonder at my sister's shivering body and realizing how fake those porn video orgasms are in comparison. I kept the camera rolling until she finally started to relax.
"Whenever you're ready, Sis, spread your legs wide apart and then very slowly remove your fingers." I zoomed in on the back of her hand, squeezed into the triangle formed by the junction of her thighs.
"I'm ready," she breathed after a couple of minutes. I zoomed in tighter as she slowly moved her knees up and spread her legs apart. In slow motion she extracted her fingers from her soggy pussy. I watched in awe as the camera captured her juices, oozing around her fingers and running down her ass cheeks. Fuck! I could smell her sexy aroma and I just wanted to bury my face in her dripping cunt!
"When I say so, slowly move your fingers up towards your mouth," I told her, wondering if she had ever tasted herself before. "I'm going to follow your fingers with the camera and watch you suck your juices off of them." I watched for my sister's reaction. She just smiled and I stood up, putting my feet almost under her ass.
"Okay, do it." I zoomed in on her fingers and panned the camera with them as they moved up her body, across her tits and touched her lips.
"I love you, Mark," she said, as she tantalizingly licked her fingers. "I hope you liked the video." And with that she sucked her fingers into her mouth, almost simulating a blowjob. "Mmmmmm. I wish you could taste this." I wish I could!
"Cut!" I smiled at my sister. "Wow! You're amazing!" I told her, as I climbed off the bed and started towards the office to download the video.
"You are the amazing one, little brother," she replied. "Who knew you were a closet porn director?" She laughed. "But now you owe me one again," she said, matter-of-factly. I stopped at the door and turned around, my hard cock pointing directly at my naked sister.
"What?" I ask, incredulously.
"You've seen me masturbate again, and now it's your turn." She smiled, swinging her legs over the edge of the bed and sitting up. Holy shit! I really did need to jerk my aching cock.
"Okay," I told her. "Give me a second and I'll do it while the video is transferring."
"I can wait." She stretched her arms over her head. "That was very erotic. I really got off! I think Mark is going to be really pleased." Fuck Mark! I was really pleased at that moment. Her nipples were even more pronounced when her tits tightened up against her chest, as she stretched.
"Wait until I get it all edited," I informed her, going to her office, connecting the camera and starting the video transfer.
"Is this okay?" I asked, returning to the bedroom and positioning myself a few feet from the bed.
"Yeah, I like it like this," Maryanne whispered, leaning forward to get a better look at my cock. For the second time that day I grabbed some tissues and jacked off, with my sister watching me.
The lustful look on her face as she stared at my swollen cock encouraged me to give her a show like she just gave me. I was already dripping precum, even before I touched my cock. I watched my sister lick her lips and I stepped even closer to her as I slowly stroked my hand up and down my hard shaft. With my cock about a foot from her face, I handed her the tissues and used my free hand to cup my balls. Her mouth was open and I fantasized about sliding my cock between her moist lips as I pumped faster.
"Wow!" My sister whispered, as I stroked my fingers across my balls and vigorously yanked on my cock. My hard-on had been throbbing for the past half hour and I was more than ready to shoot.
"Here it comes, Sis!" I groaned, as I felt the tension in my balls release. "Hand me the tissues!" I yelled. She held out her hand and I grabbed the tissues just in time to catch the spurt of cum, blasting from my cockhead. I jerked the rest of my load into the tissues and smiled at my sister, whose face was beaming with delight.
"That was awesome!" she shrieked, like the cheerleader she once was. Her tits jiggled on her chest as she jumped to her feet.
"Get dressed and edit my video," she said playfully. "I'm going to take a shower."
Before she left, she kissed my cheek and her right tit brushed my arm. Fuck, it was like an electric jolt went through my body. I watched her bare ass cheeks sway back and forth, as she walked into the bathroom. Wow! Now, I get to watch her again as I edit the video! I discarded the cum-filled tissue in the other bathroom and hurried into the office.
It took me about an hour to edit the video and adjust the audio so the whole thing ran about three minutes. Maryanne came in about halfway through, drying her hair from her shower. She was wearing tan shorts and a red tank top without a bra, her nipples making prominent bumps on the thin material. She got bored after a few minutes and went into the kitchen to make us some dinner.
"Hey Sis, come see this!" I yelled down the hallway when the editing was complete. Maryanne came into the office and pulled up a chair next to mine. I clicked play on Windows Media Player and Maryanne's face filled the screen. The video basically followed the same sequence as the filming, starting with her tits and panning down to her pussy. As her fingers sped up, I interspersed shots of her face, to show how turned on she was, and finally capturing her moans as she came.
I watched Maryanne as much as I watched the video and it was obvious she liked what she saw. When it ended with her licking her fingers, she sat back in her chair staring at me.
"My god, Ron!" she breathed. "That was so hot! Mark is going to love it! Is it ready to send?"
"All set," I told her, showing her where I saved it, so she could attach it to an e-mail.
"Come on, dinner's ready," she said, standing up. "I'll send it to Mark after we eat." I shut down the media player and followed her to the kitchen.
"I can't imagine what you must be thinking," Maryanne blurted, as we sat across from each other, eating spaghetti with meatballs.
"I'm thinking that our next video should be in the shower," I replied, trying to avoid the serious discussion that she was obviously trying to start.
"You really are a geek!" She laughed and I watched her tits jiggle provocatively beneath her thin tank top.
"Does your shower have one of those detachable shower heads with a hose?" I asked.
"Yes," she said, smiling at me. "Both bathrooms do. Why?" She set down her fork and stared at me. "What do you want me to do with it?" she teased.
"Have you ever used it to get yourself off, Sis?" I asked, forking another meatball and popping it into my mouth whole. My imagination was starting to run wild with all the possibilities.
"That would make a great video, wouldn't it?" she asked rhetorically, looking up at me and smiling. "Tomorrow?" I just nodded because my mouth was full.
It was after midnight and I was still awake, long after falling into my bed. Who would have thought I'd be making erotic videos of my big sister? My head was filled with visual ideas, camera angles and settings, and most of all, Maryanne's sexy body. I finally fell asleep with my hard cock in my hand and my mind filled with salacious images of my sister's naked body.
Over the next week, we made a series of extremely erotic videos. Starting with the shower video, we then shot several days of various poses on the bed, including one with her ass towards the camera while she fingered her pussy. I also shot her nude sunbathing in her secluded backyard. Being around my naked sister everyday was entrancing, but living out my fantasy of directing her in my own personal videos was beyond my wildest dreams. Okay, maybe they weren't my own personal videos, but they might as well have been; I had copies of everything on my computer.
Every day, when we were done shooting, Maryanne ensured that we "stayed even" by insisting that I jack off for her. Starting with the shower video, she encouraged me to use the same props that we used for her videos.
For her shower scene, I started with various close ups, as she seductively lathered soap on her tits, ass and pussy. Then leaning against the tile wall, with soapsuds dripping from her tits, she used the detachable showerhead to stimulate her clit. Lying on the floor, I got an amazing upward-angle shot of the water streaming right at her engorged clit. When she climaxed, you could see her milky juices mixing with the beads of water running from her swollen pussy lips. I thought it was one of my best shots ever.
Following my direction, she slowly slid down the tile wall until she was sitting in the tub with her thighs spread wide apart. She told Mark she loved him and then the video faded to black. When she finished showering and drying off, she told me it was my turn with the showerhead. Having never done anything like that, I was surprised at how stimulating it was. Pointing it at the sensitive underside of my cock, I was soon bucking my hips into the spray and shooting big loads of cum onto the tiled shower floor. Maryanne, sitting naked on the floor and watching me made it doubly erotic.
The nude sunbathing was Maryanne's idea. I didn't know that she frequently sunned herself on the secluded patio in her backyard. I should have noticed that she had no tan lines. With her lying naked on a chaise lounge, I shot her rubbing baby oil all over her body. Since part of the video included her standing up and turning around for the camera, she wanted her back covered with oil as well. That was my job, she informed me, and I jumped into it enthusiastically.
For the first time ever, I got to touch my sister's naked body. We'd been naked around each other for several days, shooting video and masturbating for each other, but there was almost zero physical contact... until then. Even if it was just her back, my cock sprang to life, as I rubbed baby oil into her smooth skin. She was lying on her stomach when I poured the oil onto my hands and massaged it into her shoulders and her back. My eyes kept straying to the twin round globes of her sexy ass cheeks.
"Mmmmm," she murmured. "That feels nice." I wholeheartedly agreed. Her skin was warm to the touch and my cock was rock hard, as I sat next to her on the lounge chair and gently massaged the small of her back.
"Do my ass too," she commanded, turning her head to look at me. Without hesitation, I was sliding my hands lower, squeezing my sister's firm, round cheeks and massaging the oil into the crevice between them. She kept her legs tightly together, discouraging me from exploring very far, but her ass felt so good, I almost came just from touching it. My hands lingered on her cheeks, touching and caressing every inch, until my sister abruptly turned over.
"Thanks," she said, smiling at the rigidity of my cock, as she leaned back and spread her legs. "Let's make a movie, Ronnie." I wiped my hands on a towel and reached for the camera.
When we were done, Maryanne handed me the baby oil and told me it was my turn. While she relaxed on the chaise lounge, I poured oil onto my hands and started stroking my cock, another first for me. I enjoyed the slipperiness as I vigorously worked my hands all over my cock and balls. Maryanne lay spread-eagle on her lounge chair watching me. It was extremely arousing, staring at her wet pussy and oil-soaked body, not to mention jacking off outside, which, by the way, was yet another first for me.
I continued to read my sister's e-mails before she got home and the feedback from Mark was off the charts. As I read his latest one, I get an idea for a virtual fuck video.
"That little geek really knows his stuff! I haven't stopped cumming for days! Are you sure he's never done this before? lol
Keep the movies cumming (pun intended!)
Love, Mark"
"Do you have a vibrator?" I asked my sister, when she got home from work.
"Yes," she admitted hesitantly. "What's going on in that warped brain of yours now?" She casually undressed while I lay on her bed watching her. Damn! We had really gotten comfortable around each other. A couple of weeks ago I was dying for a peek at my sister's naked body, and now she was shedding her clothes in front of me like it was the most natural thing in the world.
"I have this idea for a 'virtual fuck video'." I explained while she was taking off her bra and bending down to peel her thong off her legs. My cocked jump in my jeans, as I watched my sister's tits hang from her chest while she bent over. Fuck! I wished I was able to touch, kiss, suck or in some way devour her luscious tits.
"A virtual fuck?" she asked, turning towards me, completely naked.
"Yeah!" I said, jumping off the bed and grabbing the camera from the dresser. "Get your vibrator and I'll describe what I mean."
"Yes, Sir." She snapped to attention, shaking her tits from side to side, and gave me a mock salute. I smiled as she bent over and opened the bottom drawer of her nightstand. Mmm! My sister really had a great ass!
Turning around, she blushed, as she held up a florescent pink vibrator. Crawling up on the bed, she lay down with her head on her pillow.
"Now what?" she asked.
"Now, we shoot what a lover would see, if he were fucking that juicy pussy of yours," I told her, before I realized what I'd said. She didn't react to my faux pas, so I must not have sounded as desperately excited about her pussy as I thought I did.
"Raise your legs up and grab your ankles," I instructed her, taking the vibrator from her and laying it next to her hip. She complied and spread her legs at the same time. I knelt between her legs and aimed the camera right at her splayed-open pussy, making sure her tits and her face were in focus in the background. Her pussy was already glistening with arousal.
"Now talk to Mark and tell him you're ready to be fucked," I directed, positioning the camera so I could see her face. "Invite him to slide right in and get his first virtual fuck." She smiled at me, as I zoomed in on her face.
"Hi Mark, Honey," she said, smiling at the camera. "I am so ready to be fucked right now!" She moaned. "Look at my pussy. See how wet it is! I need your hard cock to quench the burning fire inside of it. Will you fuck me, Mark? Will you jam your hard cock into me? Please?"
As she was talking, I positioned the vibrator between her pussy lips and when she said the word "please," I pushed it up inside her slick hole. The camera was positioned to shoot from her pubic mound up, never showing the vibrator. So it looked like the person watching was fucking her.
"Oh yeah!" she cried, as I turned the vibrator on low. "You feel so good! So fucking good!" She moaned, as I increased the speed and she started pinching and pulling on her nipples.
Gradually increasing the speed, I zoomed in on her face to catch her building arousal. I tried to keep the camera on her as she thrashed around, twisting her head from side to side.
"Oh God!" she screamed. "Harder, fuck me harder!" I cranked up the speed and pushed the vibrator back into her pussy. I kept pushing on the vibrator, trying to keep it in her pussy while I struggled to keep the camera steady, but I couldn't see what I was doing. Before I knew it, the entire vibrator was up inside her pussy and my hand was resting against her wet pussy lips.
"Oh fuck! Ronnie! That feels so good!" I should've corrected her, but I was too engrossed with the feeling of her pussy juice running down my fingers. I figured I would just edit it later, at least for Mark's copy.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Maryanne was bucking her hips off the bed while I held the vibrator in place. Pressing my hand against her slick pussy, I smeared her juices all around.
"I'm cumming! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! God! I'm cuuuuummmmmminnnng!" she screamed, shaking and shivering, as I attempted to turn off the vibrator with one hand. Once it was off, she continued to tremble, and I slowly extracted it from her soggy hole, panning the camera down to show her freshly-fucked pussy. Zooming in on her swollen lips and her dripping juices, I slowly panned up to her face and told her to thank Mark for a wonderful fuck.
"Thank... you... Mark," she panted, smiling at the camera. "That was wonderful!" Her eyes drifted to my hard cock, as the camera faded to black.
"And... cut!" I exclaimed, leaning back and smiling at my sister. I nonchalantly brought my fingers to my lips and licked off my sister's juices. Goddamn! My first taste of pussy juice! My sister's pussy juice! Scrumptious! If Maryanne noticed what I was doing, she didn't let on.
"Your turn," she immediately pointed out, looking at my hard cock. Watching my sister get off with the vibrator and tasting her pussy juice had made my cock as hard as nails.
"Give me the camera," she demanded, and I handed it to her. "Jack off right where you are," she instructed, seductively, pointing the camera at me, "using the vibrator."
"What?" I ask. "What do you mean?" I didn't want that vibrator anywhere inside me, despite where it had just been. Maryanne just laughed.
"Hold the vibrator against the underside of your cock, Geek!" she laughed. "You'll see." She spread her legs and pulled her knees up so I got an amazing view of her dripping pussy while I jacked off. Kneeling between her legs, I turned on the vibrator and pushed it against my hard cock. Holding it just under my cockhead, it vibrated my whole cock, sending pleasure signals like I'd never felt before.
"Oh fuck, Sis!" I exclaimed. "That's incredible!" With my cock in one hand and pressing the vibrator against it with my other hand, I was soon humping against it, as the tension in my balls increased. In record time, I was ready to cum. Fuck! I pulled the vibrator from my cock and looked around for some tissues.
"Don't stop!" Maryanne demanded, still filming.
"But... I'm ready..." I panted, vigorously jacking my cock.
"Just cum!" she encouraged. "Cum on my stomach!" she yelled. And I did. My cock just exploded, shooting an arc of cum just under my sister's tits. Another spurt hit her pubic mound and the rest dribbled down over my hand. Releasing my cock, I moved from between my sister's legs and collapsed on the bed beside her.
"Jesus, Maryanne!" I sighed, "that was intense!" I didn't say anything about the small pools of cum lying on her bare skin.
"Yeah!" she said excitedly, smiling at me, as she dipped her finger into the cum, resting just beneath her tits. I watched her bring her finger to her lips and suck my cum off of it. Damn!
"We're even now," she explained. "You tasted me, and now I've tasted you." Apparently my prior activity did not go unnoticed. I just shook my head and watched as she scooped up more of my cum and tantalizingly put it into her mouth. I'd have given anything for her to taste it directly from the source.
"Do you want to rest a minute before you start editing?" she asked. I just nodded and she put her arm around my shoulder and pulled me against her. I lay cuddled up to my sister's side, savoring the bare skin contact, as my cock quickly recovered and pushed against her thigh. Fuck! I just came all over my sister!
The next day, I checked Maryanne's e-mail before she got home. Mark was ecstatic about the virtual fuck video. He just went on and on about how hard he came while he was watching it.
"You and your geeky brother are doing amazing things with video. I loved the virtual fuck - why not a virtual blowjob? You guys need to take this to the next level! If you don't know what that is, ask the geek, I'm sure he'll know.
Love you,
Mark"
"What do you think he means?" Maryanne asked, showing me the e-mail when she got home. Of course I read it earlier and already reacted to the way he kept referring to me as the geek. Why is it so endearing when my sister calls me that, and so condescending when Mark does?
"I don't know, Sis," I answered hesitantly, "what do you think?" I'm pretty sure I knew what Mark meant and it re-surfaced all the misgivings that I'd been too selfish to admit to myself. Caught up in the excitement of making erotic movies with my sister, I'd never bothered to ask the fundamental question of why her husband would sanction this. He was basically turning her into a porn star for his own pleasure... and I was helping him!
"How would we even do a virtual blowjob?" Maryanne asked, puzzling over the e-mail. "And what is 'the next level'?" She was looking at me expectantly.
"Well..." I started, choosing my words carefully. "I'm not sure about the 'virtual blowjob', but if you've seen full length porn videos, they usually progress from voyeurism, like we've been doing, to actual sex acts with another person; a blowjob, pussy eating, fucking... that kind of thing."
I stopped, wondering if my brother-in-law actually wanted Maryanne and me to film ourselves having sex. Not that I hadn't thought about sex with my sister... obviously, I had thought about quite it a lot! Hell, we'd been masturbating for each other with every video. Of course, I'm pretty sure Mark didn't know all of that.
"Do you think that's what he means?" my sister asked me. We were in the office and I was standing next to her chair, reading the e-mail over her shoulder. We were both fully dressed for once. As soon as she got home, Maryanne let me know that we would have to suspend shooting for a few days because she had her period. I was already thinking about how I could use some of the outtakes to make a couple of additional videos.
"Ask him," I suggested, my cock stiffening at the idea of my sister giving me a blowjob. The growth in the front of my jeans was right next to Maryanne's elbow and she wasn't shy about mentioning it.
"Mmmm," she murmured, looking at my hard bulge, as she typed the e-mail. "You like the idea, huh?" she asked with a smile.
"Did you think I wouldn't?" I asked blatantly. "You watch me get hard every day just from looking at you. How do you feel about it, Sis?" I inquired, wondering if she had felt any of the same misgivings that I had.
"I don't know," she replied, clicking send and turning her eyes back to my cock, which was seriously straining against the denim material. "I haven't touched a cock in over a year." She got quiet. "I really miss it." She tentatively rested her fingers on my cock, like she was taking its pulse, through my jeans. It twitched slightly from her touch and she put her thumb on the other side to hold it still.
"You have a beautiful cock, Bro," she said softly, moving her thumb and fingers back and forth, almost imperceptibly. "I love watching you masturbate." She took her hand away from my throbbing cock and looked up at my face. "How do you feel about us making a video together?"
Good question! How did I feel? Thrilled, of course, for the opportunity to fuck my sister, but a little unnerved at the idea of capturing it on video too.
"I don't know, Sis," I told her honestly. "Sending your husband videos of you masturbating is one thing. If somehow it got compromised, everyone would understand that you only intended it for him. But do you really want to send out a video of you having sex with your brother? That could really come back and haunt you one day." In the midst of my jabbering, the computer had sounded to indicate a new e-mail had popped up.
"We've got a response," she informed me, turning back to the computer.
"What does it say?" I asked, not even certain of what I wanted it to say. Of course I wanted to fuck my sister, I just wasn't sure I wanted it to be because her husband wanted to see a video of it. Then again, I guess I should never look a gift horse in the mouth.
"He says he knew you'd get it. He's so horny and he figures I must be, too. He'd rather be here himself, but since that's impossible, he wants you to be his surrogate. He says he can't think of anyone he'd rather have keep me warm for him than you," she sighed, not looking at me. Neither of us talked for a few minutes and then my sister broke the silence.
"I think this war has changed so many things that we used to believe were wrong," she sobbed, tears streaming down her cheeks. "He's only doing this for me. He can see how horny I am in the videos." She smiled as she wiped her cheeks.
"Anyway," I interrupted, clearing my throat, "we don't have to decide tonight." I tried lightening the mood. "It's Friday night, let's do something fun," I added, trying to conjure up some enthusiasm. "We can't make any more videos while you're... you know... so let's forget about it for a while and give this thing some space. What would you like to do?"
"No movies!" she laughed. "How about we call for a pizza and play video games? I bet I can still kick your ass!"
"You are so going to regret that comment!" I informed her, as she grabbed her phone and called the pizza place.
Maryanne and I used to play video games all the time when she lived at home. Being four years older was a distinct advantage and she usually beat me. Of course, I play a lot more than she does now, so I didn't think that was going to happen tonight.
As we set up the game and waited for the pizza delivery, I found myself reflecting on our last few days together. Maryanne kept surprising me by how excited she got watching me masturbate. I know I'm living out a fantasy and the bubble could pop at any minute, but I couldn't help imagining what it would be like to actually fuck her.
We had a great evening, eating pizza and playing video games. Maryanne even let me have a couple of beers after she called mom and told her I was spending the night. We were pretty evenly matched, and at midnight we decided to call it a night with four wins each.
"Thanks, Ronnie," Maryanne said, hugging me tightly against her. "That's the best evening I've had in a long time." She didn't seem to want to let me go and I certainly wasn't complaining.
"Better than masturbating for the camera?" I joked, smiling to let her know I was kidding.
"You're the best brother in the world," she said, "but I'm exhausted." We walked down the hallway, arm-in-arm towards the bedrooms. At the door to the guest room, I kissed her on the forehead and told her I loved her.
"I love you, too," she replied. "What do you want to do tomorrow?"
"I've been meaning to mow your lawn and wash your car," I told her casually, "but I can be talked out of it if you have something else in mind."
"No!" she exclaimed. "That would be wonderful. Maybe in the afternoon we could take a picnic to the lake. It'll be like old times." My sister and I had spent a lot of time feeding the ducks and riding the paddleboats on the lake.
"It's a date!" I told her, kissing her cheek. "Goodnight, Sis."
"Goodnight, Geek," she said, pulling her top over her head as she walked into her bedroom. We'd been naked together so much lately that you'd think my cock wouldn't react to that. You'd be wrong!
It took me forever for to get to sleep. I couldn't seem to get my mind around my brother-in-law's request. He wanted a video of me and Maryanne fucking! My cock got hard as I envisioned myself lying on their bed, holding the camera, while Maryanne gave me a blowjob.
I don't know how long I'd been asleep when I felt the covers being lifted off of me. I was lying on my side and the movement was coming from behind me.
"Move over, Ronnie," I heard my sister's voice say. I slid over to give her room in the double bed and she crawled in behind me. I was naked under the covers.
"I couldn't sleep," she told me while snuggling up to me. I could feel her bare tits against my back, but for obvious reasons I assumed she was wearing panties. Sliding her arm over my side and resting her hand on my stomach, she kissed the back of my head and wished me goodnight.
"Goodnight, Sis," I replied, my cock reaching up towards her hand. I lay awake, wondering what to make of my sister's behavior. On the one hand, she picked a time when she knew we couldn't do anything, but on the other hand, we'd never slept in the same bed together before. I pondered that, as I hear her rhythmic breathing, indicating she'd already fallen asleep.
When I woke up, Maryanne was gone and I almost wondered if it had been a dream. Getting out of bed, I reached for my clothes, but they were gone too! My jeans, shirt, underwear and even my socks were missing. All I had left were my shoes.
"Good morning, sleepyhead, how did you sleep?" Maryanne inquired, coming right up to me and giving me a kiss on the cheek. My morning hard-on standing at attention caught a glance from her, but she didn't mention it. She was dressed in shorts and a spaghetti strap camisole top and I was standing there naked, while she smiled from ear to ear.
"I slept fine. Where are my clothes?" I asked, as Maryanne turned towards the door.
"In the washer. I thought you might want clean clothes for after you mow the lawn. You can borrow some of Mark's clothes to work outside. Hungry? I made some bacon and I can scramble up some eggs."
"Sounds great!" I told her, wondering if I dreamt her coming into my bed last night. We ate breakfast and Maryanne cleaned the house while I mowed her lawn and washed her car. It took most of the morning, and when I was done, I was sweating like a pig. I headed into the house to take a shower.
"Can I watch you shower?" Maryanne asked, as I walked into the house with my shirt off.
"Sure," I answered, wondering if she was ready to talk about Mark's e-mail yet.
Leaving the shower curtain open, I self-consciously lathered soap all over my body while Maryanne sat on the toilet seat watching me. My cock was rock hard and pointing right at her, as I washed my arms.
"I wouldn't mind watching you take care of that." She nodded towards my hard cock as I rinsed off.
"What's in it for me?" I smiled, as I turned towards her and started stroking my hard cock. "We won't be even," I pointed out, as I worked my hand up and down the length of my shaft.
"No, we won't." She smiled, raising her eyebrows. I couldn't tell what she was thinking as she sat there intently watching me jack off in the shower. When I felt myself getting close, I turned and shot my load against the tile wall. Maryanne watched me rinse off and then handed me a towel before silently leaving the bathroom. I wondered what that was all about.
As promised, Maryanne had a picnic packed and we drove to the park, spreading a blanket on a grassy hill overlooking the lake. It was a warm day, with enough breeze to make it comfortable. We sat next to each other on the blanket and dug into the sandwiches.
"So..." Maryanne started, finishing her lunch and stretching out on the blanket. "What do you think about Mark's idea?" She looked at me, as I tried to decide what to say. "Just be honest, Ron. Whatever you're thinking, please just be totally honest."
"Okay," I told her, moving the picnic basket and stretching out next to her. "I have mixed feelings, Sis. There are a lot of conflicting thoughts going through my head." She nodded knowingly, like I was describing her feelings too. "First, the possibility of sex with you, in any form, is so exciting that I just keep trying to ignore all of the other things." I watched a smile spread across her face.
"That's nice, Ronnie," she said, taking my hand. "I feel like that, too, but it might just be that after a year, I'm incredibly horny." She laughed nervously. "What are the conflicting things?" she inquired, continuing to hold my hand.
"Well..." I leaned up, so I could more easily look into her eyes. Doing so also gave me a great view of her tits, but I tried to keep my eyes on her face, not the front of her camisole top. "It bothered me that your husband wants you to have sex with your brother so he can watch it on video. I guess it's always bothered me that your videos could be compromised over there. How do you know that other soldiers aren't seeing your videos?" I asked.
"Mark assured me that he has password-protected every file and that he's the only one who watches them," she said, squeezing my hand. "I'm glad you're concerned for me, though."
I tried to think of what else to say, without giving away that I had read all of her e-mails.
"Okay, assume they are protected. Isn't it kind of sick for him to want to watch a video of you giving me a blowjob, or of us having sex? Isn't it kind of demeaning... to you, I mean?" Maryanne looked at me, but didn't answer right away.
"Not sick," she finally replied, "but definitely weird. Mark and I have always had an adventurous sex life. We role-play all sorts of things to increase the eroticism when we have sex. To me, this is just a long distance extension of our role playing." She looked at me questioningly. "Does that make sense?"
"Yeah, I guess," I told her. "Look, Sis, I'll do whatever you want. In fact, very willingly, but let me say one more thing." Maryanne nodded. "If someday this video were to surface somewhere, beyond yours or Mark's control, how would you explain it to your kids?" My sister just looked at me and didn't say anything for a few minutes. I wondered why the fuck I was even trying to talk her out of this.
"I wish I could get my students to think as maturely as you do," she finally supplied, nicely avoiding my question.
"Maybe you should try offering them what you're offering me." I smiled, trying to lighten things up. "Hey, have you tried masturbating for them?" I laughed as I leaned over and started tickling her ribs.
"Stop! Stop!" She was laughing and squirming all over the blanket, as I continued my assault on her ribs. I swung my leg over and straddled her, as I grabbed her wrists and held them with one hand.
"Maybe, you should have a 'bring your camcorder to school' day!" I joked, as I pulled her arms over her head and started tickling her armpits. I was practically lying on her tits and they were jiggling against my chest.
"You're going to make me pee!" she cried, laughing so hard that tears were running down her cheeks.
"Okay," I relented, taking my hand from her armpit and moving it up to help keep her arms over her head. Our faces were inches from each other and her tits were swelling against my chest, as she caught her breath. There's no doubt that she could feel my hard-on pressing into her stomach.
"I love you, Sis," I whisper, lowering my mouth to hers. When our lips met, her body relaxed and I let go of her arms, stretching my body over hers. The kiss only lasted a fraction of a second before Maryanne started tickling my sides and flipped me onto my back. Rolling with me, she maneuvered her leg over me and sat astride my body, while she continued to tickle me.
"Hey," I yelled, "that's not fair, I was distracted!" I laughed as Maryanne grabbed my wrists and held them over my head, just like I did hers. I could've easily have gotten loose, but my sister's tits were pressed against my chest again and her face was inches from mine. She smiled as she wiggled her butt around on my hard cock. Ohmygod! I really did want to fuck her!
"I love you too!" she said, planting a quick kiss on my lips. "Let's go home, Geek." She let go of my hands and stood up. Reaching down, she helped me up and we walked hand in hand back to my car. My cock was bulging profanely.
I spent the early part of the following week editing existing footage into new videos for Mark. I had a new one ready each day when Maryanne got home and I showed it to her before she made dinner. I'd gotten obviously turned on while editing the videos, but Maryanne didn't ask me to masturbate for her and neither of us brought up Mark's e-mail. I did masturbate at home though, watching the videos that I had copied to my flash drive.
By Friday, I'd used up most of the extra footage and I was reading Mark's latest e-mails. He liked what I'd done with the outtakes, especially the pussy close-up collage. That was actually a favorite of mine, too. I took every close-up of Maryanne fingering her pussy and edited them together in a three-minute video. It was awesome! I had gotten off twice while watching it the previous night.
Mark's e-mails had also become more explicit in what he wanted to see Maryanne and I do together. The latest one ended with an absurd, patriotic plea.
"I guess you're still thinking about the videos with the geek. Well think about this, hon, we're risking our lives over here for these damn people, while you and the geek play video games. I'll spare you the details of what I see every day, but if you knew what a hellhole this is, you'd know that what I'm asking you to do is nothing compared to what I'm going through.
Please, stop thinking about it and just do it!
Love you, Mark"
I shut down the computer and flipped on the TV in the living room. I was fuming that Mark would make Maryanne think it's her patriotic duty to fuck her brother and make a video of it! Fortunately, I'd calmed down by the time my sister got home.
"Hey, Geek," she greeted me, giving me a kiss on the cheek. "How you doing?"
"Pretty good, Sis," I told her, getting up and following her into the bedroom. I'd figured it had been a week and her period had to have already ended. I plopped down on her bed and watched as she changed her clothes.
"Ready to make another video?" she asked, shedding her clothes and turning towards me with a smile.
"Sure," I responded, immediately sitting up on the edge of the bed. "What did you have in mind?" I asked, unbuttoning my shirt, as I watched my sister pull down her thong. God! I never got tired of seeing her gorgeous body! My cock was already hard by the time I pulled my jeans and underwear off.
"Get the camera," she told me. "I think we should make the virtual blowjob." She smiled, staring at my erect cock. Fuck yes! I grabbed the camera and crawled up on the bed.
"I've thought about this..." I started, but she interrupted me.
"Of course you have." She smiled as I lay on my back and positioned the camera on my chest, turning the viewscreen so I could see my cock. I watched as my sister positioned herself between my legs. God! I'd dreamt about this, but seeing her kneeling there with her tits almost touching my thighs was more erotic than anything I'd ever imagined.
"I think if I shoot it like this, you can talk to Mark, like it's his cock in your mouth," I told her, unable to hide my excitement about my first blowjob. And by my sister, no less!
"Okay," she said, smiling as she looked at my cock and then the camera.
"And... action!" I directed, pushing record on the camcorder and watching my sister wrap her hand around the base of my cock.
"I wish this was you, Mark," she exclaimed, looking right at the camera, as she stuck her tongue out and flicked it against the head of my cock. Oh fuck! Running her tongue up and down the length of it, she coated my entire cock with a thin layer of saliva. Oh God! This was driving me crazy! My sister was actually licking my cock! And I was filming it!
"It's been so long since I've sucked your cock, honey," she said, swirling her tongue around my cockhead between words. I hope you enjoy this." She was smiling as she slowly fed my cock into her mouth. Wrapping her lips around my cockhead, she expertly worked her tongue on the underside of it while her hand slid up and down the length of my shaft. Fuck! I'd died and gone to heaven!
"Mmmmmm," Maryanne moaned right into the camera. "So good... so hard... " She purred as her fingers teased my balls and her tongue was all over my cock. I'd never felt anything like this. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine it would feel this good! Maryanne winked at me, or maybe at Mark, before resting her palms on my thighs and slowly gliding her lips all the way down to the base of my cock.
"Oh fuck!" I couldn't keep quiet. She's got my cock in her throat! My sister is deepthroating me! Her tongue was swirling around the base of my cock and I felt like I was going to cum any second! She held my cockhead in her throat and then slowly pulled her lips back along my shaft. Her tongue was all over the head of my cock, as she bobbed her head up and down and pumped me into her mouth. Corkscrewing her hand up and down my cock, she took a breath every so often and licked all around my cockhead.
"Fuck, Maryanne!" I moaned, closing my eyes and throwing my head back. I felt her tits hitting my thighs, as her head bounced up and down and she kept pumping my cock with her hand. I glanced down, and her eyes sparkled, as she again slid her lips all the way to the base of my cock.
"I'm cumming!" I yelled, thrusting my hips up and driving my hard cock into my sister's mouth. She pulled back, holding my cockhead in her mouth and working her tongue all around it, as she vigorously jacked her hand up and down my shaft. I didn't even try to hold back, as my balls tensed and I exploded into her warm mouth. She sucked and swallowed, as I jerkily deposited load after load of cum into her mouth. When I was completely spent, she let my cock plop from her mouth and looked toward the camera. Opening her mouth, she showed her husband her mouthful of cum and then smiled as she swallowed it.
"Hurry home!" she said, when she was done swallowing. I glanced at the viewfinder and saw it was pointing at a spot just above Maryanne's left shoulder. Fuck! I was so engrossed in the blowjob that I forgot to keep an eye on the camera.
"Uh oh! I messed up, Sis," I informed her, sheepishly. "I wasn't watching the camera."
"What do you mean?" she asked, still licking cum from her lips.
"We might have to do it over," I told her, trying my best to sound disappointed.
"How many takes do you think we might need?" she teased, lifting my spent cock and sucking it back into her mouth. Swirling her tongue around, she sucked and licked off the cum residue. Ohmygod! Her tongue was like magic! Within minutes I was hard again. My sister kissed the tip of my fully recovered cock, before sitting back on her ankles and smiling at me.
"There's no telling, Sis." I smiled. "We might need several takes before we get it right," I laughed.
"If I do this again we'll be uneven." She smiled mischievously. It took me a minute to realize what she might mean and then a big smile spread across my face.
"We don't want to be uneven!" I exclaimed, sitting up and motioning for her to take my place.
"No camera," she whispered, as she lay on her back and spread her shapely thighs. Fuck! My sister wanted me to eat her pussy! Not for the camera, not for Mark, just for her pleasure! I excitedly crawled up between her legs and positioned my face inches from her wet pussy lips. Unencumbered by a viewfinder, the sight of my sister's pussy was almost overwhelming and I couldn't wait to taste her sweet nectar again.
I'd never actually eaten pussy before and I was a little nervous. I'd watched so many porn videos and read enough "how to satisfy a woman" books that I knew what to do, but as I watched the rise and fall of her tits, I was still afraid I'll come off as an inexperienced geek.
"Come on, Geek." Maryanne urged, the nickname making me more self-conscious. "Make us even. Make us VERY even," she sighed, pulling her knees back and spreading her thighs wider. Her puffy lips were glistening with pussy juice, almost begging me to take a taste.
"No problem, Sis," I told her with more confidence than I felt. Determined to give my sister a mind-blowing orgasm, I lowered my mouth to her succulent pussy. With one long lick I ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit up along the inside of her lips and over her hooded clit. Fuck! That tasted good! Extending my tongue, I pushed it into her hot pussy.
"Ohhhh! God!" Maryanne moaned, as I lapped her tasty nectar from inside her burning snatch. I gently sucked one and then the other of her pussy lips into my mouth, as I breathed in her erotic scent. The taste, mixed with her aroma, was intoxicating and I felt like I was getting high on my sister's pussy. I ran my tongue all around the folds of her pussy lips before plunging it back into her pussy.
"Oh my god, Ronnie! It's been so long!" she moaned, pushing her ass off the bed and driving my tongue deeper into her wanton pussy. Slipping my arms behind her knees, I lifted her legs to give me better access and started pistoning my tongue in and out.
"Ohhh! Yeah!" my sister moaned as I licked all around, pushing my tongue against her inner walls. I must've been doing something right, because she was creaming like crazy. I had pussy juice all over my mouth and my cheeks as I gently rocked my head from side to side, trying to give her different sensations with my tongue.
So far, I'd just been going on instinct and responding to my sister's signals, but I remembered one of the books about cunnilingus emphasizing using your fingers and your mouth together.
"Ahhhh!" my sister sighed, as I continued to assault her pussy with my tongue. Pushing my tongue up so I was licking just inside the top of her slit, I slid two fingers inside her steamy pussy, as I lightly licked her clit.
"Ohhhhhhhh God!" Maryanne was moaning and moving her body around, humping my fingers and pushing her clit against my tongue.
"Don't stop Ronnie! Just keep doing that! Exactly that! Oh! God! Its building! Don't Stop!" As if I had any intention of stopping. I started sucking on her clit and flicking my tongue across the tip of it.
"Ohhh YES! So good! So good!" She was bucking her ass wildly in the air, as my tongue kept flicking her clit. I was pumping my fingers in and out and twisting back and forth, sloshing her hot juices all around inside her fiery pussy.
"I'm cumming!" she announced, grasping the sheet with her hands and raising her head and shoulders off the bed. Her eyes were closed, her mouth was open and she was moaning loudly, as she pushed harder against my mouth and my fingers. My face and hand were soaked with her juices, as she frantically grinded against my mouth. Abruptly, she pushed my forehead back and clamped her pussy around my fingers, her body jerking wildly. Her juices ran down my hand and soaked the sheet beneath her ass. Collapsing back on the bed, her pussy pulsated around my fingers, as I licked my lips and stared at her spasming body.
I did it! I got my sister off! My cock was rock hard as I sat back, entranced by her body shaking with post-orgasmic shivers. Leaving my fingers inside her steamy pussy, I traced kisses up her smooth torso. She was still catching her breath from her orgasm as I gently kissed her rising and falling nipples, which were sticking straight up from the center of her areolas. She didn't push me away, so I suckled at her breast, teasing her nipple with my tongue.
This was fucking unreal! My sister actually sucked my cock, I ate her pussy and now I was sucking her tits! I spotted the camera, lying on the bed next to her, and realized how much the game had changed, transitioning from videos for Mark to... what, exactly?
"Mmmmm." She sighed, cradling my head in her arm and holding me against her tits. After sucking on each of her nipples for a few minutes, I continued planting kisses up her neck and onto her face. My fingers were still trapped between her tightly closed thighs and I made no effort to remove them from her hot, quivering pussy. I loved the feeling of her pussy walls pulsating around my fingers and tried to imagine my cock in their place.
"That was very nice, Geek," Maryanne said, dreamily, as I kissed her chin and moved my mouth over hers. I'd never kissed my sister on her lips, at least not like this. I hesitated, lightly pressing my lips against hers, and then licking my tongue across her lips, to see how she would react. Opening her eyes, she stared at me for a second, and then opened her mouth and sucked my pussy-soaked tongue inside. The kiss built slowly as we alternated pushing our tongues into each other's mouths.
We were still kissing feverishly when I felt her thighs relax from around my fingers. Without breaking the kiss, I gently rocked them in and out between her slippery lips. Our tongues were still entwined inside her mouth, as she responded to the stimulation. Reaching her hand between us, she found my rock-hard cock and encircled it with her fingers, lightly massaging the entire length.
"Mmmmpph," I moaned into her mouth, as I pumped my fingers more rapidly into her pussy. Fuck! Oral sex and now we were masturbating each other! I pumped my cock between her fingers.
"We won't be even, if you keep doing that." She smiled, pushing me onto my back and disengaging my fingers from her soggy pussy.
"Are we even?" I asked, as I watched my sister massage my throbbing cock.
"Very even, Ronnie." She smiled, lowering her mouth to my cockhead and swirling her tongue around it. Fuck! My cock twitched as she sucked the head into her mouth and quickly ran her tongue along the underside of it. Letting it plop from her mouth, she kissed the tip before swinging her leg over my thigh and straddling me. Oh fuck! She was going to fuck me!
"Oh yeah!" I cried, as my sister positioned her dripping pussy over my cock head. Smiling broadly, she locked her eyes on mine and slowly lowered herself down. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I couldn't believe how good it felt when her steamy pussy lips enveloped the mushroomed head of my cock.
"Oh fuck!" I moaned, as she slid down, cocooning my hard cock in her hot, velvety pussy. There was no way to describe it! Nothing had ever felt like this! As good as her mouth had been, it couldn't hold a candle to her hot pussy! I tried to push my cock further up into her, but her weight kept me from moving.
"This will make us more even," Maryanne sighed, as she sat astride me with her eyes closed, not moving. Damn! My gorgeous, sexy sister was sitting on my hard cock! I had to keep telling myself that it was actually happening! Her hot, wet pussy was wrapped around my cock and her bare ass cheeks were resting against my thighs!
"Ohmygod, Sis!" I moaned, my hard cock throbbing inside of her fiery pussy.
"Are you okay with this?" she asked belatedly, obviously referring to the incestuous aspect of our actions. "Because I really need it." She sighed again.
"Okay? I keep thinking I should pinch myself to see if I'm dreaming!" I breathed, as she started slowly rocking back and forth. I watched her tits swing towards me, as she picked up her rhythm, but I didn't reach for them, afraid I would break whatever spell was causing her to fuck me. My sister reached down and severely pinched my nipples, sending a jolt of pain into my chest, along with an erotic pulse through my loins.
"Oww!" I cried, as she smiled at me.
"Are you dreaming?" she laughed, as she reached for my hands, pulling them up against her tits and pressing my palms against her hard nipples. I squeezed her flesh and teased her nipples, as she rocked faster.
"No," I answered in a throaty whisper, barely able to talk. Fuck! I'm no longer a geeky virgin! My wonderful sister is taking my fucking virginity! Taking it so damn good!
"Ohhh! Yeah! It's been so long!" she moaned, as she rode my cock. I was glad I had already come once, as I thrust up into my sister and mauled her tits with my hands. Leaning her hands on my chest, she was bouncing so high on my cock that she was almost bouncing off.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" Maryanne moaned, increasing the intensity of her rhythm. Her eyes were closed and she was moving faster and faster, until I lost my grip on her tits.
Dropping my hands to her hips, I thrust my cock up to match her rhythm. Her tits developed a motion of their own, bouncing freely on her chest. Bucking my ass off the bed, I watched them dance in circles, as I felt the tension building in my cock. I was about to tell her I was going to cum, when she slammed down hard on my cock and gripped her pussy muscles around it.
"Ohhhhhhhhh! Fuuuuuuucccccck!" my sister screamed, as her orgasm ripped through her body and her pussy quivered around my cock, detonating my release. I tensed my legs and squeezed my fingers into her thighs, as my cock erupted deep inside of her. She collapsed on my chest and I wrapped my arms around her, both of us panting for breath. Her pussy was spasming around my cock, as I jerked out the last few spurts and we lay trembling in the afterquakes of our orgasms.
"Thank you, I needed that," Maryanne said once she'd caught her breath, nuzzling her cheek against my chest. She was thanking me? What a wonderful fucking world!
"No, thank you, Sis," I told her, kissing the top of her head. "That was incredible."
"My husband knows what I need," she said quietly and we both fell silent for a while.
"Do you really think the videos could get compromised?" she asked, apparently rethinking her husband's requests.
"Everything can be compromised," I answered truthfully, wondering where she was going with this. "War makes for intense friendships; he could be tempted to share with his buddies," I informed her, wondering if he already had. Silence again ensued, until my sister extricated herself from my spent cock and kissed my cheek before getting off the bed.
"Erase the video," she said firmly, as she left the bedroom, apparently heading for her office.
"What are you doing?" I asked, as I grabbed the camera and followed her. She was sitting naked in front of the computer.
"Sending Mark an e-mail, telling him that you were uncomfortable having sex with your sister," she answered, smiling at me. "You did seem a little uncomfortable there for a while," she added with a wink.
"You're right, I was," I told her, as I worked the buttons on the camcorder, deleting our blowjob video and wondering what my sister was thinking. I couldn't get the image of her riding my cock out of my brain and I was starting to recover again. My sister noticed my cock stirring and shook her head.
"Good thing you recover fast," she smiled, as she started typing another e-mail. "I've got a year of pent up frustration to work through," she laughed.
"What are you doing now?" I asked.
"Sending Mom and Dad an e-mail, telling them how nice it's been having you visit me regularly and asking them to try to convince you to move in with me until Mark gets home." She smiled as she hit send. "Don't appear overanxious when you talk to them," she instructed, staring at my fully recovered cock as she stood up.
"I'll try not to, Sis," I replied, taking her into my arms. "The video is gone," I told her, while I brushed several strands of hair from her face so I could lower my mouth to hers.
"Good," she replied, turning her face to mine. "No evidence." I pulled her body tightly against mine, mashing my hard cock against her flat stomach, as I plunged my tongue into her mouth. She responded, wrapping her arms around my neck and sucking my tongue in deeper. Our tongues explored each other's mouths, as we ground our naked bodies together.
"We'll still make our daily videos for Mark," she said, breaking the kiss.
"Of course," I agreed, squeezing her ass cheeks.
"Ron," my sister said quietly. "You realize this is just until Mark gets home, right?" She had tilted her head back so she was looking me in the eyes. "I'm just using you." She smiled.
"What's in it for me?" I asked facetiously, a broad grin on my face.
"Well..." she said, over-dramatically placing a finger on her chin. "This morning you were a virgin." Apparently, it was more obvious than I thought. "There is a lot more to sex than what we've done today, so you're still a virgin in a variety of ways," she intoned, matter-of-factly. "But I'm going to pop your cherry in every one of them," she informed enthusiastically, taking my hand and leading me out of her office.
My sister had just described the basis of my most erotic fantasies: sex school with her as the teacher and me as the pupil. My cock was aching for more instruction already. She stopped and turned towards me, taking my hard cock in her hand.
"Ronnie," she said, lightly running her fingers up the length of my cock, causing it to twitch in her hand. "I will unravel the mysteries and the mystique of the fairer sex for you." Her eyes were locked on mine as she swirled her thumb over my cockhead. "Under my tutelage, you will become an extraordinarily talented lover, able to satisfy a woman in a wide variety of ways." She smiled, giving my cock a quick squeeze before continuing down the hall towards her bedroom. "And that's what's in it for me... I don't know about you," she kidded, almost doubling over from laughter.
"That's not funny," I told her, but it really was and I was laughing right along with her.
"Seriously, I will teach you a lot, Ronnie." She was leading me down the hall by my cock. "We'll set it up like you're sleeping in the guest room," she pointed to the second bedroom as we walked past, "but you'll actually sleep in my bedroom with me."
"You're going to let me sleep?" I inquired, as we entered her bedroom.
"We'll see," she smiled, crawling up on the bed and re-positioning herself on all fours with her firm, round ass cheeks pointed in my direction. "Right now, I'm ready for your hard cock again." She was looking over her shoulder and wiggling her ass invitingly. Fuck yes! Her legs were slightly apart and her splayed open pussy lips were glistening with her juices. "Are you ready for your first lesson?"
"Geeks are always ready to learn!" I supplied, as I crawled onto the bed and knelt behind her.
The End
