Summary: A lesbian neighbor uses the internet to seduce her innocent babysitter.
Note 1: Although originally released in September of 2010, this story was completely re-written in October of 2012, and re-polished yet again in April 2018.
Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 (2010), LaRacasse (2012) and Tex Beethoven (2018) for editing.
BEDDING THE BABYSITTER
My name is Megan. I am a 35-year-old single woman with a two-year-old son.
My neighbor Jenny had always been my perfect sitter. She attended a private school and almost always could be found wearing its uniform plaid skirt, crisp white blouse and knee-high nylons. (I found it interesting that she wore knee-high nylons and not white socks like most girls.) She always wore her dark brown hair in pigtails or a single braid, and her glasses made her look like a nerd or a geek, whichever term you prefer. Jenny was a senior in high school and had turned 18 a couple months ago, which is when I first began noticing she was frequently checking out my long legs and large breasts. Her constant glances had me wondering if she could be a lesbian, or at least curious, and I decided to find out.
Now I should note I am a computer technician by trade, so a seduction plan practically fell into my lap. Jenny had mentioned after babysitting one evening that her computer was running slow and asked if I could look at it for her; I told her I would, but she would need to do without it for a few days.
A couple days later after doing some routine computer maintenance, I had her computer zipping along as fast as when it was new. Curious about what she did online, I checked her search history and learned she loved a site called Literotica, an erotica story site. Drilling down into her history, I could tell that she read mostly lesbian porn, and her selections mostly followed the format of young being seduced by older, with young being submissive. My suspicions were right: she was at the very least curious about being with a woman but was probably way too shy ever to do anything about it. Since I am a dominant personality, dozens of naughty ideas began bouncing around my head. I installed a tracking app (which I fondly called my 'Snoop') that would send me reports on all her internet browsing to help me plan her seduction before returning the computer to her.
I called Jenny to tell her I had fixed her computer. Atypically she came over dressed in a cute flower sundress. I asked her a couple of questions, but first I complimented her.
"Jenny, you look absolutely adorable," I complimented, placing a hand on her bare shoulder.
"Thanks," she whispered timidly, not used to being admired. Although she was very pretty, she didn't seem to know it. Her fashion sense, or lack thereof, plus her self-confidence, or lack thereof, were hiding her true natural beauty.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, moving my hand away. A successful seduction requires reading the prey and deciding whether to go fast or slow, and I decided hers would definitely not be a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am seduction.
"No," she said, unable to look me in the eye.
"Really!" I said, acting surprised. "You're such a beautiful young woman, Jenny. I can't believe the boys aren't lining up to date you."
"I've never even had a date," she admitted.
I can't believe that," I objected, "you're way too pretty not to have had three or four boyfriends already."
"Well, I'm not sure I even want to date."
"Well, they can be exhausting," I joked.
She giggled, "That's what I hear."
"So even though you're gorgeous, you've never had a boyfriend. How about a girlfriend?" I asked, opening the door for the plan already formulating in my head.
Jenny's face went flaming red: she was either not used to receiving such compliments or, as I was hoping, was embarrassed because of her secret attraction to women. She stammered, "W-w-what? N-n-no, I...."
"I was just kidding, Jenny," I reassured her, my hand again going to her arm fleetingly. "Although there's nothing wrong with liking girls." After a long pause I added, again building on the complex web of seduction I was creating, "I certainly do."
"You do what?" Jenny asked, her eyes suddenly big.
"I only date women now," I admitted, then adding, "after that asshole of an ex-husband left Max and me I decided to swing the other way, and it's been a very satisfying decision."
"Y-y-you are a lesbian?" Jenny stammered, clearly flummoxed by this startling piece of information.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"N-n-no," she said, her face the darkest red possible.
"I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable," I said.
"No, no, it's fine," she replied, "I just found it surprising, is all."
"I find," I said, hoping to enhance her curiosity, "that only women can understand what women need." After another pause I joked, as I handed her computer to her, "Well, that's probably in the way-too-much-information-for-you category. Here's your computer; it's now working as well as the day you bought it."
"Thank you," she said, her mind clearly elsewhere. "What do I owe you?"
"How about free babysitting one day soon?" I asked.
"Sure, any time, Ms. Cameron," she said.
Once she was gone, I smiled at our conversation and at the potential.
*****
During the next three days my snoop app taught me a lot about her. She always went first to a music website and loaded some tunes to play in the background as she surfed. Next, she frequently checked her email and switched on her MSN chat program. She then would frequently go to a teen advice site, read all the new questions and often offer pertinent advice or just make sympathetic comments. After that it varied: looking up author sites, doing research for school, etc. But she always ended her evening by going to www.literotica.com and reading lesbian sex stories. She would begin with the newest stories and then search through the overall collection of lesbian stories. Sometimes she just clicked on titles that caught her eye, other times she would use the search engine, filtering by tags such as: submission, submissive, obey, schoolgirl, etc. Some of the titles she had read included: "Suburban Submission", "Cynthia's Submission", "The Professor's New Toy", "Bashful Betty" and most interesting, "Seducing the Babysitter". It became clear to me that whether she knew it or not, she was a submissive looking for someone to take charge of her. I decided to message her about some input she had given on the question of releasing stress. The question was, "How do you release stress?" She had responded, "All girls are different. And although I can comfortably advise on almost any academic topic, I have never been able to release my own stress."
I sent her an email that stated:
Hi, I beg your pardon for emailing you personally, behind the scenes as it were. But after reading your response about stress, I thought I could best respond to you in private. I have much experience in helping people to release/relieve their stress and perhaps I may be of service to you. I should advise you up front that my treatment methods are very unorthodox and you must be completely honest with me if you wish to obtain any lasting release. Love Megan.
15 minutes later, Jenny replied:
Thanks Megan, for the email, I really appreciate it. I am very curious to learn more about your methods. What do I do next? Love Jenny.
My next email tried to dig deeper and begin building her trust:
What kinds of things stress you out?
Her response didn't appear for almost an hour:
Lots of things. I guess the usual high school things: being popular, getting good grades, scholarship writing and relationships, I guess.
Trying to dig deeper, I asked a question while reassuring her she was not unlike most teenagers:
Those are very common teenage stresses. Does one of them cause you particular stress?
It was only seconds before she responded:
It is just hard to be yourself in high school, I guess.
Having begun an initial relationship with her, I tried to set her up for my plan:
"If you wish I can help you, but I need to know more about you. About what makes you tick."
Her response was immediate, and clearly she was waiting at her email:
"What do you need to know?"
I replied with a warning, setting up my web of seduction, hoping she would take the bait:
I will send you a questionnaire, but be warned that I ask some potentially uncomfortable questions. Only if you respond with complete honesty will I be able to assist you with more than superficial advice like you can find on that teen site.
As I expected, she replied almost immediately:
Please send me the survey and I promise to answer it honestly.
I told her I would send the questionnaire soon, and since I was winging it, I spent an hour composing the pertinent questions. A seduction is a temperamental thing, and I could either coax her in or scare her off. Finally happy with my questions, I wrote her:
"Dear sweet Jenny, if you are seriously interested, you must answer the following questions. You must be completely honest for my treatment to be effective. If I learn you have lied to me, I will halt your treatment instantly."
After double-checking my questions, I sent her the email. She responded in minutes.
Name: Jenny
Age: 18
Eye Color: Brown
Hair Color: Brown
Favorite Movie: A Walk to Remember
Favorite Band: Tegan & Sara
Three passions: Reading, writing, movies
Your biggest stress: Getting into Harvard.
How you deal with stress: Music, reading
How often you masturbate: At least once a day, it too releases stress
When you last masturbated: Last night.
What you masturbated about: This is embarrassing, but I was fantasizing about being told what to do by a cheerleader at my school. She doesn't even acknowledge I exist and she is a bitch to everyone beneath her, yet I can't help but fantasize about being dominated by her.
Your most constant fantasy: I also fantasize about being seduced by an older woman who teaches me how to please a woman completely.
Describe your sex life: My fingers, I am a virgin.
Describe your ideal boy and/or girl: A woman who is older, assertive, understanding.
What you are wearing right now: I am in a pair of pink pajamas.
Last item: One secret that no one knows about you: I like to masturbate while wearing pantyhose and no underwear as I love the silky feelings on my legs and vagina. I guess I have a nylon fetish.
Jenny's responses had answered all my questions and I knew she would be easy prey. My next email was as follows:
Dear Jenny:
Thank you for answering all my questions so frankly. Such honesty will lead to a complete cure to your stress problems. We will start the program immediately. My msn tag is DrMeg. Please message me as soon as you get this.
A few minutes later I got a beep.
Jen78ph: Hi. This is Jenny.
DrMeg: Hi Jenny. How are you?
Jenny78ph: Good.
DrMeg: What does 78ph mean?
Jenny78ph: 78 is a random number. Ph=pantyhose.
DrMeg: I see. Where do you live? I am an American living in Boston.
Jenny78ph: No way. I live in Boston too.
DrMeg: Very interesting. Maybe we will meet someday. Your answers to my questions make it clear you lack self-confidence. Would you agree that is true?
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I am average-looking and considered to be a nerd by most of my classmates. I'm also pretty much a loner.
DrMeg: I see. Confidence begins by loving yourself. Therefore I believe how you present yourself and what you wear (both of which greatly influence others' perception of your looks) can build your self-confidence.
Jeny78ph: Really???
DrMeg: Yes. For example, I am wearing a garter and stockings right now, under a skirt and a tight sweater. These build my confidence as I get many admiring looks from other men and women. What are you wearing?
Jenny78ph: Just jeans and a t-shirt.
DrMeg: Yet you like wearing nylons?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: Right now, I want you to change into nylons but not pantyhose. Do you have any stockings or thigh high nylons?
Jenny78ph: I only have pantyhose. What are thigh highs?
DrMeg: Stockings with an elastic top to hold them up by themselves around your thigh.
Jenny78ph: Oh, my mom has some.
DrMeg: Can you borrow a pair from her room?
Jenny78ph: Yes, she is not home and anyway she doesn't mind if I borrow her things.
DrMeg: Go put a pair on, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok. I will be back in a few.
About 4 minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I am back.
DrMeg: What are you wearing now?
Jenny78ph: Beige thigh highs, a long skirt and the same t-shirt.
DrMeg: Better. But now I want you to put on a skirt that is short enough for people to notice your nylons are thigh highs if you are sitting.
Jenny78ph: Now?
DrMeg: Yes, now, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Ok...BRB!
A couple minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I'm back and OMG you can indeed see the tops of these things with this skirt.
DrMeg: Good. This particular exercise is all about your own perceptions. You appear to others the way you see yourself.
Jenny78ph: I don't mean to be rude, but how will this help me relieve my stress?
DrMeg: All in good time, darling. Now I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. What do you see?
Jenny78ph: Um, still me, although I do look sexier.
DrMeg: Do you like the new look?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: If you like yourself, everything else follows.
Jenny78ph: Is it that simple?
DrMeg: Yes, confidence is built through loving yourself and being comfortable with who you are, both of which encourage you to understand that you deserve good things and are attractive.
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I have always been insecure about how others see me.
DrMeg: Let's test my theory.
Jenny78ph: How?
DrMeg: Do you trust me?
Jenny78ph: For some reason, yes.
DrMeg: Good. So dressed exactly as you are now, I want you to go to the mall and buy yourself your own collection of thigh highs. If possible, get the following colors: black, white, pink and mocha.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok, but everyone will see my entire stockings.
DrMeg: Yes, they will. They will see the new Jenny.
Jenny78ph: That they will! <giggles>
DrMeg: While you are out, pay attention to whether anyone notices the new you. Then message me when you get back.
Jenny78ph: Will you be online?
DrMeg: Maybe. But remain online while you are home and we are bound to hook up.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
I looked out the window and watched: a few minutes later she came out, dressed as instructed and hopped into her car. She was as obedient and submissive as I thought she'd be.
3 hours later.
Jenny78ph: Hi, I am back.
Jenny78ph: I got all the colors you requested and I also bought a red pair. They were on sale for buy six get one free. So I got an extra black pair and a beige pair too.
DrMeg: Great to hear you did so well. How did you feel going out dressed like that?
Jenny78ph: Great, actually. At first I was really self-conscious, but after getting over the original anxiety, I felt a rush. I felt sexy, something that usually doesn't correlate with my perception of myself. A few boys seemed to notice me, one even whistled, surprising me when I liked that, and the saleslady was super nice, complimenting me on my purchase.
DrMeg: I told you, how you dress is how you feel.
Jenny78ph: I did feel a little slutty though.
DrMeg: Dressing sexy does not make you slutty. Sleeping with a bunch of people makes you slutty. So I take it from your answers to the questionnaire you are a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: Um...I don't know...my fantasies are about girls, but I am not grossed out by boys.
DrMeg: Why older women?
Jenny78ph: I have no idea. I get more excited by them. They seem so sure of themselves. So powerful.
DrMeg: I see. Older women do have experience, unlike teenage boys.
Jenny78ph: I wouldn't know.
DrMeg: This cheerleader you fantasize about. Is she a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: No, she is dating a boy in college.
DrMeg: I see. I have a task for you tonight.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: Write a brief fantasy about yourself and the cheerleader and email it to me.
Jenny78ph: Um, I am not sure I can do that.
DrMeg: It doesn't have to be porn, just a detailed fantasy and go wherever your imagination takes you. It will help me to help you.
Jenny78ph: Ok, I will try.
DrMeg: I have to go meet another patient. I will talk to you tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok. : )
DrMeg: Goodnight, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Goodnight.
I logged out and watched what she did online. She went immediately to Literotica and browsed through some stories, all about girls submitting to dominant women and getting off on the experience, before selecting one. After about 20 minutes she logged out. She had read a lengthy story called "The Complete Submission" which I read also, which was an amazing submission story.
Next morning I found an email from Jenny. She was WAY more creative than I'd thought:
Dear Dr. Meg,
You said I didn't have to write porn, but you also said I should go wherever my imagination went and it kinda came out like porn. I hope it won't shock you too badly, but I want to do what you say. If this is bad, please say and I'm sorry and I'll try to do better.
I was leaving school when I remembered I left a book I needed to finish reading in my gym locker. I walked into the gym and saw Karen naked just getting dressed. She smiled at me and said, "Hey Jenny, why don't you take a picture, it lasts longer?"
I was shocked she even knew my name. I apologized with a stammer, my cheeks instantly turning red, "S-s-sorry."
She asked, "Actually Jenny, you can do me a favor."
"Sure," I asked, just excited she was conversing with me.
"Come here," she said, waving me over with a smile that I couldn't read.
I walked over and was stunned when she said, "You have been checking my body out all semester, haven't you, Jenny?"
My face ruby red now, I again stammered, trying to hide my guilt, "N-n-no, I have not."
"Don't lie," she smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You have been literally drooling over me and had to wipe your chin."
Her touch had me rattled and I couldn't even complete a rational sentence. "Um, I, I mean, I...."
She gently but firmly pushed down on my shoulders and my legs gave away as I was lowered onto my knees. "It was really hot today Jenny, and cheerleading practice was exhausting. I feel so diiiiirty," she said, stressing the word dirty.
My face was directly in front of her vagina and I was staring at it, lost in thought.
"What're you staring at, Jenny?" she asked, her tone saying she knew exactly what I was staring at.
I forced myself away from her vagina and looked up past her large breasts and into her eyes.
Smiling knowingly, she invited in a way where 'no' wasn't an option, "My vagina needs to be cleaned, why don't you clean it for me?"
I feigned reluctance, "Um, I-I-I am not a lesbian."
"Neither am I. I love fucking boys. But girls are way better at licking pussy," she smiled, reaching for my head and pulling me into her sweet sex.
I gave no resistance as I was 'invited' into my first act of lesbian activity. I extended my tongue and made contact with her vagina. She moaned, "Does nerdy little Jenny like my pussy?"
I stammered, already addicted, "Y-y-yes."
I licked slowly up and down on her vagina pussy lips, trying to please her and savour her unique and addictive taste. After a couple of minutes, I concentrated on her clit which made her legs tremble as she let out a loud moan.
"That's it my pet, lick my cunt good," she ordered.
Being called a pet had my own vagina getting wet and I eagerly continued pleasing the most beautiful girl I knew in school. I swirled my tongue around her clit, I sucked it in my mouth. I was addicted to her unique taste and never wanted to have this moment end.
Suddenly her hand on my head, she demanded, "Fuck, you lezzie-slut, suck my cunt, make me orgasm." She roughly pulled my head deeper into her vagina and began moving her body on my face. Always being a people-pleaser, I became a pussy-pleaser too, eagerly licking and sucking as I penetrated her vagina with my tongue.
Her moans got louder and I was soon rewarded with the sweetest taste God had created as her juices flooded out of her onto my tongue, lips and face. I continued to quench my unquenchable thirst, wanting more and more as I drowned in my submission and in her perfection.
Once her orgasm had run its course, she looked down at me and ordered, "Get undressed."
I stood up and obeyed, hands trembling, and began to unbutton my blouse.
"Hurry up, slut," she snapped impatiently.
I again obeyed, a mixture of anticipation and trepidation colliding in my mind. Once naked, I never felt more vulnerable as she looked me over. She asked, "Why do you hide such a beautiful body with such unflattering clothes?"
My face flushed again at getting a compliment from the girl I had fantasized about forever, the girl that made me reconsider my sexuality. "I-I-I don't know."
"You don't know how sexy you are, do you?" she asked, moving towards me.
"Um, I," I babbled unable to complete a full thought, drowning in the compliments and in the desire to be touched.
Reaching for me, she asked, her finger slowly moving between my breasts, "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"
"Yes," I whispered, almost inaudible.
"Pardon?" she asked, her finger slowly gliding around my erect right nipple.
"Yes, please," I whimpered at her touch.
"Yes, please, what?" she kept asking, her fingers pinching my nipple.
"Aaaaah, please lick my vagina," I moaned, giving myself to her.
"Vagina!" she laughed softly, her fingers meandering to my other nipple. "What else can you call that sweet box of yours?"
I paused, I almost never swore, but her fingers pinching my nipple had me distracted and horny. "My pussy," I moaned again, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"What else?" she asked, her finger now travelling slowly south.
Wanting her to touch me down there, to lick me, I answered, "My cunt, please touch my cunt."
"Good girl," she moaned, leaning forward and taking my breast in her mouth as her finger traced my wet vagina lips.
I quivered and let out an uncontrolled moan.
She pushed me onto the bench and moved between my trembling legs. Looking up at me, she asked, "Tell me what you want, my pet."
"Eat my cunt," I demanded. "I need to come so baaaaaad."
"Tell me you are a lezzie-slut," she demanded back, flicking my clitoris with her tongue.
My whole body quaked with one touch and I declared my sexuality without hesitation. "I'm a lezzie-slut. I love licking your beautiful pussy and will be your lezzie-slave who drops to her knees anytime, anywhere, to get just a taste of your perfection."
"Fuck, that is hot," she purred, burying her face between my legs. As her tongue did slow paintbrush strokes all over my pussy, my breathing got heavy. Usually it takes a while to come, but in a couple of minutes I could feel the volcano eruption of lust bubbling inside.
"Oh god, fuck, my cunt is burning," I moaned, as she slid a finger inside me.
She hooked her finger inside my inferno and began tapping on my g-spot.
I had spasm after spasm like an epileptic person as the volcano, dormant since the beginning of time, bubbled over. I felt fireworks in my head, chills through my entire body and a euphoria I didn't know possible as my orgasm hit.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed, babbling incoherently as my brain went blank and sexual energy poured through me.
She pulled her fingers out of me as the never-ending orgasm continued through my body. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my own juices on her lips; it was so naughty, so sweet and so natural.
Sadly, all good things must come to an end and she broke the kiss. Looking into my eyes, she smiled and said, "You understand you are now my property. You will be our little cheerleader pussy pleaser. Do you agree and understand?"
I nodded yes, knowing I would do anything to taste her again, to feel that feeling of utopia I just experienced.
"Tomorrow you are going to become the cheerleading squad's personal pussy-pleaser," she promised.
"Yes, Mistress Karen," I replied.
I was impressed. She had written a fantasy that was Literotica-worthy and had given me a plethora of insight into her young, submissive mind.
That night we met on MSN, clearly stressed about what she had sent me.
Jenny78ph: Are you there?
Jenny78ph: That story was so embarrassing; I can't believe I sent it. I have been stressed about it all day thinking about what you must think of me. It was bad, wasn't it, and you were shocked?
I waited a few minutes before responding, not wanting to look too eager. I was portraying the voice of knowledgeable reason, dontcha know!
DrMeg: Hi, my dear. There is no reason to be ashamed and it certainly wasn't shocking or bad. Fantasy is natural and a great way to relieve stress.
Jenny78ph: Really? You're not mad?
DrMeg: Of course not. I fantasize too.
Jenny78ph: About?
DrMeg: Many things. Your fantasy turned me on a lot and told me so much about you. I enjoyed how real the fantasy was, you could probably write for Literotica with that nasty mind of yours.
Jenny78ph: Really? OMG, I am SO embarrassed. You think I have a nasty mind?
DrMeg: Yes, you really do. But do not be embarrassed, be proud. By writing down your fantasy and then sending it to someone who understands you, you have allowed your pent-up frustrations to be released and your true sexual desire to come alive. I assume you got off last night after writing it?
Jenny78ph: Yes...twice.
DrMeg: So I learned a lot from your fantasy, by the way.
Jenny78ph: Like what???
DrMeg: You are very smart, yet insecure.
Jenny78ph: True and true.
DrMeg: You stress easily and have no real outlet to release your stress, so I assume you either read or watch a lot of porn online.
Jenny78ph: OMG! <blushing>
DrMeg: Am I wrong?
Jenny78ph: No, I read a lot online.
DrMeg: A lot of what?
Jenny78ph: Porn, mostly lesbian porn.
DrMeg: And I am guessing it is lesbian porn where one experienced person seduces an inexperienced one.
Jenny78ph: Yes <blushing>
DrMeg: And I am also guessing it is one where one woman dominates and controls another.
Jenny78ph: Am I that transparent?
DrMeg: Not to everyone, but I can also tell you are the submissive one, because after being high-strung and stressed at school or work, you want to just let go and be told what to do.
Jenny78ph: OMG, yes! <mortified blushing>
DrMeg: I want you to finger yourself for me, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Good girl. It's now time for the next step in your treatment. Do you want an online Mistress to guide you as you learn your true sexuality?
Jenny78ph: Yes!!!!!!!!!
DrMeg: And you will obey my instructions without hesitation?
Jenny78ph: yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Didn't you call that cheerleader Mistress? You may address me in that fashion if you wish.
Jenny78ph: Sorry, yes Mistress, I will obey ALL your instructions.
DrMeg: Now slide two fingers in that sweet cunt of yours and come for your Mistress Megan.
DrMeg: Come now, my pet.
DrMeg: Now!!!
Jenny78ph: Kkkkkkk, Comiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
Choosing that exact moment, I picked up the phone and called her cell number. Surprisingly, she picked it up on the fourth ring. Her breathing was stilted and it was obvious she had obeyed my instruction.
"Hi, Ms. Cameron," she said, her voice raspy.
"You ok?" I asked, although I knew exactly why she was breathing like she was.
"Sorry, just finished working out," she covered impressively.
"I hate to ask last minute, but I desperately need a babysitter tonight," I said, adding, "any chance you can be a dear and come over?" I shook my head when I realized I had used the word 'dear'. Luckily she didn't make the correlation that her next door neighbor Megan and her online Mistress Megan were one and the same.
From her hesitation, I could tell she didn't want to come over, she wanted to keep chatting with the cyber me. So I sent her a quick message.
DrMeg: Sorry, but I have to get going. We will continue our conversation tomorrow, is that clear, my dear?
On the phone I pleaded, "Sorry Jenny, but I am so desperate, please, I'll pay you double."
"Sure, sure I'll do it," Jenny said, her usual can't-say-no, people-pleaser self, always sacrificing her own time to help others.
"You're a life-saver," I gushed thankfully. "Can you be here in an hour?"
"Sure, Ms. Cameron," she agreed.
"You can call me Megan," I said, dropping another hint of my double identity.
Jenny said, "OK, thanks, Megan, I'll be there at eight."
"Eight is great," I quipped, before adding, "See you then."
I hung up and saw Jenny had continued our cyber conversation.
Jenny78ph: That is ok, I have to go babysit for my neighbor in an hour.
DrMeg: Fun. I am going out right away. I have a date with my girlfriend.
Jenny78ph: Like a friend who is a girl or a 'girlfriend'?
DrMeg: Truthfully, she is a slave of mine. I have a few women who service me sexually.
Jenny78ph: ???
DrMeg: Just kidding.
Jenny78ph: Oh.
DrMeg: Actually, do you want to know a secret?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: I wasn't kidding. I have a woman coming over tonight I am going to use to release my stress. When you are more confident you will be able to release your stress through sex too.
Jenny78ph: Not sure I will ever be that confident.
DrMeg: I promise we will find your happy place. You have already begun the transition.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: I want you to do something for me.
Jenny78ph: Of course.
DrMeg: When you go to babysit, I want you to wear the shortest skirt you have, and thigh highs that match.
Jenny78ph: To babysit?
DrMeg: Yes. Are you going to do as I say?
Jenny78ph: Yes, sorry for questioning you.
DrMeg: It's ok. I have to go and shave for tonight. Do you shave your special place?
Jenny78ph: I trim it.
DrMeg: Be sure it is nice and trimmed before you go out tonight. You always want to look attractive down there, even if you're the only one who knows.
Jenny78ph: OK.
DrMeg: I must get going. I will talk to you later tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok, thank you...Bye.
I got ready for my fake date. I would go out for an hour or so, giving Jenny enough time for my plan to kick into action. I was dressed in a black leather skirt, beige stockings and a red blouse. Jenny arrived dressed in one of her plaid school skirts that she must have first worn back when her legs were shorter, mocha thigh highs, and her white school blouse. You could clearly see her nylons were thigh highs.
"Wow, you look adorable, Jenny," I complimented her. "Do you have a late-night date?"
"Thanks Ms. Cameron. You look pretty too and no, I was just trying something new and didn't have time to change."
"Well it really works for you," I said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "I've got a hot date. Max is already asleep, so you can watch a DVD if you want. I think you'll like the one in the machine, it's a fun movie."
"Ok, have fun," she said, her usual bubbly self.
"Oh, I will," I said ever-so-coyly.
After I left, I drove to a nearby adult store and picked up a new smaller strap-on I hoped to use on my cute babysitter later tonight. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, I drove home and snuck in the back door, quiet as a mouse.
From the dark kitchen, I checked in on my babysitter.
She was on the couch, her legs open and her hand assumedly pleasuring herself as she watched a scene of me fucking the pussy of a pretty 21-year-old coed I had seduced a while ago. The girl, a sweet submissive volleyball player named Allison, was screaming "Yes Mistress, fuck me, bang my tight pussy!" I allowed the scene to go on for a couple of minutes, long enough to savour Jenny's soft moans, before I decided it was time for me to 'return home.' I snuck back out the back door and came in the front door. I closed it silently to avoid startling my in-the-throes-of- self-pleasure babysitter. The sounds of the DVD echoed through the house, "Yes Mistress, pound me, I'm coming!" When I entered, Jenny scrambled to cover herself, but couldn't do so in time.
I looked at the TV, a sly smile on my face and gasped, faking surprise, "Oops, that wasn't the movie you were supposed to see!"
She stammered, apologized and begged me "I-I-I am s-s-so sorry, Ms. Cameron. P-p-p-please don't tell my mother!"
Her red cheeks expressed both guilt from what she was doing and also the shame that came from being caught in such a compromising position. "It's ok, my dear, masturbation is natural."
"I-I-I am so, so, so sorry," Jenny continued; I found her embarrassment so cute!
"Actually, the fact that you were masturbating to a video of me and my submissive Allison is quite flattering," I mused. "What turned you on the most?"
"I-I-I don't know," she replied, clearly overwhelmed just that we were talking about such things.
"Did you find seeing me with a strap-on exciting?" I asked, moving closer. "Or was it Allison being fucked?" swearing in front of her for the first time. As I reached her, my hand grasped hers and I pulled her up and asked, "Or did you wish that you were the one on all fours getting fucked by my big strap-on cock?"
Her mouth dropped open and she froze in place, speechless. Her mouth opened and closed several times and faint sounds emerged, but no words came out. Adding to her confusion, I then leaned in and kissed her. At first it was gentle and sweet, but once she responded, tentatively at first, I used my tongue to part her lips. She responded more actively and our tongues danced inside each other's mouths. The urgency of the kiss increased as my hands slid down past her waist and beneath her skirt. The background noise of Allison coming on my strap-on enhanced the intensity of our kiss.
I finally broke away and asked, "What does my Jenny78ph want?"
"Pardon?" she asked, the significance of the words not immediately registering.
My hand traced her pussy lips through her wet panties. "Hmmmm, you are very wet, Jenny78 pantyhose."
She let out a soft moan from my touch. "H-h-how do you know my MSN name?"
"Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Have you not figured it out?" I smiled, my finger tapping her protruding clit.
Her breathing increased, and my finger was causing her so much distraction she couldn't make the obvious correlation.
I asked, "What is my first name, Jenny?"
"M-M-Megan," she moaned. I watched her face and her lips as she moaned with desire. It was so adorably cute as the light bulb came on and her face brightened to astonishment. She asked, her words coming out stunted as my finger continued putting pressure on her clit, "Oh, um, wait, oh my God, are you Dr. Meg?"
"The one and only," I purred, as my finger slipped past her soiled panties.
"I-I can't believe it," she gasped, astonished by my revelation.
"Yes, my dear, and I am now about to relieve all your stress and satisfy all your curiosity," I promised, my finger now between but not inside her wet pussy lips.
"But how?" she asked, overwhelmed as she began seeing further implications that could stem from this sudden new level of our friendship. I had baked cookies for her when she was fifteen, and now I was touching her twat!
"I've always thought you were sexy... shy but sexy. When I overhauled your computer I searched for clues and found which sites you usually frequent," I explained, before adding with a playful smile, "By the way, for future reference you need to erase your daily history if you don't wish people like your Mom, or conniving neighbors like me, to learn all your secrets."
"Aaaaaaah," she gasped as my finger took the plunge and slowly penetrated her fevered pussy.
"Jenny, it's all right. You're a lesbian and submissive; I am a lesbian and dominant," I explained.
Jenny, still trying to get the whole picture straight in her mind with one less player now on the field, stood there in a sexual trance. Her mind was trying to process the bizarre reality currently happening around her while within, her body was begging for the attention it had long craved.
"Jenny, I know exactly what you need," I told her gently, "even if you don't. You are submissive and a people pleaser, as your naughty story clearly demonstrates. You want to explore your sexuality but don't even know where to start. I'm here to help and guide you, honey."
Jenny looked directly into my eyes. I smiled. She looked tentative, yet I knew she had already made up her mind.
"If you wish me to Jenny, I will teach you how to be a good submissive pet and thus how to pleasure a woman properly and in return be pleasured thoroughly yourself," I continued, my finger now deep inside her, just lingering in her warmth.
"Please," she whispered.
"Please what?" I asked, my mouth close to her ear.
"Please, don't stop," she again whispered, such words difficult for her to say.
"Please don't stop what?" I pressured, pushing her deeper into admitting her desires and needs. I encouraged further responses by moving my finger ever so slowly inside her.
"P-p-please, don't stop fingering me," she elaborated, her breathing getting heavier.
"Do you want to come?" I asked, nibbling on her earlobe.
"God, yes," she moaned.
"Then I need to make something very clear, my dear," I whispered, my tongue darting in and out of her ear.
"Whaaaat?" she asked, distracted by my finger in her pussy and my tongue in her ear.
"If you wish, we will make love today. I will take you to levels of euphoria you have so far only imagined. You will taste your first pussy and I will fuck you," I explained. Suddenly I wondered if she was a virgin. I asked her, "Jenny, are you a virgin?"
"Yes," she admitted, as if such a declaration was admitting something shameful.
"It's ok, Jenny," I soothed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of. You're uncertain about your sexuality, and tonight I will help you discover and confirm your true sexuality."
"Kkkkkk," she whimpered, my finger causing her great pleasure but also great need, a constant teasing distraction, but also a goad.
"But I need to warn you: if you submit to me tonight, I will expect you to become my permanent submissive. If you surrender to me, you must henceforward obey every order I give without hesitation, and I do not tolerate disobedience. I know what you need and how to provide what you crave, but in return I expect unconditional loyalty," I explained, my finger touching, ever so briefly, her g-spot. Her legs trembled and I added, knowing her true submissive nature was taking over, "If you do not wish to submit to me, if you are not ready to agree to my terms, you may leave. We will pretend this never happened, I will still pay you double for tonight as promised and you will be free to continue to babysit Max if you're comfortable doing so knowing what you now know."
Her mind was clearly processing all my terms and all the things I was doing to her body. If there was an internal struggle between good girl Jenny and sexually curious Jenny, it was a brief one.
Going for broke, confident I was reading her correctly, I released her and backed up a few feet to say, "My dear sweet Jenny, it is time for you to decide. If you wish for me to become your Mistress, you simply need to undress for me."
Jenny's eyes never left mine as she began to obey my order instantly by reaching for a button and slowly beginning to unbutton her blouse. Her hands were trembling slightly as she tossed the blouse on the floor. Her small, perky breasts peeked out from her white lace bra.
"You are very beautiful, Jenny," I encouraged. "Please remove the skirt."
Jenny obeyed, sliding the skirt down her stocking-clad legs. She was then standing in front of me in her bra, white panties and mocha thigh highs. I looked down and saw her toenails were painted purple while her lipstick was light pink... but never mind fashion nuances for now. Overall, she looked so adorable, and good enough to eat!
I stepped back to her and as my hands grasped her shoulders, she was shivering. She looked pleadingly into my eyes, silently begging for me to pleasure her. I moved in for a soft kiss, just brushing her tender lips. I then moved to an ear. I nibbled on her earlobe, my hot breath flowing into her ear. She quivered and let out a soft moan. I then whispered, "Jenny..."
She whispered back, almost inaudibly, "Yes?"
"...are you ready?"
"Yes."
I moved down her neck, trailing gentle soft kisses. When my kisses reached her breasts, I unhooked her bra, allowing it to fall to the carpet. I licked, nibbled and sucked on her perky, firm breasts. I teased her nipples; I splattered her with butterfly kisses. Her breathing again increased from her desire. My tongue slid down her belly. I reached her panties and slowly, seductively, drew them down until they fell around her ankles. Requiring no urging, she stepped out of them. The ripe young lesbian-to-be now stood before me naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings. Kneeling, I gave her one gentle lick across her freshly trimmed pussy and allowed my tongue to roam down her left leg. I lifted her foot to my mouth and through the transparent silky fabric of her stocking, took each delicate toe into my mouth. Her breathing became heavier, more laboured. I moved back up to her delicious pussy and gave her one more long, wide lick, before gliding down her right leg and replicating my toe-sucking on that foot. I moved up, kissing behind her knee, her mid-thigh, around to her clit, up her belly and then to her lips. She eagerly kissed me back, moaning into my mouth with a new, determined hunger.
I broke the kiss, took her hand and without a word from either of us, led her to my bedroom as she followed pliantly. I lay her on my bed and kissed her again. Our tongues twisted and turned, danced and twirled. I moved back down to her special place and asked, "Does my dear pet want her pussy licked?"
"Yes please," she moaned.
"Tell me what you want, my pet," I purred, my breath hot on her pussy.
"I want you to lick me," she moaned.
"Where?" I asked, again pushing her to say the words.
"My pussy, please lick my pussy, Megan," she pleaded, an intense desperation in her voice, which was adorably sexy.
"Good girl," I purred and leaned forward to lick her virgin pussy. Her nectar was so sweet and she was already dripping wet. I knew her first orgasm would come quickly as her moans told me she was already close to a major stress release. I licked her with long, wide strokes and her moaning increased. I could tell her orgasm was imminent so I grasped her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it in.
She screamed, "Oooooooo myyyyyyyyyy gaawwd!"
Her orgasm quaked through her and the shy, reserved babysitter came sexually alive. As she writhed and screamed from her first intense orgasm, I continued pleasing her, already attempting to build a second orgasm in my new pet even as the first hadn't yet subsided. I continued licking, sucking and nibbling her clit, while I slid a finger inside her warm hole and pumped it in and out. Jenny was screaming, "Oh my god, don't stop, yes, yes, it feels so good!"
I continued to heat her up, getting her revved for more, stoking her need for another climax, but after a few more minutes of licking and fingering, I suddenly stood up, abandoning her to her unreleased urges.
She whimpered, "Noooooo!"
"Get on all fours," I ordered, adding, "and don't you dare touch your cunt, is that understood?"
"Kkkk," she moaned, obeying the order even though she was desperate to come again.
I went downstairs and pulled out the new strap-on I'd bought for this very occasion and returned to my hungry, newly insatiable teenager.
Once back in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothing while my babysitter looked on impatiently, but without complaint. I was soon as naked as she was except for our stockings. I asked, "Does my pet babysitter want to get fucked?"
"So bad," she finally felt at liberty to say, staring at the cock in my hand.
I fastened the harness in place and sauntered up to her. "Has Pet Jenny ever sucked a cock?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.
"Does she want to suck mine?" I asked, my anatomically correct cock now directly in front of her.
"Yes, ma'am," she answered.
"When we are alone I am your Mistress, Jenny. Is that understood? You do want a Mistress, don't you?" I asked.
The hesitation was brief before she responded as expected, "Yes, I truly do, Mistress Megan."
"Good girl," I purred, knowing that a true submissive lives and breathes for approval. "Now suck my cock, my pet."
She leaned forward and took my plastic cock in her mouth. Watching my cute, shy, sweet teenaged babysitter slowly bobbing up and down on my cock was one of the hottest moments of my life. Anytime I turn a straight girl or pull a bi-curious girl into the world of lesbian submission, I experience a joy and a sense of accomplishment I cannot explain. I don't do it just for the personal pleasure (although that is certainly one reward), I do it primarily to liberate young women from the sexual stereotypes that hold them back. Jenny wanted to be a lesbian, Jenny was submissive, and I had just pushed her over the edge to discovering her true nature, to accepting her true sexuality. Jenny had begun slowly, but soon began moving faster and I briefly imagined she could become a great cock sucker if she were ever to try playing the straight card.
Finally I pulled my cock out of her perfect mouth and asked, "Jenny my pet, are you ready for your Mistress to fuck you?"
She looked me straight in the eye and surprised me for the first time. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need your cock in me so fucking badly," she begged, the combination of her unexpected foul language coupled with her customary proper grammar absolutely delicious!
I moved her to all fours and joined her on the bed, placing myself behind her. I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips and was again surprised when she leaned back abruptly and forecefully, taking my cock inside her.
"You naughty little slut," I quipped playfully.
"Oh God, yes I am," she moaned, "Please fuck me, Mistress."
Never one to deny such a request, I put my hands on her hips and slowly began to slide my cock in and out of her sweet pussy.
She was so drenched my cock easily filled her completely, and as I started pumping in and out she began to get animated. The shy, reserved nerd begged, "Fuck me, harder, even harder! Fill my pussy completely! Make me your whore!"
Watching her complete transformation was so hot and I again obliged, my body thrusting into her. Her body also got involved and she began meeting my thrusts, attempting to get my cock deeper inside her.
As her moans increased I demanded, "Your pussy is called a cunt, my slut. Beg for me to fuck your tight cunt."
"Oh God, Mistress, please pound my dirty cunt with your cock, it feels sooooo good," she moaned.
We continued fucking for a few more minutes, sweat pouring off both of us as over and over our bodies crashed together and became one.
Finally, her breathing had become urgent panting and she screamed, "I'm coming again, Mistress, oh my God, oh my God, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck!"
She collapsed forward and I continued pumping her pussy from a new, deeper angle. Her orgasm was continuing through quiver after quiver of pleasure as I slowed my fucking and watched her, my cock still buried deep inside my no-longer-virgin babysitter.
Finally I pulled out of her beautiful cunt, removed my shiny-with-her-juices cock and went for a couple of glasses of water. I returned and she hadn't moved an inch. I handed my exhausted pet a glass of water and after sitting down on the edge of my bed, she downed the whole glass. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Allow me to please you, Mistress; I want to pleasure your cunt."
Joining her on the bed and lying back, I smiled up at her and promised, "Jenny, you will be pleasuring my cunt many, many times. Now crawl between my legs and begin to please your Mistress."
Eagerly, Jenny crawled between my stocking-clad legs. She looked at my completely shaved pussy, my slightly wet pussy lips, and my swollen clit with the awe of an innocent virgin.
"Go ahead, my pet," I purred, "Lick your Mistress's cunt."
She smiled and again surprised me. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."
"Do what, lick someone's pussy?" I asked.
"No, lick your pussy, Mistress," she answered, admitting, "I've fantasized about you for like, forever."
It was my turn to be surprised. "Really?" I asked, suddenly not completely in control.
"Really, really," she smiled, leaning forward and extending her tongue. I moaned on contact, my pretty babysitter between my legs licking me so sexily. For a pussy-licking rookie, she was very good. She licked, she sucked, she probed me with her fingers. She was like an explorer breaking into new territory, wishing to taste, search and learn about every aspect of my special place.
After a few minutes of her eager tongue, I was close and moaned, "I'm close, my pet slut, sooooo close!"
She took my clit into her mouth and put intense pressure on it and began shaking her head from left to right. This was a technique I had never experienced and I began breathing heavily, my own orgasm now imminent. "Oh, yes, Jenny, fuck, that is so good, more, more!"
Out of the blue she surprised me yet again by sliding a finger in my ass! It triggered the explosion of my orgasm and I flooded my juices all over my adorably cute babysitter's face. "Oh fuck, you nasty sluuuuuuut, I'm comiiiiiing!"
She continued teasing my ass, sucking on my clit and fingering my pussy while my orgasm surged through me. The intensity of the orgasm was so much more powerful than usual that I finally had to push her away. "Fuck, that was amazing, my pet," I whimpered, as I drew my legs together and allowed the last of the orgasm to subside.
She moved up and lay beside me, smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. "I read about that last move in a story online."
I laughed. "Well, keep reading, that was amazing."
She asked, her smile fading to serious, "Does it always feel this amazing?"
"It can. Although you should understand that I was very gentle with you tonight. I won't always be," I warned.
"I understand. But please don't hold back from doing whatever you wish with me: I want you to dominate me. I need you to treat me like a filthy slut, I know that now," she answered, the unhesitant words flowing past her sweet lips sounding so sinfully delicious. "All my fantasies have always been of being treated like a slut, being forced to do kinky things I would never dare to do on my own."
"You're going to make a great slave," I promised her, kissing her again. But once the tender kiss was broken, I looked at the clock and realized it had been almost two hours. I kissed her again and told her, "You must also understand that I will share you with my friends. I will take you to places you have never even imagined, and this time I mean physical places and sometimes people you've never met."
Her eyes went big, but she pledged me like a good submissive. "I understand Mistress, and eagerly await whatever you have in store for me."
I faced away from her, got on all fours and suddenly ordered, deciding to test her utter obedience, "Then lick my asshole, my pet."
"Yes Mistress," she replied without hesitation, crawling up to my ass. She pulled my ass-cheeks apart, and after a brief pause to admire the view, she leaned forward and began licking my dark dime. Such an eager submissive, she worked hard to poke her rigid tongue deep inside. Her eagerness to please was so fucking adorable and sexy!
Her submission keeping me horny, I ordered, "On your back, my pussy pleaser."
She again obeyed and I straddled her face. Without requiring any instruction, she again licked my pussy and time stood still as my new pet pleasured me. Finally my second orgasm was building and I began rubbing my pussy all over her sweet face until I came, flooding her face once again with my cum.
Climbing off her, I smiled and said, "Your sweet face looks absolutely adorable, all shiny with my cunt cum."
"Thanks, Mistress," she chirped companionably, like a good girl. She was being appropriately deferential insofar as she was abiding by all the submissive forms, and she was eagerly obedient to whatever I might demand of her, but she wasn't remotely intimidated or fearful. It was as if I had just introduced her to a whole new world, but one where she felt immediately at home. Interesting!
"Wait here," I ordered and returned a minute later with my camera. "Let's take a picture to remember this special day."
I thought she might balk at this potentially risky suggestion, that she might still have an unrevealed trust issue, but instead, she sat up and happily posed for me. I snapped a few pictures of her cunt-cum-covered face, her make-up totally ruined.
Setting the camera down, I came over to the bed and mentioned, "It's getting late."
She looked at the clock and sighed. "I suppose it is."
"Are you free tomorrow?" I asked.
Excited, like a girl being asked out by a boy she was crushing on, she answered, "Yes, yes I am!"
"Then tomorrow I am taking you out for a makeover," I smiled.
"Where?" she asked.
I just shrugged and said, "You'll see, but wear the same outfit you wore today when you went shopping."
"Yes Mistress, "she said, standing up.
She got dressed, we kissed one last time and she went home.
My head spinning with naughty possibilities, I smiled to myself. Tomorrow was going to be fun...
THE END... of Chapter 1.... Jenny's journey to lesbian submission continues in Bedding the Babysitter Chapter 2.
Summary: A lesbian neighbor uses the internet to seduce her innocent babysitter.
Note 1: Although originally released in September of 2010, this story was completely re-written in October of 2012, and re-polished yet again in April 2018.
Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 (2010), LaRacasse (2012) and Tex Beethoven (2018) for editing.
BEDDING THE BABYSITTER
My name is Megan. I am a 35-year-old single woman with a two-year-old son.
My neighbor Jenny had always been my perfect sitter. She attended a private school and almost always could be found wearing its uniform plaid skirt, crisp white blouse and knee-high nylons. (I found it interesting that she wore knee-high nylons and not white socks like most girls.) She always wore her dark brown hair in pigtails or a single braid, and her glasses made her look like a nerd or a geek, whichever term you prefer. Jenny was a senior in high school and had turned 18 a couple months ago, which is when I first began noticing she was frequently checking out my long legs and large breasts. Her constant glances had me wondering if she could be a lesbian, or at least curious, and I decided to find out.
Now I should note I am a computer technician by trade, so a seduction plan practically fell into my lap. Jenny had mentioned after babysitting one evening that her computer was running slow and asked if I could look at it for her; I told her I would, but she would need to do without it for a few days.
A couple days later after doing some routine computer maintenance, I had her computer zipping along as fast as when it was new. Curious about what she did online, I checked her search history and learned she loved a site called Literotica, an erotica story site. Drilling down into her history, I could tell that she read mostly lesbian porn, and her selections mostly followed the format of young being seduced by older, with young being submissive. My suspicions were right: she was at the very least curious about being with a woman but was probably way too shy ever to do anything about it. Since I am a dominant personality, dozens of naughty ideas began bouncing around my head. I installed a tracking app (which I fondly called my 'Snoop') that would send me reports on all her internet browsing to help me plan her seduction before returning the computer to her.
I called Jenny to tell her I had fixed her computer. Atypically she came over dressed in a cute flower sundress. I asked her a couple of questions, but first I complimented her.
"Jenny, you look absolutely adorable," I complimented, placing a hand on her bare shoulder.
"Thanks," she whispered timidly, not used to being admired. Although she was very pretty, she didn't seem to know it. Her fashion sense, or lack thereof, plus her self-confidence, or lack thereof, were hiding her true natural beauty.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, moving my hand away. A successful seduction requires reading the prey and deciding whether to go fast or slow, and I decided hers would definitely not be a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am seduction.
"No," she said, unable to look me in the eye.
"Really!" I said, acting surprised. "You're such a beautiful young woman, Jenny. I can't believe the boys aren't lining up to date you."
"I've never even had a date," she admitted.
I can't believe that," I objected, "you're way too pretty not to have had three or four boyfriends already."
"Well, I'm not sure I even want to date."
"Well, they can be exhausting," I joked.
She giggled, "That's what I hear."
"So even though you're gorgeous, you've never had a boyfriend. How about a girlfriend?" I asked, opening the door for the plan already formulating in my head.
Jenny's face went flaming red: she was either not used to receiving such compliments or, as I was hoping, was embarrassed because of her secret attraction to women. She stammered, "W-w-what? N-n-no, I...."
"I was just kidding, Jenny," I reassured her, my hand again going to her arm fleetingly. "Although there's nothing wrong with liking girls." After a long pause I added, again building on the complex web of seduction I was creating, "I certainly do."
"You do what?" Jenny asked, her eyes suddenly big.
"I only date women now," I admitted, then adding, "after that asshole of an ex-husband left Max and me I decided to swing the other way, and it's been a very satisfying decision."
"Y-y-you are a lesbian?" Jenny stammered, clearly flummoxed by this startling piece of information.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"N-n-no," she said, her face the darkest red possible.
"I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable," I said.
"No, no, it's fine," she replied, "I just found it surprising, is all."
"I find," I said, hoping to enhance her curiosity, "that only women can understand what women need." After another pause I joked, as I handed her computer to her, "Well, that's probably in the way-too-much-information-for-you category. Here's your computer; it's now working as well as the day you bought it."
"Thank you," she said, her mind clearly elsewhere. "What do I owe you?"
"How about free babysitting one day soon?" I asked.
"Sure, any time, Ms. Cameron," she said.
Once she was gone, I smiled at our conversation and at the potential.
*****
During the next three days my snoop app taught me a lot about her. She always went first to a music website and loaded some tunes to play in the background as she surfed. Next, she frequently checked her email and switched on her MSN chat program. She then would frequently go to a teen advice site, read all the new questions and often offer pertinent advice or just make sympathetic comments. After that it varied: looking up author sites, doing research for school, etc. But she always ended her evening by going to www.literotica.com and reading lesbian sex stories. She would begin with the newest stories and then search through the overall collection of lesbian stories. Sometimes she just clicked on titles that caught her eye, other times she would use the search engine, filtering by tags such as: submission, submissive, obey, schoolgirl, etc. Some of the titles she had read included: "Suburban Submission", "Cynthia's Submission", "The Professor's New Toy", "Bashful Betty" and most interesting, "Seducing the Babysitter". It became clear to me that whether she knew it or not, she was a submissive looking for someone to take charge of her. I decided to message her about some input she had given on the question of releasing stress. The question was, "How do you release stress?" She had responded, "All girls are different. And although I can comfortably advise on almost any academic topic, I have never been able to release my own stress."
I sent her an email that stated:
Hi, I beg your pardon for emailing you personally, behind the scenes as it were. But after reading your response about stress, I thought I could best respond to you in private. I have much experience in helping people to release/relieve their stress and perhaps I may be of service to you. I should advise you up front that my treatment methods are very unorthodox and you must be completely honest with me if you wish to obtain any lasting release. Love Megan.
15 minutes later, Jenny replied:
Thanks Megan, for the email, I really appreciate it. I am very curious to learn more about your methods. What do I do next? Love Jenny.
My next email tried to dig deeper and begin building her trust:
What kinds of things stress you out?
Her response didn't appear for almost an hour:
Lots of things. I guess the usual high school things: being popular, getting good grades, scholarship writing and relationships, I guess.
Trying to dig deeper, I asked a question while reassuring her she was not unlike most teenagers:
Those are very common teenage stresses. Does one of them cause you particular stress?
It was only seconds before she responded:
It is just hard to be yourself in high school, I guess.
Having begun an initial relationship with her, I tried to set her up for my plan:
"If you wish I can help you, but I need to know more about you. About what makes you tick."
Her response was immediate, and clearly she was waiting at her email:
"What do you need to know?"
I replied with a warning, setting up my web of seduction, hoping she would take the bait:
I will send you a questionnaire, but be warned that I ask some potentially uncomfortable questions. Only if you respond with complete honesty will I be able to assist you with more than superficial advice like you can find on that teen site.
As I expected, she replied almost immediately:
Please send me the survey and I promise to answer it honestly.
I told her I would send the questionnaire soon, and since I was winging it, I spent an hour composing the pertinent questions. A seduction is a temperamental thing, and I could either coax her in or scare her off. Finally happy with my questions, I wrote her:
"Dear sweet Jenny, if you are seriously interested, you must answer the following questions. You must be completely honest for my treatment to be effective. If I learn you have lied to me, I will halt your treatment instantly."
After double-checking my questions, I sent her the email. She responded in minutes.
Name: Jenny
Age: 18
Eye Color: Brown
Hair Color: Brown
Favorite Movie: A Walk to Remember
Favorite Band: Tegan & Sara
Three passions: Reading, writing, movies
Your biggest stress: Getting into Harvard.
How you deal with stress: Music, reading
How often you masturbate: At least once a day, it too releases stress
When you last masturbated: Last night.
What you masturbated about: This is embarrassing, but I was fantasizing about being told what to do by a cheerleader at my school. She doesn't even acknowledge I exist and she is a bitch to everyone beneath her, yet I can't help but fantasize about being dominated by her.
Your most constant fantasy: I also fantasize about being seduced by an older woman who teaches me how to please a woman completely.
Describe your sex life: My fingers, I am a virgin.
Describe your ideal boy and/or girl: A woman who is older, assertive, understanding.
What you are wearing right now: I am in a pair of pink pajamas.
Last item: One secret that no one knows about you: I like to masturbate while wearing pantyhose and no underwear as I love the silky feelings on my legs and vagina. I guess I have a nylon fetish.
Jenny's responses had answered all my questions and I knew she would be easy prey. My next email was as follows:
Dear Jenny:
Thank you for answering all my questions so frankly. Such honesty will lead to a complete cure to your stress problems. We will start the program immediately. My msn tag is DrMeg. Please message me as soon as you get this.
A few minutes later I got a beep.
Jen78ph: Hi. This is Jenny.
DrMeg: Hi Jenny. How are you?
Jenny78ph: Good.
DrMeg: What does 78ph mean?
Jenny78ph: 78 is a random number. Ph=pantyhose.
DrMeg: I see. Where do you live? I am an American living in Boston.
Jenny78ph: No way. I live in Boston too.
DrMeg: Very interesting. Maybe we will meet someday. Your answers to my questions make it clear you lack self-confidence. Would you agree that is true?
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I am average-looking and considered to be a nerd by most of my classmates. I'm also pretty much a loner.
DrMeg: I see. Confidence begins by loving yourself. Therefore I believe how you present yourself and what you wear (both of which greatly influence others' perception of your looks) can build your self-confidence.
Jeny78ph: Really???
DrMeg: Yes. For example, I am wearing a garter and stockings right now, under a skirt and a tight sweater. These build my confidence as I get many admiring looks from other men and women. What are you wearing?
Jenny78ph: Just jeans and a t-shirt.
DrMeg: Yet you like wearing nylons?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: Right now, I want you to change into nylons but not pantyhose. Do you have any stockings or thigh high nylons?
Jenny78ph: I only have pantyhose. What are thigh highs?
DrMeg: Stockings with an elastic top to hold them up by themselves around your thigh.
Jenny78ph: Oh, my mom has some.
DrMeg: Can you borrow a pair from her room?
Jenny78ph: Yes, she is not home and anyway she doesn't mind if I borrow her things.
DrMeg: Go put a pair on, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok. I will be back in a few.
About 4 minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I am back.
DrMeg: What are you wearing now?
Jenny78ph: Beige thigh highs, a long skirt and the same t-shirt.
DrMeg: Better. But now I want you to put on a skirt that is short enough for people to notice your nylons are thigh highs if you are sitting.
Jenny78ph: Now?
DrMeg: Yes, now, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Ok...BRB!
A couple minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I'm back and OMG you can indeed see the tops of these things with this skirt.
DrMeg: Good. This particular exercise is all about your own perceptions. You appear to others the way you see yourself.
Jenny78ph: I don't mean to be rude, but how will this help me relieve my stress?
DrMeg: All in good time, darling. Now I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. What do you see?
Jenny78ph: Um, still me, although I do look sexier.
DrMeg: Do you like the new look?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: If you like yourself, everything else follows.
Jenny78ph: Is it that simple?
DrMeg: Yes, confidence is built through loving yourself and being comfortable with who you are, both of which encourage you to understand that you deserve good things and are attractive.
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I have always been insecure about how others see me.
DrMeg: Let's test my theory.
Jenny78ph: How?
DrMeg: Do you trust me?
Jenny78ph: For some reason, yes.
DrMeg: Good. So dressed exactly as you are now, I want you to go to the mall and buy yourself your own collection of thigh highs. If possible, get the following colors: black, white, pink and mocha.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok, but everyone will see my entire stockings.
DrMeg: Yes, they will. They will see the new Jenny.
Jenny78ph: That they will! <giggles>
DrMeg: While you are out, pay attention to whether anyone notices the new you. Then message me when you get back.
Jenny78ph: Will you be online?
DrMeg: Maybe. But remain online while you are home and we are bound to hook up.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
I looked out the window and watched: a few minutes later she came out, dressed as instructed and hopped into her car. She was as obedient and submissive as I thought she'd be.
3 hours later.
Jenny78ph: Hi, I am back.
Jenny78ph: I got all the colors you requested and I also bought a red pair. They were on sale for buy six get one free. So I got an extra black pair and a beige pair too.
DrMeg: Great to hear you did so well. How did you feel going out dressed like that?
Jenny78ph: Great, actually. At first I was really self-conscious, but after getting over the original anxiety, I felt a rush. I felt sexy, something that usually doesn't correlate with my perception of myself. A few boys seemed to notice me, one even whistled, surprising me when I liked that, and the saleslady was super nice, complimenting me on my purchase.
DrMeg: I told you, how you dress is how you feel.
Jenny78ph: I did feel a little slutty though.
DrMeg: Dressing sexy does not make you slutty. Sleeping with a bunch of people makes you slutty. So I take it from your answers to the questionnaire you are a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: Um...I don't know...my fantasies are about girls, but I am not grossed out by boys.
DrMeg: Why older women?
Jenny78ph: I have no idea. I get more excited by them. They seem so sure of themselves. So powerful.
DrMeg: I see. Older women do have experience, unlike teenage boys.
Jenny78ph: I wouldn't know.
DrMeg: This cheerleader you fantasize about. Is she a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: No, she is dating a boy in college.
DrMeg: I see. I have a task for you tonight.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: Write a brief fantasy about yourself and the cheerleader and email it to me.
Jenny78ph: Um, I am not sure I can do that.
DrMeg: It doesn't have to be porn, just a detailed fantasy and go wherever your imagination takes you. It will help me to help you.
Jenny78ph: Ok, I will try.
DrMeg: I have to go meet another patient. I will talk to you tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok. : )
DrMeg: Goodnight, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Goodnight.
I logged out and watched what she did online. She went immediately to Literotica and browsed through some stories, all about girls submitting to dominant women and getting off on the experience, before selecting one. After about 20 minutes she logged out. She had read a lengthy story called "The Complete Submission" which I read also, which was an amazing submission story.
Next morning I found an email from Jenny. She was WAY more creative than I'd thought:
Dear Dr. Meg,
You said I didn't have to write porn, but you also said I should go wherever my imagination went and it kinda came out like porn. I hope it won't shock you too badly, but I want to do what you say. If this is bad, please say and I'm sorry and I'll try to do better.
I was leaving school when I remembered I left a book I needed to finish reading in my gym locker. I walked into the gym and saw Karen naked just getting dressed. She smiled at me and said, "Hey Jenny, why don't you take a picture, it lasts longer?"
I was shocked she even knew my name. I apologized with a stammer, my cheeks instantly turning red, "S-s-sorry."
She asked, "Actually Jenny, you can do me a favor."
"Sure," I asked, just excited she was conversing with me.
"Come here," she said, waving me over with a smile that I couldn't read.
I walked over and was stunned when she said, "You have been checking my body out all semester, haven't you, Jenny?"
My face ruby red now, I again stammered, trying to hide my guilt, "N-n-no, I have not."
"Don't lie," she smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You have been literally drooling over me and had to wipe your chin."
Her touch had me rattled and I couldn't even complete a rational sentence. "Um, I, I mean, I...."
She gently but firmly pushed down on my shoulders and my legs gave away as I was lowered onto my knees. "It was really hot today Jenny, and cheerleading practice was exhausting. I feel so diiiiirty," she said, stressing the word dirty.
My face was directly in front of her vagina and I was staring at it, lost in thought.
"What're you staring at, Jenny?" she asked, her tone saying she knew exactly what I was staring at.
I forced myself away from her vagina and looked up past her large breasts and into her eyes.
Smiling knowingly, she invited in a way where 'no' wasn't an option, "My vagina needs to be cleaned, why don't you clean it for me?"
I feigned reluctance, "Um, I-I-I am not a lesbian."
"Neither am I. I love fucking boys. But girls are way better at licking pussy," she smiled, reaching for my head and pulling me into her sweet sex.
I gave no resistance as I was 'invited' into my first act of lesbian activity. I extended my tongue and made contact with her vagina. She moaned, "Does nerdy little Jenny like my pussy?"
I stammered, already addicted, "Y-y-yes."
I licked slowly up and down on her vagina pussy lips, trying to please her and savour her unique and addictive taste. After a couple of minutes, I concentrated on her clit which made her legs tremble as she let out a loud moan.
"That's it my pet, lick my cunt good," she ordered.
Being called a pet had my own vagina getting wet and I eagerly continued pleasing the most beautiful girl I knew in school. I swirled my tongue around her clit, I sucked it in my mouth. I was addicted to her unique taste and never wanted to have this moment end.
Suddenly her hand on my head, she demanded, "Fuck, you lezzie-slut, suck my cunt, make me orgasm." She roughly pulled my head deeper into her vagina and began moving her body on my face. Always being a people-pleaser, I became a pussy-pleaser too, eagerly licking and sucking as I penetrated her vagina with my tongue.
Her moans got louder and I was soon rewarded with the sweetest taste God had created as her juices flooded out of her onto my tongue, lips and face. I continued to quench my unquenchable thirst, wanting more and more as I drowned in my submission and in her perfection.
Once her orgasm had run its course, she looked down at me and ordered, "Get undressed."
I stood up and obeyed, hands trembling, and began to unbutton my blouse.
"Hurry up, slut," she snapped impatiently.
I again obeyed, a mixture of anticipation and trepidation colliding in my mind. Once naked, I never felt more vulnerable as she looked me over. She asked, "Why do you hide such a beautiful body with such unflattering clothes?"
My face flushed again at getting a compliment from the girl I had fantasized about forever, the girl that made me reconsider my sexuality. "I-I-I don't know."
"You don't know how sexy you are, do you?" she asked, moving towards me.
"Um, I," I babbled unable to complete a full thought, drowning in the compliments and in the desire to be touched.
Reaching for me, she asked, her finger slowly moving between my breasts, "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"
"Yes," I whispered, almost inaudible.
"Pardon?" she asked, her finger slowly gliding around my erect right nipple.
"Yes, please," I whimpered at her touch.
"Yes, please, what?" she kept asking, her fingers pinching my nipple.
"Aaaaah, please lick my vagina," I moaned, giving myself to her.
"Vagina!" she laughed softly, her fingers meandering to my other nipple. "What else can you call that sweet box of yours?"
I paused, I almost never swore, but her fingers pinching my nipple had me distracted and horny. "My pussy," I moaned again, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"What else?" she asked, her finger now travelling slowly south.
Wanting her to touch me down there, to lick me, I answered, "My cunt, please touch my cunt."
"Good girl," she moaned, leaning forward and taking my breast in her mouth as her finger traced my wet vagina lips.
I quivered and let out an uncontrolled moan.
She pushed me onto the bench and moved between my trembling legs. Looking up at me, she asked, "Tell me what you want, my pet."
"Eat my cunt," I demanded. "I need to come so baaaaaad."
"Tell me you are a lezzie-slut," she demanded back, flicking my clitoris with her tongue.
My whole body quaked with one touch and I declared my sexuality without hesitation. "I'm a lezzie-slut. I love licking your beautiful pussy and will be your lezzie-slave who drops to her knees anytime, anywhere, to get just a taste of your perfection."
"Fuck, that is hot," she purred, burying her face between my legs. As her tongue did slow paintbrush strokes all over my pussy, my breathing got heavy. Usually it takes a while to come, but in a couple of minutes I could feel the volcano eruption of lust bubbling inside.
"Oh god, fuck, my cunt is burning," I moaned, as she slid a finger inside me.
She hooked her finger inside my inferno and began tapping on my g-spot.
I had spasm after spasm like an epileptic person as the volcano, dormant since the beginning of time, bubbled over. I felt fireworks in my head, chills through my entire body and a euphoria I didn't know possible as my orgasm hit.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed, babbling incoherently as my brain went blank and sexual energy poured through me.
She pulled her fingers out of me as the never-ending orgasm continued through my body. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my own juices on her lips; it was so naughty, so sweet and so natural.
Sadly, all good things must come to an end and she broke the kiss. Looking into my eyes, she smiled and said, "You understand you are now my property. You will be our little cheerleader pussy pleaser. Do you agree and understand?"
I nodded yes, knowing I would do anything to taste her again, to feel that feeling of utopia I just experienced.
"Tomorrow you are going to become the cheerleading squad's personal pussy-pleaser," she promised.
"Yes, Mistress Karen," I replied.
I was impressed. She had written a fantasy that was Literotica-worthy and had given me a plethora of insight into her young, submissive mind.
That night we met on MSN, clearly stressed about what she had sent me.
Jenny78ph: Are you there?
Jenny78ph: That story was so embarrassing; I can't believe I sent it. I have been stressed about it all day thinking about what you must think of me. It was bad, wasn't it, and you were shocked?
I waited a few minutes before responding, not wanting to look too eager. I was portraying the voice of knowledgeable reason, dontcha know!
DrMeg: Hi, my dear. There is no reason to be ashamed and it certainly wasn't shocking or bad. Fantasy is natural and a great way to relieve stress.
Jenny78ph: Really? You're not mad?
DrMeg: Of course not. I fantasize too.
Jenny78ph: About?
DrMeg: Many things. Your fantasy turned me on a lot and told me so much about you. I enjoyed how real the fantasy was, you could probably write for Literotica with that nasty mind of yours.
Jenny78ph: Really? OMG, I am SO embarrassed. You think I have a nasty mind?
DrMeg: Yes, you really do. But do not be embarrassed, be proud. By writing down your fantasy and then sending it to someone who understands you, you have allowed your pent-up frustrations to be released and your true sexual desire to come alive. I assume you got off last night after writing it?
Jenny78ph: Yes...twice.
DrMeg: So I learned a lot from your fantasy, by the way.
Jenny78ph: Like what???
DrMeg: You are very smart, yet insecure.
Jenny78ph: True and true.
DrMeg: You stress easily and have no real outlet to release your stress, so I assume you either read or watch a lot of porn online.
Jenny78ph: OMG! <blushing>
DrMeg: Am I wrong?
Jenny78ph: No, I read a lot online.
DrMeg: A lot of what?
Jenny78ph: Porn, mostly lesbian porn.
DrMeg: And I am guessing it is lesbian porn where one experienced person seduces an inexperienced one.
Jenny78ph: Yes <blushing>
DrMeg: And I am also guessing it is one where one woman dominates and controls another.
Jenny78ph: Am I that transparent?
DrMeg: Not to everyone, but I can also tell you are the submissive one, because after being high-strung and stressed at school or work, you want to just let go and be told what to do.
Jenny78ph: OMG, yes! <mortified blushing>
DrMeg: I want you to finger yourself for me, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Good girl. It's now time for the next step in your treatment. Do you want an online Mistress to guide you as you learn your true sexuality?
Jenny78ph: Yes!!!!!!!!!
DrMeg: And you will obey my instructions without hesitation?
Jenny78ph: yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Didn't you call that cheerleader Mistress? You may address me in that fashion if you wish.
Jenny78ph: Sorry, yes Mistress, I will obey ALL your instructions.
DrMeg: Now slide two fingers in that sweet cunt of yours and come for your Mistress Megan.
DrMeg: Come now, my pet.
DrMeg: Now!!!
Jenny78ph: Kkkkkkk, Comiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
Choosing that exact moment, I picked up the phone and called her cell number. Surprisingly, she picked it up on the fourth ring. Her breathing was stilted and it was obvious she had obeyed my instruction.
"Hi, Ms. Cameron," she said, her voice raspy.
"You ok?" I asked, although I knew exactly why she was breathing like she was.
"Sorry, just finished working out," she covered impressively.
"I hate to ask last minute, but I desperately need a babysitter tonight," I said, adding, "any chance you can be a dear and come over?" I shook my head when I realized I had used the word 'dear'. Luckily she didn't make the correlation that her next door neighbor Megan and her online Mistress Megan were one and the same.
From her hesitation, I could tell she didn't want to come over, she wanted to keep chatting with the cyber me. So I sent her a quick message.
DrMeg: Sorry, but I have to get going. We will continue our conversation tomorrow, is that clear, my dear?
On the phone I pleaded, "Sorry Jenny, but I am so desperate, please, I'll pay you double."
"Sure, sure I'll do it," Jenny said, her usual can't-say-no, people-pleaser self, always sacrificing her own time to help others.
"You're a life-saver," I gushed thankfully. "Can you be here in an hour?"
"Sure, Ms. Cameron," she agreed.
"You can call me Megan," I said, dropping another hint of my double identity.
Jenny said, "OK, thanks, Megan, I'll be there at eight."
"Eight is great," I quipped, before adding, "See you then."
I hung up and saw Jenny had continued our cyber conversation.
Jenny78ph: That is ok, I have to go babysit for my neighbor in an hour.
DrMeg: Fun. I am going out right away. I have a date with my girlfriend.
Jenny78ph: Like a friend who is a girl or a 'girlfriend'?
DrMeg: Truthfully, she is a slave of mine. I have a few women who service me sexually.
Jenny78ph: ???
DrMeg: Just kidding.
Jenny78ph: Oh.
DrMeg: Actually, do you want to know a secret?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: I wasn't kidding. I have a woman coming over tonight I am going to use to release my stress. When you are more confident you will be able to release your stress through sex too.
Jenny78ph: Not sure I will ever be that confident.
DrMeg: I promise we will find your happy place. You have already begun the transition.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: I want you to do something for me.
Jenny78ph: Of course.
DrMeg: When you go to babysit, I want you to wear the shortest skirt you have, and thigh highs that match.
Jenny78ph: To babysit?
DrMeg: Yes. Are you going to do as I say?
Jenny78ph: Yes, sorry for questioning you.
DrMeg: It's ok. I have to go and shave for tonight. Do you shave your special place?
Jenny78ph: I trim it.
DrMeg: Be sure it is nice and trimmed before you go out tonight. You always want to look attractive down there, even if you're the only one who knows.
Jenny78ph: OK.
DrMeg: I must get going. I will talk to you later tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok, thank you...Bye.
I got ready for my fake date. I would go out for an hour or so, giving Jenny enough time for my plan to kick into action. I was dressed in a black leather skirt, beige stockings and a red blouse. Jenny arrived dressed in one of her plaid school skirts that she must have first worn back when her legs were shorter, mocha thigh highs, and her white school blouse. You could clearly see her nylons were thigh highs.
"Wow, you look adorable, Jenny," I complimented her. "Do you have a late-night date?"
"Thanks Ms. Cameron. You look pretty too and no, I was just trying something new and didn't have time to change."
"Well it really works for you," I said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "I've got a hot date. Max is already asleep, so you can watch a DVD if you want. I think you'll like the one in the machine, it's a fun movie."
"Ok, have fun," she said, her usual bubbly self.
"Oh, I will," I said ever-so-coyly.
After I left, I drove to a nearby adult store and picked up a new smaller strap-on I hoped to use on my cute babysitter later tonight. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, I drove home and snuck in the back door, quiet as a mouse.
From the dark kitchen, I checked in on my babysitter.
She was on the couch, her legs open and her hand assumedly pleasuring herself as she watched a scene of me fucking the pussy of a pretty 21-year-old coed I had seduced a while ago. The girl, a sweet submissive volleyball player named Allison, was screaming "Yes Mistress, fuck me, bang my tight pussy!" I allowed the scene to go on for a couple of minutes, long enough to savour Jenny's soft moans, before I decided it was time for me to 'return home.' I snuck back out the back door and came in the front door. I closed it silently to avoid startling my in-the-throes-of- self-pleasure babysitter. The sounds of the DVD echoed through the house, "Yes Mistress, pound me, I'm coming!" When I entered, Jenny scrambled to cover herself, but couldn't do so in time.
I looked at the TV, a sly smile on my face and gasped, faking surprise, "Oops, that wasn't the movie you were supposed to see!"
She stammered, apologized and begged me "I-I-I am s-s-so sorry, Ms. Cameron. P-p-p-please don't tell my mother!"
Her red cheeks expressed both guilt from what she was doing and also the shame that came from being caught in such a compromising position. "It's ok, my dear, masturbation is natural."
"I-I-I am so, so, so sorry," Jenny continued; I found her embarrassment so cute!
"Actually, the fact that you were masturbating to a video of me and my submissive Allison is quite flattering," I mused. "What turned you on the most?"
"I-I-I don't know," she replied, clearly overwhelmed just that we were talking about such things.
"Did you find seeing me with a strap-on exciting?" I asked, moving closer. "Or was it Allison being fucked?" swearing in front of her for the first time. As I reached her, my hand grasped hers and I pulled her up and asked, "Or did you wish that you were the one on all fours getting fucked by my big strap-on cock?"
Her mouth dropped open and she froze in place, speechless. Her mouth opened and closed several times and faint sounds emerged, but no words came out. Adding to her confusion, I then leaned in and kissed her. At first it was gentle and sweet, but once she responded, tentatively at first, I used my tongue to part her lips. She responded more actively and our tongues danced inside each other's mouths. The urgency of the kiss increased as my hands slid down past her waist and beneath her skirt. The background noise of Allison coming on my strap-on enhanced the intensity of our kiss.
I finally broke away and asked, "What does my Jenny78ph want?"
"Pardon?" she asked, the significance of the words not immediately registering.
My hand traced her pussy lips through her wet panties. "Hmmmm, you are very wet, Jenny78 pantyhose."
She let out a soft moan from my touch. "H-h-how do you know my MSN name?"
"Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Have you not figured it out?" I smiled, my finger tapping her protruding clit.
Her breathing increased, and my finger was causing her so much distraction she couldn't make the obvious correlation.
I asked, "What is my first name, Jenny?"
"M-M-Megan," she moaned. I watched her face and her lips as she moaned with desire. It was so adorably cute as the light bulb came on and her face brightened to astonishment. She asked, her words coming out stunted as my finger continued putting pressure on her clit, "Oh, um, wait, oh my God, are you Dr. Meg?"
"The one and only," I purred, as my finger slipped past her soiled panties.
"I-I can't believe it," she gasped, astonished by my revelation.
"Yes, my dear, and I am now about to relieve all your stress and satisfy all your curiosity," I promised, my finger now between but not inside her wet pussy lips.
"But how?" she asked, overwhelmed as she began seeing further implications that could stem from this sudden new level of our friendship. I had baked cookies for her when she was fifteen, and now I was touching her twat!
"I've always thought you were sexy... shy but sexy. When I overhauled your computer I searched for clues and found which sites you usually frequent," I explained, before adding with a playful smile, "By the way, for future reference you need to erase your daily history if you don't wish people like your Mom, or conniving neighbors like me, to learn all your secrets."
"Aaaaaaah," she gasped as my finger took the plunge and slowly penetrated her fevered pussy.
"Jenny, it's all right. You're a lesbian and submissive; I am a lesbian and dominant," I explained.
Jenny, still trying to get the whole picture straight in her mind with one less player now on the field, stood there in a sexual trance. Her mind was trying to process the bizarre reality currently happening around her while within, her body was begging for the attention it had long craved.
"Jenny, I know exactly what you need," I told her gently, "even if you don't. You are submissive and a people pleaser, as your naughty story clearly demonstrates. You want to explore your sexuality but don't even know where to start. I'm here to help and guide you, honey."
Jenny looked directly into my eyes. I smiled. She looked tentative, yet I knew she had already made up her mind.
"If you wish me to Jenny, I will teach you how to be a good submissive pet and thus how to pleasure a woman properly and in return be pleasured thoroughly yourself," I continued, my finger now deep inside her, just lingering in her warmth.
"Please," she whispered.
"Please what?" I asked, my mouth close to her ear.
"Please, don't stop," she again whispered, such words difficult for her to say.
"Please don't stop what?" I pressured, pushing her deeper into admitting her desires and needs. I encouraged further responses by moving my finger ever so slowly inside her.
"P-p-please, don't stop fingering me," she elaborated, her breathing getting heavier.
"Do you want to come?" I asked, nibbling on her earlobe.
"God, yes," she moaned.
"Then I need to make something very clear, my dear," I whispered, my tongue darting in and out of her ear.
"Whaaaat?" she asked, distracted by my finger in her pussy and my tongue in her ear.
"If you wish, we will make love today. I will take you to levels of euphoria you have so far only imagined. You will taste your first pussy and I will fuck you," I explained. Suddenly I wondered if she was a virgin. I asked her, "Jenny, are you a virgin?"
"Yes," she admitted, as if such a declaration was admitting something shameful.
"It's ok, Jenny," I soothed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of. You're uncertain about your sexuality, and tonight I will help you discover and confirm your true sexuality."
"Kkkkkk," she whimpered, my finger causing her great pleasure but also great need, a constant teasing distraction, but also a goad.
"But I need to warn you: if you submit to me tonight, I will expect you to become my permanent submissive. If you surrender to me, you must henceforward obey every order I give without hesitation, and I do not tolerate disobedience. I know what you need and how to provide what you crave, but in return I expect unconditional loyalty," I explained, my finger touching, ever so briefly, her g-spot. Her legs trembled and I added, knowing her true submissive nature was taking over, "If you do not wish to submit to me, if you are not ready to agree to my terms, you may leave. We will pretend this never happened, I will still pay you double for tonight as promised and you will be free to continue to babysit Max if you're comfortable doing so knowing what you now know."
Her mind was clearly processing all my terms and all the things I was doing to her body. If there was an internal struggle between good girl Jenny and sexually curious Jenny, it was a brief one.
Going for broke, confident I was reading her correctly, I released her and backed up a few feet to say, "My dear sweet Jenny, it is time for you to decide. If you wish for me to become your Mistress, you simply need to undress for me."
Jenny's eyes never left mine as she began to obey my order instantly by reaching for a button and slowly beginning to unbutton her blouse. Her hands were trembling slightly as she tossed the blouse on the floor. Her small, perky breasts peeked out from her white lace bra.
"You are very beautiful, Jenny," I encouraged. "Please remove the skirt."
Jenny obeyed, sliding the skirt down her stocking-clad legs. She was then standing in front of me in her bra, white panties and mocha thigh highs. I looked down and saw her toenails were painted purple while her lipstick was light pink... but never mind fashion nuances for now. Overall, she looked so adorable, and good enough to eat!
I stepped back to her and as my hands grasped her shoulders, she was shivering. She looked pleadingly into my eyes, silently begging for me to pleasure her. I moved in for a soft kiss, just brushing her tender lips. I then moved to an ear. I nibbled on her earlobe, my hot breath flowing into her ear. She quivered and let out a soft moan. I then whispered, "Jenny..."
She whispered back, almost inaudibly, "Yes?"
"...are you ready?"
"Yes."
I moved down her neck, trailing gentle soft kisses. When my kisses reached her breasts, I unhooked her bra, allowing it to fall to the carpet. I licked, nibbled and sucked on her perky, firm breasts. I teased her nipples; I splattered her with butterfly kisses. Her breathing again increased from her desire. My tongue slid down her belly. I reached her panties and slowly, seductively, drew them down until they fell around her ankles. Requiring no urging, she stepped out of them. The ripe young lesbian-to-be now stood before me naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings. Kneeling, I gave her one gentle lick across her freshly trimmed pussy and allowed my tongue to roam down her left leg. I lifted her foot to my mouth and through the transparent silky fabric of her stocking, took each delicate toe into my mouth. Her breathing became heavier, more laboured. I moved back up to her delicious pussy and gave her one more long, wide lick, before gliding down her right leg and replicating my toe-sucking on that foot. I moved up, kissing behind her knee, her mid-thigh, around to her clit, up her belly and then to her lips. She eagerly kissed me back, moaning into my mouth with a new, determined hunger.
I broke the kiss, took her hand and without a word from either of us, led her to my bedroom as she followed pliantly. I lay her on my bed and kissed her again. Our tongues twisted and turned, danced and twirled. I moved back down to her special place and asked, "Does my dear pet want her pussy licked?"
"Yes please," she moaned.
"Tell me what you want, my pet," I purred, my breath hot on her pussy.
"I want you to lick me," she moaned.
"Where?" I asked, again pushing her to say the words.
"My pussy, please lick my pussy, Megan," she pleaded, an intense desperation in her voice, which was adorably sexy.
"Good girl," I purred and leaned forward to lick her virgin pussy. Her nectar was so sweet and she was already dripping wet. I knew her first orgasm would come quickly as her moans told me she was already close to a major stress release. I licked her with long, wide strokes and her moaning increased. I could tell her orgasm was imminent so I grasped her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it in.
She screamed, "Oooooooo myyyyyyyyyy gaawwd!"
Her orgasm quaked through her and the shy, reserved babysitter came sexually alive. As she writhed and screamed from her first intense orgasm, I continued pleasing her, already attempting to build a second orgasm in my new pet even as the first hadn't yet subsided. I continued licking, sucking and nibbling her clit, while I slid a finger inside her warm hole and pumped it in and out. Jenny was screaming, "Oh my god, don't stop, yes, yes, it feels so good!"
I continued to heat her up, getting her revved for more, stoking her need for another climax, but after a few more minutes of licking and fingering, I suddenly stood up, abandoning her to her unreleased urges.
She whimpered, "Noooooo!"
"Get on all fours," I ordered, adding, "and don't you dare touch your cunt, is that understood?"
"Kkkk," she moaned, obeying the order even though she was desperate to come again.
I went downstairs and pulled out the new strap-on I'd bought for this very occasion and returned to my hungry, newly insatiable teenager.
Once back in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothing while my babysitter looked on impatiently, but without complaint. I was soon as naked as she was except for our stockings. I asked, "Does my pet babysitter want to get fucked?"
"So bad," she finally felt at liberty to say, staring at the cock in my hand.
I fastened the harness in place and sauntered up to her. "Has Pet Jenny ever sucked a cock?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.
"Does she want to suck mine?" I asked, my anatomically correct cock now directly in front of her.
"Yes, ma'am," she answered.
"When we are alone I am your Mistress, Jenny. Is that understood? You do want a Mistress, don't you?" I asked.
The hesitation was brief before she responded as expected, "Yes, I truly do, Mistress Megan."
"Good girl," I purred, knowing that a true submissive lives and breathes for approval. "Now suck my cock, my pet."
She leaned forward and took my plastic cock in her mouth. Watching my cute, shy, sweet teenaged babysitter slowly bobbing up and down on my cock was one of the hottest moments of my life. Anytime I turn a straight girl or pull a bi-curious girl into the world of lesbian submission, I experience a joy and a sense of accomplishment I cannot explain. I don't do it just for the personal pleasure (although that is certainly one reward), I do it primarily to liberate young women from the sexual stereotypes that hold them back. Jenny wanted to be a lesbian, Jenny was submissive, and I had just pushed her over the edge to discovering her true nature, to accepting her true sexuality. Jenny had begun slowly, but soon began moving faster and I briefly imagined she could become a great cock sucker if she were ever to try playing the straight card.
Finally I pulled my cock out of her perfect mouth and asked, "Jenny my pet, are you ready for your Mistress to fuck you?"
She looked me straight in the eye and surprised me for the first time. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need your cock in me so fucking badly," she begged, the combination of her unexpected foul language coupled with her customary proper grammar absolutely delicious!
I moved her to all fours and joined her on the bed, placing myself behind her. I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips and was again surprised when she leaned back abruptly and forecefully, taking my cock inside her.
"You naughty little slut," I quipped playfully.
"Oh God, yes I am," she moaned, "Please fuck me, Mistress."
Never one to deny such a request, I put my hands on her hips and slowly began to slide my cock in and out of her sweet pussy.
She was so drenched my cock easily filled her completely, and as I started pumping in and out she began to get animated. The shy, reserved nerd begged, "Fuck me, harder, even harder! Fill my pussy completely! Make me your whore!"
Watching her complete transformation was so hot and I again obliged, my body thrusting into her. Her body also got involved and she began meeting my thrusts, attempting to get my cock deeper inside her.
As her moans increased I demanded, "Your pussy is called a cunt, my slut. Beg for me to fuck your tight cunt."
"Oh God, Mistress, please pound my dirty cunt with your cock, it feels sooooo good," she moaned.
We continued fucking for a few more minutes, sweat pouring off both of us as over and over our bodies crashed together and became one.
Finally, her breathing had become urgent panting and she screamed, "I'm coming again, Mistress, oh my God, oh my God, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck!"
She collapsed forward and I continued pumping her pussy from a new, deeper angle. Her orgasm was continuing through quiver after quiver of pleasure as I slowed my fucking and watched her, my cock still buried deep inside my no-longer-virgin babysitter.
Finally I pulled out of her beautiful cunt, removed my shiny-with-her-juices cock and went for a couple of glasses of water. I returned and she hadn't moved an inch. I handed my exhausted pet a glass of water and after sitting down on the edge of my bed, she downed the whole glass. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Allow me to please you, Mistress; I want to pleasure your cunt."
Joining her on the bed and lying back, I smiled up at her and promised, "Jenny, you will be pleasuring my cunt many, many times. Now crawl between my legs and begin to please your Mistress."
Eagerly, Jenny crawled between my stocking-clad legs. She looked at my completely shaved pussy, my slightly wet pussy lips, and my swollen clit with the awe of an innocent virgin.
"Go ahead, my pet," I purred, "Lick your Mistress's cunt."
She smiled and again surprised me. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."
"Do what, lick someone's pussy?" I asked.
"No, lick your pussy, Mistress," she answered, admitting, "I've fantasized about you for like, forever."
It was my turn to be surprised. "Really?" I asked, suddenly not completely in control.
"Really, really," she smiled, leaning forward and extending her tongue. I moaned on contact, my pretty babysitter between my legs licking me so sexily. For a pussy-licking rookie, she was very good. She licked, she sucked, she probed me with her fingers. She was like an explorer breaking into new territory, wishing to taste, search and learn about every aspect of my special place.
After a few minutes of her eager tongue, I was close and moaned, "I'm close, my pet slut, sooooo close!"
She took my clit into her mouth and put intense pressure on it and began shaking her head from left to right. This was a technique I had never experienced and I began breathing heavily, my own orgasm now imminent. "Oh, yes, Jenny, fuck, that is so good, more, more!"
Out of the blue she surprised me yet again by sliding a finger in my ass! It triggered the explosion of my orgasm and I flooded my juices all over my adorably cute babysitter's face. "Oh fuck, you nasty sluuuuuuut, I'm comiiiiiing!"
She continued teasing my ass, sucking on my clit and fingering my pussy while my orgasm surged through me. The intensity of the orgasm was so much more powerful than usual that I finally had to push her away. "Fuck, that was amazing, my pet," I whimpered, as I drew my legs together and allowed the last of the orgasm to subside.
She moved up and lay beside me, smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. "I read about that last move in a story online."
I laughed. "Well, keep reading, that was amazing."
She asked, her smile fading to serious, "Does it always feel this amazing?"
"It can. Although you should understand that I was very gentle with you tonight. I won't always be," I warned.
"I understand. But please don't hold back from doing whatever you wish with me: I want you to dominate me. I need you to treat me like a filthy slut, I know that now," she answered, the unhesitant words flowing past her sweet lips sounding so sinfully delicious. "All my fantasies have always been of being treated like a slut, being forced to do kinky things I would never dare to do on my own."
"You're going to make a great slave," I promised her, kissing her again. But once the tender kiss was broken, I looked at the clock and realized it had been almost two hours. I kissed her again and told her, "You must also understand that I will share you with my friends. I will take you to places you have never even imagined, and this time I mean physical places and sometimes people you've never met."
Her eyes went big, but she pledged me like a good submissive. "I understand Mistress, and eagerly await whatever you have in store for me."
I faced away from her, got on all fours and suddenly ordered, deciding to test her utter obedience, "Then lick my asshole, my pet."
"Yes Mistress," she replied without hesitation, crawling up to my ass. She pulled my ass-cheeks apart, and after a brief pause to admire the view, she leaned forward and began licking my dark dime. Such an eager submissive, she worked hard to poke her rigid tongue deep inside. Her eagerness to please was so fucking adorable and sexy!
Her submission keeping me horny, I ordered, "On your back, my pussy pleaser."
She again obeyed and I straddled her face. Without requiring any instruction, she again licked my pussy and time stood still as my new pet pleasured me. Finally my second orgasm was building and I began rubbing my pussy all over her sweet face until I came, flooding her face once again with my cum.
Climbing off her, I smiled and said, "Your sweet face looks absolutely adorable, all shiny with my cunt cum."
"Thanks, Mistress," she chirped companionably, like a good girl. She was being appropriately deferential insofar as she was abiding by all the submissive forms, and she was eagerly obedient to whatever I might demand of her, but she wasn't remotely intimidated or fearful. It was as if I had just introduced her to a whole new world, but one where she felt immediately at home. Interesting!
"Wait here," I ordered and returned a minute later with my camera. "Let's take a picture to remember this special day."
I thought she might balk at this potentially risky suggestion, that she might still have an unrevealed trust issue, but instead, she sat up and happily posed for me. I snapped a few pictures of her cunt-cum-covered face, her make-up totally ruined.
Setting the camera down, I came over to the bed and mentioned, "It's getting late."
She looked at the clock and sighed. "I suppose it is."
"Are you free tomorrow?" I asked.
Excited, like a girl being asked out by a boy she was crushing on, she answered, "Yes, yes I am!"
"Then tomorrow I am taking you out for a makeover," I smiled.
"Where?" she asked.
I just shrugged and said, "You'll see, but wear the same outfit you wore today when you went shopping."
"Yes Mistress, "she said, standing up.
She got dressed, we kissed one last time and she went home.
My head spinning with naughty possibilities, I smiled to myself. Tomorrow was going to be fun...
THE END... of Chapter 1.... Jenny's journey to lesbian submission continues in Bedding the Babysitter Chapter 2.
Summary: A lesbian neighbor uses the internet to seduce her innocent babysitter.
Note 1: Although originally released in September of 2010, this story was completely re-written in October of 2012, and re-polished yet again in April 2018.
Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 (2010), LaRacasse (2012) and Tex Beethoven (2018) for editing.
BEDDING THE BABYSITTER
My name is Megan. I am a 35-year-old single woman with a two-year-old son.
My neighbor Jenny had always been my perfect sitter. She attended a private school and almost always could be found wearing its uniform plaid skirt, crisp white blouse and knee-high nylons. (I found it interesting that she wore knee-high nylons and not white socks like most girls.) She always wore her dark brown hair in pigtails or a single braid, and her glasses made her look like a nerd or a geek, whichever term you prefer. Jenny was a senior in high school and had turned 18 a couple months ago, which is when I first began noticing she was frequently checking out my long legs and large breasts. Her constant glances had me wondering if she could be a lesbian, or at least curious, and I decided to find out.
Now I should note I am a computer technician by trade, so a seduction plan practically fell into my lap. Jenny had mentioned after babysitting one evening that her computer was running slow and asked if I could look at it for her; I told her I would, but she would need to do without it for a few days.
A couple days later after doing some routine computer maintenance, I had her computer zipping along as fast as when it was new. Curious about what she did online, I checked her search history and learned she loved a site called Literotica, an erotica story site. Drilling down into her history, I could tell that she read mostly lesbian porn, and her selections mostly followed the format of young being seduced by older, with young being submissive. My suspicions were right: she was at the very least curious about being with a woman but was probably way too shy ever to do anything about it. Since I am a dominant personality, dozens of naughty ideas began bouncing around my head. I installed a tracking app (which I fondly called my 'Snoop') that would send me reports on all her internet browsing to help me plan her seduction before returning the computer to her.
I called Jenny to tell her I had fixed her computer. Atypically she came over dressed in a cute flower sundress. I asked her a couple of questions, but first I complimented her.
"Jenny, you look absolutely adorable," I complimented, placing a hand on her bare shoulder.
"Thanks," she whispered timidly, not used to being admired. Although she was very pretty, she didn't seem to know it. Her fashion sense, or lack thereof, plus her self-confidence, or lack thereof, were hiding her true natural beauty.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, moving my hand away. A successful seduction requires reading the prey and deciding whether to go fast or slow, and I decided hers would definitely not be a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am seduction.
"No," she said, unable to look me in the eye.
"Really!" I said, acting surprised. "You're such a beautiful young woman, Jenny. I can't believe the boys aren't lining up to date you."
"I've never even had a date," she admitted.
I can't believe that," I objected, "you're way too pretty not to have had three or four boyfriends already."
"Well, I'm not sure I even want to date."
"Well, they can be exhausting," I joked.
She giggled, "That's what I hear."
"So even though you're gorgeous, you've never had a boyfriend. How about a girlfriend?" I asked, opening the door for the plan already formulating in my head.
Jenny's face went flaming red: she was either not used to receiving such compliments or, as I was hoping, was embarrassed because of her secret attraction to women. She stammered, "W-w-what? N-n-no, I...."
"I was just kidding, Jenny," I reassured her, my hand again going to her arm fleetingly. "Although there's nothing wrong with liking girls." After a long pause I added, again building on the complex web of seduction I was creating, "I certainly do."
"You do what?" Jenny asked, her eyes suddenly big.
"I only date women now," I admitted, then adding, "after that asshole of an ex-husband left Max and me I decided to swing the other way, and it's been a very satisfying decision."
"Y-y-you are a lesbian?" Jenny stammered, clearly flummoxed by this startling piece of information.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"N-n-no," she said, her face the darkest red possible.
"I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable," I said.
"No, no, it's fine," she replied, "I just found it surprising, is all."
"I find," I said, hoping to enhance her curiosity, "that only women can understand what women need." After another pause I joked, as I handed her computer to her, "Well, that's probably in the way-too-much-information-for-you category. Here's your computer; it's now working as well as the day you bought it."
"Thank you," she said, her mind clearly elsewhere. "What do I owe you?"
"How about free babysitting one day soon?" I asked.
"Sure, any time, Ms. Cameron," she said.
Once she was gone, I smiled at our conversation and at the potential.
*****
During the next three days my snoop app taught me a lot about her. She always went first to a music website and loaded some tunes to play in the background as she surfed. Next, she frequently checked her email and switched on her MSN chat program. She then would frequently go to a teen advice site, read all the new questions and often offer pertinent advice or just make sympathetic comments. After that it varied: looking up author sites, doing research for school, etc. But she always ended her evening by going to www.literotica.com and reading lesbian sex stories. She would begin with the newest stories and then search through the overall collection of lesbian stories. Sometimes she just clicked on titles that caught her eye, other times she would use the search engine, filtering by tags such as: submission, submissive, obey, schoolgirl, etc. Some of the titles she had read included: "Suburban Submission", "Cynthia's Submission", "The Professor's New Toy", "Bashful Betty" and most interesting, "Seducing the Babysitter". It became clear to me that whether she knew it or not, she was a submissive looking for someone to take charge of her. I decided to message her about some input she had given on the question of releasing stress. The question was, "How do you release stress?" She had responded, "All girls are different. And although I can comfortably advise on almost any academic topic, I have never been able to release my own stress."
I sent her an email that stated:
Hi, I beg your pardon for emailing you personally, behind the scenes as it were. But after reading your response about stress, I thought I could best respond to you in private. I have much experience in helping people to release/relieve their stress and perhaps I may be of service to you. I should advise you up front that my treatment methods are very unorthodox and you must be completely honest with me if you wish to obtain any lasting release. Love Megan.
15 minutes later, Jenny replied:
Thanks Megan, for the email, I really appreciate it. I am very curious to learn more about your methods. What do I do next? Love Jenny.
My next email tried to dig deeper and begin building her trust:
What kinds of things stress you out?
Her response didn't appear for almost an hour:
Lots of things. I guess the usual high school things: being popular, getting good grades, scholarship writing and relationships, I guess.
Trying to dig deeper, I asked a question while reassuring her she was not unlike most teenagers:
Those are very common teenage stresses. Does one of them cause you particular stress?
It was only seconds before she responded:
It is just hard to be yourself in high school, I guess.
Having begun an initial relationship with her, I tried to set her up for my plan:
"If you wish I can help you, but I need to know more about you. About what makes you tick."
Her response was immediate, and clearly she was waiting at her email:
"What do you need to know?"
I replied with a warning, setting up my web of seduction, hoping she would take the bait:
I will send you a questionnaire, but be warned that I ask some potentially uncomfortable questions. Only if you respond with complete honesty will I be able to assist you with more than superficial advice like you can find on that teen site.
As I expected, she replied almost immediately:
Please send me the survey and I promise to answer it honestly.
I told her I would send the questionnaire soon, and since I was winging it, I spent an hour composing the pertinent questions. A seduction is a temperamental thing, and I could either coax her in or scare her off. Finally happy with my questions, I wrote her:
"Dear sweet Jenny, if you are seriously interested, you must answer the following questions. You must be completely honest for my treatment to be effective. If I learn you have lied to me, I will halt your treatment instantly."
After double-checking my questions, I sent her the email. She responded in minutes.
Name: Jenny
Age: 18
Eye Color: Brown
Hair Color: Brown
Favorite Movie: A Walk to Remember
Favorite Band: Tegan & Sara
Three passions: Reading, writing, movies
Your biggest stress: Getting into Harvard.
How you deal with stress: Music, reading
How often you masturbate: At least once a day, it too releases stress
When you last masturbated: Last night.
What you masturbated about: This is embarrassing, but I was fantasizing about being told what to do by a cheerleader at my school. She doesn't even acknowledge I exist and she is a bitch to everyone beneath her, yet I can't help but fantasize about being dominated by her.
Your most constant fantasy: I also fantasize about being seduced by an older woman who teaches me how to please a woman completely.
Describe your sex life: My fingers, I am a virgin.
Describe your ideal boy and/or girl: A woman who is older, assertive, understanding.
What you are wearing right now: I am in a pair of pink pajamas.
Last item: One secret that no one knows about you: I like to masturbate while wearing pantyhose and no underwear as I love the silky feelings on my legs and vagina. I guess I have a nylon fetish.
Jenny's responses had answered all my questions and I knew she would be easy prey. My next email was as follows:
Dear Jenny:
Thank you for answering all my questions so frankly. Such honesty will lead to a complete cure to your stress problems. We will start the program immediately. My msn tag is DrMeg. Please message me as soon as you get this.
A few minutes later I got a beep.
Jen78ph: Hi. This is Jenny.
DrMeg: Hi Jenny. How are you?
Jenny78ph: Good.
DrMeg: What does 78ph mean?
Jenny78ph: 78 is a random number. Ph=pantyhose.
DrMeg: I see. Where do you live? I am an American living in Boston.
Jenny78ph: No way. I live in Boston too.
DrMeg: Very interesting. Maybe we will meet someday. Your answers to my questions make it clear you lack self-confidence. Would you agree that is true?
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I am average-looking and considered to be a nerd by most of my classmates. I'm also pretty much a loner.
DrMeg: I see. Confidence begins by loving yourself. Therefore I believe how you present yourself and what you wear (both of which greatly influence others' perception of your looks) can build your self-confidence.
Jeny78ph: Really???
DrMeg: Yes. For example, I am wearing a garter and stockings right now, under a skirt and a tight sweater. These build my confidence as I get many admiring looks from other men and women. What are you wearing?
Jenny78ph: Just jeans and a t-shirt.
DrMeg: Yet you like wearing nylons?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: Right now, I want you to change into nylons but not pantyhose. Do you have any stockings or thigh high nylons?
Jenny78ph: I only have pantyhose. What are thigh highs?
DrMeg: Stockings with an elastic top to hold them up by themselves around your thigh.
Jenny78ph: Oh, my mom has some.
DrMeg: Can you borrow a pair from her room?
Jenny78ph: Yes, she is not home and anyway she doesn't mind if I borrow her things.
DrMeg: Go put a pair on, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok. I will be back in a few.
About 4 minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I am back.
DrMeg: What are you wearing now?
Jenny78ph: Beige thigh highs, a long skirt and the same t-shirt.
DrMeg: Better. But now I want you to put on a skirt that is short enough for people to notice your nylons are thigh highs if you are sitting.
Jenny78ph: Now?
DrMeg: Yes, now, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Ok...BRB!
A couple minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I'm back and OMG you can indeed see the tops of these things with this skirt.
DrMeg: Good. This particular exercise is all about your own perceptions. You appear to others the way you see yourself.
Jenny78ph: I don't mean to be rude, but how will this help me relieve my stress?
DrMeg: All in good time, darling. Now I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. What do you see?
Jenny78ph: Um, still me, although I do look sexier.
DrMeg: Do you like the new look?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: If you like yourself, everything else follows.
Jenny78ph: Is it that simple?
DrMeg: Yes, confidence is built through loving yourself and being comfortable with who you are, both of which encourage you to understand that you deserve good things and are attractive.
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I have always been insecure about how others see me.
DrMeg: Let's test my theory.
Jenny78ph: How?
DrMeg: Do you trust me?
Jenny78ph: For some reason, yes.
DrMeg: Good. So dressed exactly as you are now, I want you to go to the mall and buy yourself your own collection of thigh highs. If possible, get the following colors: black, white, pink and mocha.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok, but everyone will see my entire stockings.
DrMeg: Yes, they will. They will see the new Jenny.
Jenny78ph: That they will! <giggles>
DrMeg: While you are out, pay attention to whether anyone notices the new you. Then message me when you get back.
Jenny78ph: Will you be online?
DrMeg: Maybe. But remain online while you are home and we are bound to hook up.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
I looked out the window and watched: a few minutes later she came out, dressed as instructed and hopped into her car. She was as obedient and submissive as I thought she'd be.
3 hours later.
Jenny78ph: Hi, I am back.
Jenny78ph: I got all the colors you requested and I also bought a red pair. They were on sale for buy six get one free. So I got an extra black pair and a beige pair too.
DrMeg: Great to hear you did so well. How did you feel going out dressed like that?
Jenny78ph: Great, actually. At first I was really self-conscious, but after getting over the original anxiety, I felt a rush. I felt sexy, something that usually doesn't correlate with my perception of myself. A few boys seemed to notice me, one even whistled, surprising me when I liked that, and the saleslady was super nice, complimenting me on my purchase.
DrMeg: I told you, how you dress is how you feel.
Jenny78ph: I did feel a little slutty though.
DrMeg: Dressing sexy does not make you slutty. Sleeping with a bunch of people makes you slutty. So I take it from your answers to the questionnaire you are a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: Um...I don't know...my fantasies are about girls, but I am not grossed out by boys.
DrMeg: Why older women?
Jenny78ph: I have no idea. I get more excited by them. They seem so sure of themselves. So powerful.
DrMeg: I see. Older women do have experience, unlike teenage boys.
Jenny78ph: I wouldn't know.
DrMeg: This cheerleader you fantasize about. Is she a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: No, she is dating a boy in college.
DrMeg: I see. I have a task for you tonight.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: Write a brief fantasy about yourself and the cheerleader and email it to me.
Jenny78ph: Um, I am not sure I can do that.
DrMeg: It doesn't have to be porn, just a detailed fantasy and go wherever your imagination takes you. It will help me to help you.
Jenny78ph: Ok, I will try.
DrMeg: I have to go meet another patient. I will talk to you tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok. : )
DrMeg: Goodnight, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Goodnight.
I logged out and watched what she did online. She went immediately to Literotica and browsed through some stories, all about girls submitting to dominant women and getting off on the experience, before selecting one. After about 20 minutes she logged out. She had read a lengthy story called "The Complete Submission" which I read also, which was an amazing submission story.
Next morning I found an email from Jenny. She was WAY more creative than I'd thought:
Dear Dr. Meg,
You said I didn't have to write porn, but you also said I should go wherever my imagination went and it kinda came out like porn. I hope it won't shock you too badly, but I want to do what you say. If this is bad, please say and I'm sorry and I'll try to do better.
I was leaving school when I remembered I left a book I needed to finish reading in my gym locker. I walked into the gym and saw Karen naked just getting dressed. She smiled at me and said, "Hey Jenny, why don't you take a picture, it lasts longer?"
I was shocked she even knew my name. I apologized with a stammer, my cheeks instantly turning red, "S-s-sorry."
She asked, "Actually Jenny, you can do me a favor."
"Sure," I asked, just excited she was conversing with me.
"Come here," she said, waving me over with a smile that I couldn't read.
I walked over and was stunned when she said, "You have been checking my body out all semester, haven't you, Jenny?"
My face ruby red now, I again stammered, trying to hide my guilt, "N-n-no, I have not."
"Don't lie," she smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You have been literally drooling over me and had to wipe your chin."
Her touch had me rattled and I couldn't even complete a rational sentence. "Um, I, I mean, I...."
She gently but firmly pushed down on my shoulders and my legs gave away as I was lowered onto my knees. "It was really hot today Jenny, and cheerleading practice was exhausting. I feel so diiiiirty," she said, stressing the word dirty.
My face was directly in front of her vagina and I was staring at it, lost in thought.
"What're you staring at, Jenny?" she asked, her tone saying she knew exactly what I was staring at.
I forced myself away from her vagina and looked up past her large breasts and into her eyes.
Smiling knowingly, she invited in a way where 'no' wasn't an option, "My vagina needs to be cleaned, why don't you clean it for me?"
I feigned reluctance, "Um, I-I-I am not a lesbian."
"Neither am I. I love fucking boys. But girls are way better at licking pussy," she smiled, reaching for my head and pulling me into her sweet sex.
I gave no resistance as I was 'invited' into my first act of lesbian activity. I extended my tongue and made contact with her vagina. She moaned, "Does nerdy little Jenny like my pussy?"
I stammered, already addicted, "Y-y-yes."
I licked slowly up and down on her vagina pussy lips, trying to please her and savour her unique and addictive taste. After a couple of minutes, I concentrated on her clit which made her legs tremble as she let out a loud moan.
"That's it my pet, lick my cunt good," she ordered.
Being called a pet had my own vagina getting wet and I eagerly continued pleasing the most beautiful girl I knew in school. I swirled my tongue around her clit, I sucked it in my mouth. I was addicted to her unique taste and never wanted to have this moment end.
Suddenly her hand on my head, she demanded, "Fuck, you lezzie-slut, suck my cunt, make me orgasm." She roughly pulled my head deeper into her vagina and began moving her body on my face. Always being a people-pleaser, I became a pussy-pleaser too, eagerly licking and sucking as I penetrated her vagina with my tongue.
Her moans got louder and I was soon rewarded with the sweetest taste God had created as her juices flooded out of her onto my tongue, lips and face. I continued to quench my unquenchable thirst, wanting more and more as I drowned in my submission and in her perfection.
Once her orgasm had run its course, she looked down at me and ordered, "Get undressed."
I stood up and obeyed, hands trembling, and began to unbutton my blouse.
"Hurry up, slut," she snapped impatiently.
I again obeyed, a mixture of anticipation and trepidation colliding in my mind. Once naked, I never felt more vulnerable as she looked me over. She asked, "Why do you hide such a beautiful body with such unflattering clothes?"
My face flushed again at getting a compliment from the girl I had fantasized about forever, the girl that made me reconsider my sexuality. "I-I-I don't know."
"You don't know how sexy you are, do you?" she asked, moving towards me.
"Um, I," I babbled unable to complete a full thought, drowning in the compliments and in the desire to be touched.
Reaching for me, she asked, her finger slowly moving between my breasts, "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"
"Yes," I whispered, almost inaudible.
"Pardon?" she asked, her finger slowly gliding around my erect right nipple.
"Yes, please," I whimpered at her touch.
"Yes, please, what?" she kept asking, her fingers pinching my nipple.
"Aaaaah, please lick my vagina," I moaned, giving myself to her.
"Vagina!" she laughed softly, her fingers meandering to my other nipple. "What else can you call that sweet box of yours?"
I paused, I almost never swore, but her fingers pinching my nipple had me distracted and horny. "My pussy," I moaned again, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"What else?" she asked, her finger now travelling slowly south.
Wanting her to touch me down there, to lick me, I answered, "My cunt, please touch my cunt."
"Good girl," she moaned, leaning forward and taking my breast in her mouth as her finger traced my wet vagina lips.
I quivered and let out an uncontrolled moan.
She pushed me onto the bench and moved between my trembling legs. Looking up at me, she asked, "Tell me what you want, my pet."
"Eat my cunt," I demanded. "I need to come so baaaaaad."
"Tell me you are a lezzie-slut," she demanded back, flicking my clitoris with her tongue.
My whole body quaked with one touch and I declared my sexuality without hesitation. "I'm a lezzie-slut. I love licking your beautiful pussy and will be your lezzie-slave who drops to her knees anytime, anywhere, to get just a taste of your perfection."
"Fuck, that is hot," she purred, burying her face between my legs. As her tongue did slow paintbrush strokes all over my pussy, my breathing got heavy. Usually it takes a while to come, but in a couple of minutes I could feel the volcano eruption of lust bubbling inside.
"Oh god, fuck, my cunt is burning," I moaned, as she slid a finger inside me.
She hooked her finger inside my inferno and began tapping on my g-spot.
I had spasm after spasm like an epileptic person as the volcano, dormant since the beginning of time, bubbled over. I felt fireworks in my head, chills through my entire body and a euphoria I didn't know possible as my orgasm hit.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed, babbling incoherently as my brain went blank and sexual energy poured through me.
She pulled her fingers out of me as the never-ending orgasm continued through my body. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my own juices on her lips; it was so naughty, so sweet and so natural.
Sadly, all good things must come to an end and she broke the kiss. Looking into my eyes, she smiled and said, "You understand you are now my property. You will be our little cheerleader pussy pleaser. Do you agree and understand?"
I nodded yes, knowing I would do anything to taste her again, to feel that feeling of utopia I just experienced.
"Tomorrow you are going to become the cheerleading squad's personal pussy-pleaser," she promised.
"Yes, Mistress Karen," I replied.
I was impressed. She had written a fantasy that was Literotica-worthy and had given me a plethora of insight into her young, submissive mind.
That night we met on MSN, clearly stressed about what she had sent me.
Jenny78ph: Are you there?
Jenny78ph: That story was so embarrassing; I can't believe I sent it. I have been stressed about it all day thinking about what you must think of me. It was bad, wasn't it, and you were shocked?
I waited a few minutes before responding, not wanting to look too eager. I was portraying the voice of knowledgeable reason, dontcha know!
DrMeg: Hi, my dear. There is no reason to be ashamed and it certainly wasn't shocking or bad. Fantasy is natural and a great way to relieve stress.
Jenny78ph: Really? You're not mad?
DrMeg: Of course not. I fantasize too.
Jenny78ph: About?
DrMeg: Many things. Your fantasy turned me on a lot and told me so much about you. I enjoyed how real the fantasy was, you could probably write for Literotica with that nasty mind of yours.
Jenny78ph: Really? OMG, I am SO embarrassed. You think I have a nasty mind?
DrMeg: Yes, you really do. But do not be embarrassed, be proud. By writing down your fantasy and then sending it to someone who understands you, you have allowed your pent-up frustrations to be released and your true sexual desire to come alive. I assume you got off last night after writing it?
Jenny78ph: Yes...twice.
DrMeg: So I learned a lot from your fantasy, by the way.
Jenny78ph: Like what???
DrMeg: You are very smart, yet insecure.
Jenny78ph: True and true.
DrMeg: You stress easily and have no real outlet to release your stress, so I assume you either read or watch a lot of porn online.
Jenny78ph: OMG! <blushing>
DrMeg: Am I wrong?
Jenny78ph: No, I read a lot online.
DrMeg: A lot of what?
Jenny78ph: Porn, mostly lesbian porn.
DrMeg: And I am guessing it is lesbian porn where one experienced person seduces an inexperienced one.
Jenny78ph: Yes <blushing>
DrMeg: And I am also guessing it is one where one woman dominates and controls another.
Jenny78ph: Am I that transparent?
DrMeg: Not to everyone, but I can also tell you are the submissive one, because after being high-strung and stressed at school or work, you want to just let go and be told what to do.
Jenny78ph: OMG, yes! <mortified blushing>
DrMeg: I want you to finger yourself for me, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Good girl. It's now time for the next step in your treatment. Do you want an online Mistress to guide you as you learn your true sexuality?
Jenny78ph: Yes!!!!!!!!!
DrMeg: And you will obey my instructions without hesitation?
Jenny78ph: yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Didn't you call that cheerleader Mistress? You may address me in that fashion if you wish.
Jenny78ph: Sorry, yes Mistress, I will obey ALL your instructions.
DrMeg: Now slide two fingers in that sweet cunt of yours and come for your Mistress Megan.
DrMeg: Come now, my pet.
DrMeg: Now!!!
Jenny78ph: Kkkkkkk, Comiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
Choosing that exact moment, I picked up the phone and called her cell number. Surprisingly, she picked it up on the fourth ring. Her breathing was stilted and it was obvious she had obeyed my instruction.
"Hi, Ms. Cameron," she said, her voice raspy.
"You ok?" I asked, although I knew exactly why she was breathing like she was.
"Sorry, just finished working out," she covered impressively.
"I hate to ask last minute, but I desperately need a babysitter tonight," I said, adding, "any chance you can be a dear and come over?" I shook my head when I realized I had used the word 'dear'. Luckily she didn't make the correlation that her next door neighbor Megan and her online Mistress Megan were one and the same.
From her hesitation, I could tell she didn't want to come over, she wanted to keep chatting with the cyber me. So I sent her a quick message.
DrMeg: Sorry, but I have to get going. We will continue our conversation tomorrow, is that clear, my dear?
On the phone I pleaded, "Sorry Jenny, but I am so desperate, please, I'll pay you double."
"Sure, sure I'll do it," Jenny said, her usual can't-say-no, people-pleaser self, always sacrificing her own time to help others.
"You're a life-saver," I gushed thankfully. "Can you be here in an hour?"
"Sure, Ms. Cameron," she agreed.
"You can call me Megan," I said, dropping another hint of my double identity.
Jenny said, "OK, thanks, Megan, I'll be there at eight."
"Eight is great," I quipped, before adding, "See you then."
I hung up and saw Jenny had continued our cyber conversation.
Jenny78ph: That is ok, I have to go babysit for my neighbor in an hour.
DrMeg: Fun. I am going out right away. I have a date with my girlfriend.
Jenny78ph: Like a friend who is a girl or a 'girlfriend'?
DrMeg: Truthfully, she is a slave of mine. I have a few women who service me sexually.
Jenny78ph: ???
DrMeg: Just kidding.
Jenny78ph: Oh.
DrMeg: Actually, do you want to know a secret?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: I wasn't kidding. I have a woman coming over tonight I am going to use to release my stress. When you are more confident you will be able to release your stress through sex too.
Jenny78ph: Not sure I will ever be that confident.
DrMeg: I promise we will find your happy place. You have already begun the transition.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: I want you to do something for me.
Jenny78ph: Of course.
DrMeg: When you go to babysit, I want you to wear the shortest skirt you have, and thigh highs that match.
Jenny78ph: To babysit?
DrMeg: Yes. Are you going to do as I say?
Jenny78ph: Yes, sorry for questioning you.
DrMeg: It's ok. I have to go and shave for tonight. Do you shave your special place?
Jenny78ph: I trim it.
DrMeg: Be sure it is nice and trimmed before you go out tonight. You always want to look attractive down there, even if you're the only one who knows.
Jenny78ph: OK.
DrMeg: I must get going. I will talk to you later tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok, thank you...Bye.
I got ready for my fake date. I would go out for an hour or so, giving Jenny enough time for my plan to kick into action. I was dressed in a black leather skirt, beige stockings and a red blouse. Jenny arrived dressed in one of her plaid school skirts that she must have first worn back when her legs were shorter, mocha thigh highs, and her white school blouse. You could clearly see her nylons were thigh highs.
"Wow, you look adorable, Jenny," I complimented her. "Do you have a late-night date?"
"Thanks Ms. Cameron. You look pretty too and no, I was just trying something new and didn't have time to change."
"Well it really works for you," I said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "I've got a hot date. Max is already asleep, so you can watch a DVD if you want. I think you'll like the one in the machine, it's a fun movie."
"Ok, have fun," she said, her usual bubbly self.
"Oh, I will," I said ever-so-coyly.
After I left, I drove to a nearby adult store and picked up a new smaller strap-on I hoped to use on my cute babysitter later tonight. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, I drove home and snuck in the back door, quiet as a mouse.
From the dark kitchen, I checked in on my babysitter.
She was on the couch, her legs open and her hand assumedly pleasuring herself as she watched a scene of me fucking the pussy of a pretty 21-year-old coed I had seduced a while ago. The girl, a sweet submissive volleyball player named Allison, was screaming "Yes Mistress, fuck me, bang my tight pussy!" I allowed the scene to go on for a couple of minutes, long enough to savour Jenny's soft moans, before I decided it was time for me to 'return home.' I snuck back out the back door and came in the front door. I closed it silently to avoid startling my in-the-throes-of- self-pleasure babysitter. The sounds of the DVD echoed through the house, "Yes Mistress, pound me, I'm coming!" When I entered, Jenny scrambled to cover herself, but couldn't do so in time.
I looked at the TV, a sly smile on my face and gasped, faking surprise, "Oops, that wasn't the movie you were supposed to see!"
She stammered, apologized and begged me "I-I-I am s-s-so sorry, Ms. Cameron. P-p-p-please don't tell my mother!"
Her red cheeks expressed both guilt from what she was doing and also the shame that came from being caught in such a compromising position. "It's ok, my dear, masturbation is natural."
"I-I-I am so, so, so sorry," Jenny continued; I found her embarrassment so cute!
"Actually, the fact that you were masturbating to a video of me and my submissive Allison is quite flattering," I mused. "What turned you on the most?"
"I-I-I don't know," she replied, clearly overwhelmed just that we were talking about such things.
"Did you find seeing me with a strap-on exciting?" I asked, moving closer. "Or was it Allison being fucked?" swearing in front of her for the first time. As I reached her, my hand grasped hers and I pulled her up and asked, "Or did you wish that you were the one on all fours getting fucked by my big strap-on cock?"
Her mouth dropped open and she froze in place, speechless. Her mouth opened and closed several times and faint sounds emerged, but no words came out. Adding to her confusion, I then leaned in and kissed her. At first it was gentle and sweet, but once she responded, tentatively at first, I used my tongue to part her lips. She responded more actively and our tongues danced inside each other's mouths. The urgency of the kiss increased as my hands slid down past her waist and beneath her skirt. The background noise of Allison coming on my strap-on enhanced the intensity of our kiss.
I finally broke away and asked, "What does my Jenny78ph want?"
"Pardon?" she asked, the significance of the words not immediately registering.
My hand traced her pussy lips through her wet panties. "Hmmmm, you are very wet, Jenny78 pantyhose."
She let out a soft moan from my touch. "H-h-how do you know my MSN name?"
"Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Have you not figured it out?" I smiled, my finger tapping her protruding clit.
Her breathing increased, and my finger was causing her so much distraction she couldn't make the obvious correlation.
I asked, "What is my first name, Jenny?"
"M-M-Megan," she moaned. I watched her face and her lips as she moaned with desire. It was so adorably cute as the light bulb came on and her face brightened to astonishment. She asked, her words coming out stunted as my finger continued putting pressure on her clit, "Oh, um, wait, oh my God, are you Dr. Meg?"
"The one and only," I purred, as my finger slipped past her soiled panties.
"I-I can't believe it," she gasped, astonished by my revelation.
"Yes, my dear, and I am now about to relieve all your stress and satisfy all your curiosity," I promised, my finger now between but not inside her wet pussy lips.
"But how?" she asked, overwhelmed as she began seeing further implications that could stem from this sudden new level of our friendship. I had baked cookies for her when she was fifteen, and now I was touching her twat!
"I've always thought you were sexy... shy but sexy. When I overhauled your computer I searched for clues and found which sites you usually frequent," I explained, before adding with a playful smile, "By the way, for future reference you need to erase your daily history if you don't wish people like your Mom, or conniving neighbors like me, to learn all your secrets."
"Aaaaaaah," she gasped as my finger took the plunge and slowly penetrated her fevered pussy.
"Jenny, it's all right. You're a lesbian and submissive; I am a lesbian and dominant," I explained.
Jenny, still trying to get the whole picture straight in her mind with one less player now on the field, stood there in a sexual trance. Her mind was trying to process the bizarre reality currently happening around her while within, her body was begging for the attention it had long craved.
"Jenny, I know exactly what you need," I told her gently, "even if you don't. You are submissive and a people pleaser, as your naughty story clearly demonstrates. You want to explore your sexuality but don't even know where to start. I'm here to help and guide you, honey."
Jenny looked directly into my eyes. I smiled. She looked tentative, yet I knew she had already made up her mind.
"If you wish me to Jenny, I will teach you how to be a good submissive pet and thus how to pleasure a woman properly and in return be pleasured thoroughly yourself," I continued, my finger now deep inside her, just lingering in her warmth.
"Please," she whispered.
"Please what?" I asked, my mouth close to her ear.
"Please, don't stop," she again whispered, such words difficult for her to say.
"Please don't stop what?" I pressured, pushing her deeper into admitting her desires and needs. I encouraged further responses by moving my finger ever so slowly inside her.
"P-p-please, don't stop fingering me," she elaborated, her breathing getting heavier.
"Do you want to come?" I asked, nibbling on her earlobe.
"God, yes," she moaned.
"Then I need to make something very clear, my dear," I whispered, my tongue darting in and out of her ear.
"Whaaaat?" she asked, distracted by my finger in her pussy and my tongue in her ear.
"If you wish, we will make love today. I will take you to levels of euphoria you have so far only imagined. You will taste your first pussy and I will fuck you," I explained. Suddenly I wondered if she was a virgin. I asked her, "Jenny, are you a virgin?"
"Yes," she admitted, as if such a declaration was admitting something shameful.
"It's ok, Jenny," I soothed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of. You're uncertain about your sexuality, and tonight I will help you discover and confirm your true sexuality."
"Kkkkkk," she whimpered, my finger causing her great pleasure but also great need, a constant teasing distraction, but also a goad.
"But I need to warn you: if you submit to me tonight, I will expect you to become my permanent submissive. If you surrender to me, you must henceforward obey every order I give without hesitation, and I do not tolerate disobedience. I know what you need and how to provide what you crave, but in return I expect unconditional loyalty," I explained, my finger touching, ever so briefly, her g-spot. Her legs trembled and I added, knowing her true submissive nature was taking over, "If you do not wish to submit to me, if you are not ready to agree to my terms, you may leave. We will pretend this never happened, I will still pay you double for tonight as promised and you will be free to continue to babysit Max if you're comfortable doing so knowing what you now know."
Her mind was clearly processing all my terms and all the things I was doing to her body. If there was an internal struggle between good girl Jenny and sexually curious Jenny, it was a brief one.
Going for broke, confident I was reading her correctly, I released her and backed up a few feet to say, "My dear sweet Jenny, it is time for you to decide. If you wish for me to become your Mistress, you simply need to undress for me."
Jenny's eyes never left mine as she began to obey my order instantly by reaching for a button and slowly beginning to unbutton her blouse. Her hands were trembling slightly as she tossed the blouse on the floor. Her small, perky breasts peeked out from her white lace bra.
"You are very beautiful, Jenny," I encouraged. "Please remove the skirt."
Jenny obeyed, sliding the skirt down her stocking-clad legs. She was then standing in front of me in her bra, white panties and mocha thigh highs. I looked down and saw her toenails were painted purple while her lipstick was light pink... but never mind fashion nuances for now. Overall, she looked so adorable, and good enough to eat!
I stepped back to her and as my hands grasped her shoulders, she was shivering. She looked pleadingly into my eyes, silently begging for me to pleasure her. I moved in for a soft kiss, just brushing her tender lips. I then moved to an ear. I nibbled on her earlobe, my hot breath flowing into her ear. She quivered and let out a soft moan. I then whispered, "Jenny..."
She whispered back, almost inaudibly, "Yes?"
"...are you ready?"
"Yes."
I moved down her neck, trailing gentle soft kisses. When my kisses reached her breasts, I unhooked her bra, allowing it to fall to the carpet. I licked, nibbled and sucked on her perky, firm breasts. I teased her nipples; I splattered her with butterfly kisses. Her breathing again increased from her desire. My tongue slid down her belly. I reached her panties and slowly, seductively, drew them down until they fell around her ankles. Requiring no urging, she stepped out of them. The ripe young lesbian-to-be now stood before me naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings. Kneeling, I gave her one gentle lick across her freshly trimmed pussy and allowed my tongue to roam down her left leg. I lifted her foot to my mouth and through the transparent silky fabric of her stocking, took each delicate toe into my mouth. Her breathing became heavier, more laboured. I moved back up to her delicious pussy and gave her one more long, wide lick, before gliding down her right leg and replicating my toe-sucking on that foot. I moved up, kissing behind her knee, her mid-thigh, around to her clit, up her belly and then to her lips. She eagerly kissed me back, moaning into my mouth with a new, determined hunger.
I broke the kiss, took her hand and without a word from either of us, led her to my bedroom as she followed pliantly. I lay her on my bed and kissed her again. Our tongues twisted and turned, danced and twirled. I moved back down to her special place and asked, "Does my dear pet want her pussy licked?"
"Yes please," she moaned.
"Tell me what you want, my pet," I purred, my breath hot on her pussy.
"I want you to lick me," she moaned.
"Where?" I asked, again pushing her to say the words.
"My pussy, please lick my pussy, Megan," she pleaded, an intense desperation in her voice, which was adorably sexy.
"Good girl," I purred and leaned forward to lick her virgin pussy. Her nectar was so sweet and she was already dripping wet. I knew her first orgasm would come quickly as her moans told me she was already close to a major stress release. I licked her with long, wide strokes and her moaning increased. I could tell her orgasm was imminent so I grasped her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it in.
She screamed, "Oooooooo myyyyyyyyyy gaawwd!"
Her orgasm quaked through her and the shy, reserved babysitter came sexually alive. As she writhed and screamed from her first intense orgasm, I continued pleasing her, already attempting to build a second orgasm in my new pet even as the first hadn't yet subsided. I continued licking, sucking and nibbling her clit, while I slid a finger inside her warm hole and pumped it in and out. Jenny was screaming, "Oh my god, don't stop, yes, yes, it feels so good!"
I continued to heat her up, getting her revved for more, stoking her need for another climax, but after a few more minutes of licking and fingering, I suddenly stood up, abandoning her to her unreleased urges.
She whimpered, "Noooooo!"
"Get on all fours," I ordered, adding, "and don't you dare touch your cunt, is that understood?"
"Kkkk," she moaned, obeying the order even though she was desperate to come again.
I went downstairs and pulled out the new strap-on I'd bought for this very occasion and returned to my hungry, newly insatiable teenager.
Once back in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothing while my babysitter looked on impatiently, but without complaint. I was soon as naked as she was except for our stockings. I asked, "Does my pet babysitter want to get fucked?"
"So bad," she finally felt at liberty to say, staring at the cock in my hand.
I fastened the harness in place and sauntered up to her. "Has Pet Jenny ever sucked a cock?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.
"Does she want to suck mine?" I asked, my anatomically correct cock now directly in front of her.
"Yes, ma'am," she answered.
"When we are alone I am your Mistress, Jenny. Is that understood? You do want a Mistress, don't you?" I asked.
The hesitation was brief before she responded as expected, "Yes, I truly do, Mistress Megan."
"Good girl," I purred, knowing that a true submissive lives and breathes for approval. "Now suck my cock, my pet."
She leaned forward and took my plastic cock in her mouth. Watching my cute, shy, sweet teenaged babysitter slowly bobbing up and down on my cock was one of the hottest moments of my life. Anytime I turn a straight girl or pull a bi-curious girl into the world of lesbian submission, I experience a joy and a sense of accomplishment I cannot explain. I don't do it just for the personal pleasure (although that is certainly one reward), I do it primarily to liberate young women from the sexual stereotypes that hold them back. Jenny wanted to be a lesbian, Jenny was submissive, and I had just pushed her over the edge to discovering her true nature, to accepting her true sexuality. Jenny had begun slowly, but soon began moving faster and I briefly imagined she could become a great cock sucker if she were ever to try playing the straight card.
Finally I pulled my cock out of her perfect mouth and asked, "Jenny my pet, are you ready for your Mistress to fuck you?"
She looked me straight in the eye and surprised me for the first time. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need your cock in me so fucking badly," she begged, the combination of her unexpected foul language coupled with her customary proper grammar absolutely delicious!
I moved her to all fours and joined her on the bed, placing myself behind her. I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips and was again surprised when she leaned back abruptly and forecefully, taking my cock inside her.
"You naughty little slut," I quipped playfully.
"Oh God, yes I am," she moaned, "Please fuck me, Mistress."
Never one to deny such a request, I put my hands on her hips and slowly began to slide my cock in and out of her sweet pussy.
She was so drenched my cock easily filled her completely, and as I started pumping in and out she began to get animated. The shy, reserved nerd begged, "Fuck me, harder, even harder! Fill my pussy completely! Make me your whore!"
Watching her complete transformation was so hot and I again obliged, my body thrusting into her. Her body also got involved and she began meeting my thrusts, attempting to get my cock deeper inside her.
As her moans increased I demanded, "Your pussy is called a cunt, my slut. Beg for me to fuck your tight cunt."
"Oh God, Mistress, please pound my dirty cunt with your cock, it feels sooooo good," she moaned.
We continued fucking for a few more minutes, sweat pouring off both of us as over and over our bodies crashed together and became one.
Finally, her breathing had become urgent panting and she screamed, "I'm coming again, Mistress, oh my God, oh my God, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck!"
She collapsed forward and I continued pumping her pussy from a new, deeper angle. Her orgasm was continuing through quiver after quiver of pleasure as I slowed my fucking and watched her, my cock still buried deep inside my no-longer-virgin babysitter.
Finally I pulled out of her beautiful cunt, removed my shiny-with-her-juices cock and went for a couple of glasses of water. I returned and she hadn't moved an inch. I handed my exhausted pet a glass of water and after sitting down on the edge of my bed, she downed the whole glass. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Allow me to please you, Mistress; I want to pleasure your cunt."
Joining her on the bed and lying back, I smiled up at her and promised, "Jenny, you will be pleasuring my cunt many, many times. Now crawl between my legs and begin to please your Mistress."
Eagerly, Jenny crawled between my stocking-clad legs. She looked at my completely shaved pussy, my slightly wet pussy lips, and my swollen clit with the awe of an innocent virgin.
"Go ahead, my pet," I purred, "Lick your Mistress's cunt."
She smiled and again surprised me. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."
"Do what, lick someone's pussy?" I asked.
"No, lick your pussy, Mistress," she answered, admitting, "I've fantasized about you for like, forever."
It was my turn to be surprised. "Really?" I asked, suddenly not completely in control.
"Really, really," she smiled, leaning forward and extending her tongue. I moaned on contact, my pretty babysitter between my legs licking me so sexily. For a pussy-licking rookie, she was very good. She licked, she sucked, she probed me with her fingers. She was like an explorer breaking into new territory, wishing to taste, search and learn about every aspect of my special place.
After a few minutes of her eager tongue, I was close and moaned, "I'm close, my pet slut, sooooo close!"
She took my clit into her mouth and put intense pressure on it and began shaking her head from left to right. This was a technique I had never experienced and I began breathing heavily, my own orgasm now imminent. "Oh, yes, Jenny, fuck, that is so good, more, more!"
Out of the blue she surprised me yet again by sliding a finger in my ass! It triggered the explosion of my orgasm and I flooded my juices all over my adorably cute babysitter's face. "Oh fuck, you nasty sluuuuuuut, I'm comiiiiiing!"
She continued teasing my ass, sucking on my clit and fingering my pussy while my orgasm surged through me. The intensity of the orgasm was so much more powerful than usual that I finally had to push her away. "Fuck, that was amazing, my pet," I whimpered, as I drew my legs together and allowed the last of the orgasm to subside.
She moved up and lay beside me, smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. "I read about that last move in a story online."
I laughed. "Well, keep reading, that was amazing."
She asked, her smile fading to serious, "Does it always feel this amazing?"
"It can. Although you should understand that I was very gentle with you tonight. I won't always be," I warned.
"I understand. But please don't hold back from doing whatever you wish with me: I want you to dominate me. I need you to treat me like a filthy slut, I know that now," she answered, the unhesitant words flowing past her sweet lips sounding so sinfully delicious. "All my fantasies have always been of being treated like a slut, being forced to do kinky things I would never dare to do on my own."
"You're going to make a great slave," I promised her, kissing her again. But once the tender kiss was broken, I looked at the clock and realized it had been almost two hours. I kissed her again and told her, "You must also understand that I will share you with my friends. I will take you to places you have never even imagined, and this time I mean physical places and sometimes people you've never met."
Her eyes went big, but she pledged me like a good submissive. "I understand Mistress, and eagerly await whatever you have in store for me."
I faced away from her, got on all fours and suddenly ordered, deciding to test her utter obedience, "Then lick my asshole, my pet."
"Yes Mistress," she replied without hesitation, crawling up to my ass. She pulled my ass-cheeks apart, and after a brief pause to admire the view, she leaned forward and began licking my dark dime. Such an eager submissive, she worked hard to poke her rigid tongue deep inside. Her eagerness to please was so fucking adorable and sexy!
Her submission keeping me horny, I ordered, "On your back, my pussy pleaser."
She again obeyed and I straddled her face. Without requiring any instruction, she again licked my pussy and time stood still as my new pet pleasured me. Finally my second orgasm was building and I began rubbing my pussy all over her sweet face until I came, flooding her face once again with my cum.
Climbing off her, I smiled and said, "Your sweet face looks absolutely adorable, all shiny with my cunt cum."
"Thanks, Mistress," she chirped companionably, like a good girl. She was being appropriately deferential insofar as she was abiding by all the submissive forms, and she was eagerly obedient to whatever I might demand of her, but she wasn't remotely intimidated or fearful. It was as if I had just introduced her to a whole new world, but one where she felt immediately at home. Interesting!
"Wait here," I ordered and returned a minute later with my camera. "Let's take a picture to remember this special day."
I thought she might balk at this potentially risky suggestion, that she might still have an unrevealed trust issue, but instead, she sat up and happily posed for me. I snapped a few pictures of her cunt-cum-covered face, her make-up totally ruined.
Setting the camera down, I came over to the bed and mentioned, "It's getting late."
She looked at the clock and sighed. "I suppose it is."
"Are you free tomorrow?" I asked.
Excited, like a girl being asked out by a boy she was crushing on, she answered, "Yes, yes I am!"
"Then tomorrow I am taking you out for a makeover," I smiled.
"Where?" she asked.
I just shrugged and said, "You'll see, but wear the same outfit you wore today when you went shopping."
"Yes Mistress, "she said, standing up.
She got dressed, we kissed one last time and she went home.
My head spinning with naughty possibilities, I smiled to myself. Tomorrow was going to be fun...
THE END... of Chapter 1.... Jenny's journey to lesbian submission continues in Bedding the Babysitter Chapter 2.
Summary: A lesbian neighbor uses the internet to seduce her innocent babysitter.
Note 1: Although originally released in September of 2010, this story was completely re-written in October of 2012, and re-polished yet again in April 2018.
Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 (2010), LaRacasse (2012) and Tex Beethoven (2018) for editing.
BEDDING THE BABYSITTER
My name is Megan. I am a 35-year-old single woman with a two-year-old son.
My neighbor Jenny had always been my perfect sitter. She attended a private school and almost always could be found wearing its uniform plaid skirt, crisp white blouse and knee-high nylons. (I found it interesting that she wore knee-high nylons and not white socks like most girls.) She always wore her dark brown hair in pigtails or a single braid, and her glasses made her look like a nerd or a geek, whichever term you prefer. Jenny was a senior in high school and had turned 18 a couple months ago, which is when I first began noticing she was frequently checking out my long legs and large breasts. Her constant glances had me wondering if she could be a lesbian, or at least curious, and I decided to find out.
Now I should note I am a computer technician by trade, so a seduction plan practically fell into my lap. Jenny had mentioned after babysitting one evening that her computer was running slow and asked if I could look at it for her; I told her I would, but she would need to do without it for a few days.
A couple days later after doing some routine computer maintenance, I had her computer zipping along as fast as when it was new. Curious about what she did online, I checked her search history and learned she loved a site called Literotica, an erotica story site. Drilling down into her history, I could tell that she read mostly lesbian porn, and her selections mostly followed the format of young being seduced by older, with young being submissive. My suspicions were right: she was at the very least curious about being with a woman but was probably way too shy ever to do anything about it. Since I am a dominant personality, dozens of naughty ideas began bouncing around my head. I installed a tracking app (which I fondly called my 'Snoop') that would send me reports on all her internet browsing to help me plan her seduction before returning the computer to her.
I called Jenny to tell her I had fixed her computer. Atypically she came over dressed in a cute flower sundress. I asked her a couple of questions, but first I complimented her.
"Jenny, you look absolutely adorable," I complimented, placing a hand on her bare shoulder.
"Thanks," she whispered timidly, not used to being admired. Although she was very pretty, she didn't seem to know it. Her fashion sense, or lack thereof, plus her self-confidence, or lack thereof, were hiding her true natural beauty.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, moving my hand away. A successful seduction requires reading the prey and deciding whether to go fast or slow, and I decided hers would definitely not be a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am seduction.
"No," she said, unable to look me in the eye.
"Really!" I said, acting surprised. "You're such a beautiful young woman, Jenny. I can't believe the boys aren't lining up to date you."
"I've never even had a date," she admitted.
I can't believe that," I objected, "you're way too pretty not to have had three or four boyfriends already."
"Well, I'm not sure I even want to date."
"Well, they can be exhausting," I joked.
She giggled, "That's what I hear."
"So even though you're gorgeous, you've never had a boyfriend. How about a girlfriend?" I asked, opening the door for the plan already formulating in my head.
Jenny's face went flaming red: she was either not used to receiving such compliments or, as I was hoping, was embarrassed because of her secret attraction to women. She stammered, "W-w-what? N-n-no, I...."
"I was just kidding, Jenny," I reassured her, my hand again going to her arm fleetingly. "Although there's nothing wrong with liking girls." After a long pause I added, again building on the complex web of seduction I was creating, "I certainly do."
"You do what?" Jenny asked, her eyes suddenly big.
"I only date women now," I admitted, then adding, "after that asshole of an ex-husband left Max and me I decided to swing the other way, and it's been a very satisfying decision."
"Y-y-you are a lesbian?" Jenny stammered, clearly flummoxed by this startling piece of information.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"N-n-no," she said, her face the darkest red possible.
"I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable," I said.
"No, no, it's fine," she replied, "I just found it surprising, is all."
"I find," I said, hoping to enhance her curiosity, "that only women can understand what women need." After another pause I joked, as I handed her computer to her, "Well, that's probably in the way-too-much-information-for-you category. Here's your computer; it's now working as well as the day you bought it."
"Thank you," she said, her mind clearly elsewhere. "What do I owe you?"
"How about free babysitting one day soon?" I asked.
"Sure, any time, Ms. Cameron," she said.
Once she was gone, I smiled at our conversation and at the potential.
*****
During the next three days my snoop app taught me a lot about her. She always went first to a music website and loaded some tunes to play in the background as she surfed. Next, she frequently checked her email and switched on her MSN chat program. She then would frequently go to a teen advice site, read all the new questions and often offer pertinent advice or just make sympathetic comments. After that it varied: looking up author sites, doing research for school, etc. But she always ended her evening by going to www.literotica.com and reading lesbian sex stories. She would begin with the newest stories and then search through the overall collection of lesbian stories. Sometimes she just clicked on titles that caught her eye, other times she would use the search engine, filtering by tags such as: submission, submissive, obey, schoolgirl, etc. Some of the titles she had read included: "Suburban Submission", "Cynthia's Submission", "The Professor's New Toy", "Bashful Betty" and most interesting, "Seducing the Babysitter". It became clear to me that whether she knew it or not, she was a submissive looking for someone to take charge of her. I decided to message her about some input she had given on the question of releasing stress. The question was, "How do you release stress?" She had responded, "All girls are different. And although I can comfortably advise on almost any academic topic, I have never been able to release my own stress."
I sent her an email that stated:
Hi, I beg your pardon for emailing you personally, behind the scenes as it were. But after reading your response about stress, I thought I could best respond to you in private. I have much experience in helping people to release/relieve their stress and perhaps I may be of service to you. I should advise you up front that my treatment methods are very unorthodox and you must be completely honest with me if you wish to obtain any lasting release. Love Megan.
15 minutes later, Jenny replied:
Thanks Megan, for the email, I really appreciate it. I am very curious to learn more about your methods. What do I do next? Love Jenny.
My next email tried to dig deeper and begin building her trust:
What kinds of things stress you out?
Her response didn't appear for almost an hour:
Lots of things. I guess the usual high school things: being popular, getting good grades, scholarship writing and relationships, I guess.
Trying to dig deeper, I asked a question while reassuring her she was not unlike most teenagers:
Those are very common teenage stresses. Does one of them cause you particular stress?
It was only seconds before she responded:
It is just hard to be yourself in high school, I guess.
Having begun an initial relationship with her, I tried to set her up for my plan:
"If you wish I can help you, but I need to know more about you. About what makes you tick."
Her response was immediate, and clearly she was waiting at her email:
"What do you need to know?"
I replied with a warning, setting up my web of seduction, hoping she would take the bait:
I will send you a questionnaire, but be warned that I ask some potentially uncomfortable questions. Only if you respond with complete honesty will I be able to assist you with more than superficial advice like you can find on that teen site.
As I expected, she replied almost immediately:
Please send me the survey and I promise to answer it honestly.
I told her I would send the questionnaire soon, and since I was winging it, I spent an hour composing the pertinent questions. A seduction is a temperamental thing, and I could either coax her in or scare her off. Finally happy with my questions, I wrote her:
"Dear sweet Jenny, if you are seriously interested, you must answer the following questions. You must be completely honest for my treatment to be effective. If I learn you have lied to me, I will halt your treatment instantly."
After double-checking my questions, I sent her the email. She responded in minutes.
Name: Jenny
Age: 18
Eye Color: Brown
Hair Color: Brown
Favorite Movie: A Walk to Remember
Favorite Band: Tegan & Sara
Three passions: Reading, writing, movies
Your biggest stress: Getting into Harvard.
How you deal with stress: Music, reading
How often you masturbate: At least once a day, it too releases stress
When you last masturbated: Last night.
What you masturbated about: This is embarrassing, but I was fantasizing about being told what to do by a cheerleader at my school. She doesn't even acknowledge I exist and she is a bitch to everyone beneath her, yet I can't help but fantasize about being dominated by her.
Your most constant fantasy: I also fantasize about being seduced by an older woman who teaches me how to please a woman completely.
Describe your sex life: My fingers, I am a virgin.
Describe your ideal boy and/or girl: A woman who is older, assertive, understanding.
What you are wearing right now: I am in a pair of pink pajamas.
Last item: One secret that no one knows about you: I like to masturbate while wearing pantyhose and no underwear as I love the silky feelings on my legs and vagina. I guess I have a nylon fetish.
Jenny's responses had answered all my questions and I knew she would be easy prey. My next email was as follows:
Dear Jenny:
Thank you for answering all my questions so frankly. Such honesty will lead to a complete cure to your stress problems. We will start the program immediately. My msn tag is DrMeg. Please message me as soon as you get this.
A few minutes later I got a beep.
Jen78ph: Hi. This is Jenny.
DrMeg: Hi Jenny. How are you?
Jenny78ph: Good.
DrMeg: What does 78ph mean?
Jenny78ph: 78 is a random number. Ph=pantyhose.
DrMeg: I see. Where do you live? I am an American living in Boston.
Jenny78ph: No way. I live in Boston too.
DrMeg: Very interesting. Maybe we will meet someday. Your answers to my questions make it clear you lack self-confidence. Would you agree that is true?
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I am average-looking and considered to be a nerd by most of my classmates. I'm also pretty much a loner.
DrMeg: I see. Confidence begins by loving yourself. Therefore I believe how you present yourself and what you wear (both of which greatly influence others' perception of your looks) can build your self-confidence.
Jeny78ph: Really???
DrMeg: Yes. For example, I am wearing a garter and stockings right now, under a skirt and a tight sweater. These build my confidence as I get many admiring looks from other men and women. What are you wearing?
Jenny78ph: Just jeans and a t-shirt.
DrMeg: Yet you like wearing nylons?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: Right now, I want you to change into nylons but not pantyhose. Do you have any stockings or thigh high nylons?
Jenny78ph: I only have pantyhose. What are thigh highs?
DrMeg: Stockings with an elastic top to hold them up by themselves around your thigh.
Jenny78ph: Oh, my mom has some.
DrMeg: Can you borrow a pair from her room?
Jenny78ph: Yes, she is not home and anyway she doesn't mind if I borrow her things.
DrMeg: Go put a pair on, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok. I will be back in a few.
About 4 minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I am back.
DrMeg: What are you wearing now?
Jenny78ph: Beige thigh highs, a long skirt and the same t-shirt.
DrMeg: Better. But now I want you to put on a skirt that is short enough for people to notice your nylons are thigh highs if you are sitting.
Jenny78ph: Now?
DrMeg: Yes, now, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Ok...BRB!
A couple minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I'm back and OMG you can indeed see the tops of these things with this skirt.
DrMeg: Good. This particular exercise is all about your own perceptions. You appear to others the way you see yourself.
Jenny78ph: I don't mean to be rude, but how will this help me relieve my stress?
DrMeg: All in good time, darling. Now I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. What do you see?
Jenny78ph: Um, still me, although I do look sexier.
DrMeg: Do you like the new look?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: If you like yourself, everything else follows.
Jenny78ph: Is it that simple?
DrMeg: Yes, confidence is built through loving yourself and being comfortable with who you are, both of which encourage you to understand that you deserve good things and are attractive.
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I have always been insecure about how others see me.
DrMeg: Let's test my theory.
Jenny78ph: How?
DrMeg: Do you trust me?
Jenny78ph: For some reason, yes.
DrMeg: Good. So dressed exactly as you are now, I want you to go to the mall and buy yourself your own collection of thigh highs. If possible, get the following colors: black, white, pink and mocha.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok, but everyone will see my entire stockings.
DrMeg: Yes, they will. They will see the new Jenny.
Jenny78ph: That they will! <giggles>
DrMeg: While you are out, pay attention to whether anyone notices the new you. Then message me when you get back.
Jenny78ph: Will you be online?
DrMeg: Maybe. But remain online while you are home and we are bound to hook up.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
I looked out the window and watched: a few minutes later she came out, dressed as instructed and hopped into her car. She was as obedient and submissive as I thought she'd be.
3 hours later.
Jenny78ph: Hi, I am back.
Jenny78ph: I got all the colors you requested and I also bought a red pair. They were on sale for buy six get one free. So I got an extra black pair and a beige pair too.
DrMeg: Great to hear you did so well. How did you feel going out dressed like that?
Jenny78ph: Great, actually. At first I was really self-conscious, but after getting over the original anxiety, I felt a rush. I felt sexy, something that usually doesn't correlate with my perception of myself. A few boys seemed to notice me, one even whistled, surprising me when I liked that, and the saleslady was super nice, complimenting me on my purchase.
DrMeg: I told you, how you dress is how you feel.
Jenny78ph: I did feel a little slutty though.
DrMeg: Dressing sexy does not make you slutty. Sleeping with a bunch of people makes you slutty. So I take it from your answers to the questionnaire you are a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: Um...I don't know...my fantasies are about girls, but I am not grossed out by boys.
DrMeg: Why older women?
Jenny78ph: I have no idea. I get more excited by them. They seem so sure of themselves. So powerful.
DrMeg: I see. Older women do have experience, unlike teenage boys.
Jenny78ph: I wouldn't know.
DrMeg: This cheerleader you fantasize about. Is she a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: No, she is dating a boy in college.
DrMeg: I see. I have a task for you tonight.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: Write a brief fantasy about yourself and the cheerleader and email it to me.
Jenny78ph: Um, I am not sure I can do that.
DrMeg: It doesn't have to be porn, just a detailed fantasy and go wherever your imagination takes you. It will help me to help you.
Jenny78ph: Ok, I will try.
DrMeg: I have to go meet another patient. I will talk to you tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok. : )
DrMeg: Goodnight, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Goodnight.
I logged out and watched what she did online. She went immediately to Literotica and browsed through some stories, all about girls submitting to dominant women and getting off on the experience, before selecting one. After about 20 minutes she logged out. She had read a lengthy story called "The Complete Submission" which I read also, which was an amazing submission story.
Next morning I found an email from Jenny. She was WAY more creative than I'd thought:
Dear Dr. Meg,
You said I didn't have to write porn, but you also said I should go wherever my imagination went and it kinda came out like porn. I hope it won't shock you too badly, but I want to do what you say. If this is bad, please say and I'm sorry and I'll try to do better.
I was leaving school when I remembered I left a book I needed to finish reading in my gym locker. I walked into the gym and saw Karen naked just getting dressed. She smiled at me and said, "Hey Jenny, why don't you take a picture, it lasts longer?"
I was shocked she even knew my name. I apologized with a stammer, my cheeks instantly turning red, "S-s-sorry."
She asked, "Actually Jenny, you can do me a favor."
"Sure," I asked, just excited she was conversing with me.
"Come here," she said, waving me over with a smile that I couldn't read.
I walked over and was stunned when she said, "You have been checking my body out all semester, haven't you, Jenny?"
My face ruby red now, I again stammered, trying to hide my guilt, "N-n-no, I have not."
"Don't lie," she smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You have been literally drooling over me and had to wipe your chin."
Her touch had me rattled and I couldn't even complete a rational sentence. "Um, I, I mean, I...."
She gently but firmly pushed down on my shoulders and my legs gave away as I was lowered onto my knees. "It was really hot today Jenny, and cheerleading practice was exhausting. I feel so diiiiirty," she said, stressing the word dirty.
My face was directly in front of her vagina and I was staring at it, lost in thought.
"What're you staring at, Jenny?" she asked, her tone saying she knew exactly what I was staring at.
I forced myself away from her vagina and looked up past her large breasts and into her eyes.
Smiling knowingly, she invited in a way where 'no' wasn't an option, "My vagina needs to be cleaned, why don't you clean it for me?"
I feigned reluctance, "Um, I-I-I am not a lesbian."
"Neither am I. I love fucking boys. But girls are way better at licking pussy," she smiled, reaching for my head and pulling me into her sweet sex.
I gave no resistance as I was 'invited' into my first act of lesbian activity. I extended my tongue and made contact with her vagina. She moaned, "Does nerdy little Jenny like my pussy?"
I stammered, already addicted, "Y-y-yes."
I licked slowly up and down on her vagina pussy lips, trying to please her and savour her unique and addictive taste. After a couple of minutes, I concentrated on her clit which made her legs tremble as she let out a loud moan.
"That's it my pet, lick my cunt good," she ordered.
Being called a pet had my own vagina getting wet and I eagerly continued pleasing the most beautiful girl I knew in school. I swirled my tongue around her clit, I sucked it in my mouth. I was addicted to her unique taste and never wanted to have this moment end.
Suddenly her hand on my head, she demanded, "Fuck, you lezzie-slut, suck my cunt, make me orgasm." She roughly pulled my head deeper into her vagina and began moving her body on my face. Always being a people-pleaser, I became a pussy-pleaser too, eagerly licking and sucking as I penetrated her vagina with my tongue.
Her moans got louder and I was soon rewarded with the sweetest taste God had created as her juices flooded out of her onto my tongue, lips and face. I continued to quench my unquenchable thirst, wanting more and more as I drowned in my submission and in her perfection.
Once her orgasm had run its course, she looked down at me and ordered, "Get undressed."
I stood up and obeyed, hands trembling, and began to unbutton my blouse.
"Hurry up, slut," she snapped impatiently.
I again obeyed, a mixture of anticipation and trepidation colliding in my mind. Once naked, I never felt more vulnerable as she looked me over. She asked, "Why do you hide such a beautiful body with such unflattering clothes?"
My face flushed again at getting a compliment from the girl I had fantasized about forever, the girl that made me reconsider my sexuality. "I-I-I don't know."
"You don't know how sexy you are, do you?" she asked, moving towards me.
"Um, I," I babbled unable to complete a full thought, drowning in the compliments and in the desire to be touched.
Reaching for me, she asked, her finger slowly moving between my breasts, "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"
"Yes," I whispered, almost inaudible.
"Pardon?" she asked, her finger slowly gliding around my erect right nipple.
"Yes, please," I whimpered at her touch.
"Yes, please, what?" she kept asking, her fingers pinching my nipple.
"Aaaaah, please lick my vagina," I moaned, giving myself to her.
"Vagina!" she laughed softly, her fingers meandering to my other nipple. "What else can you call that sweet box of yours?"
I paused, I almost never swore, but her fingers pinching my nipple had me distracted and horny. "My pussy," I moaned again, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"What else?" she asked, her finger now travelling slowly south.
Wanting her to touch me down there, to lick me, I answered, "My cunt, please touch my cunt."
"Good girl," she moaned, leaning forward and taking my breast in her mouth as her finger traced my wet vagina lips.
I quivered and let out an uncontrolled moan.
She pushed me onto the bench and moved between my trembling legs. Looking up at me, she asked, "Tell me what you want, my pet."
"Eat my cunt," I demanded. "I need to come so baaaaaad."
"Tell me you are a lezzie-slut," she demanded back, flicking my clitoris with her tongue.
My whole body quaked with one touch and I declared my sexuality without hesitation. "I'm a lezzie-slut. I love licking your beautiful pussy and will be your lezzie-slave who drops to her knees anytime, anywhere, to get just a taste of your perfection."
"Fuck, that is hot," she purred, burying her face between my legs. As her tongue did slow paintbrush strokes all over my pussy, my breathing got heavy. Usually it takes a while to come, but in a couple of minutes I could feel the volcano eruption of lust bubbling inside.
"Oh god, fuck, my cunt is burning," I moaned, as she slid a finger inside me.
She hooked her finger inside my inferno and began tapping on my g-spot.
I had spasm after spasm like an epileptic person as the volcano, dormant since the beginning of time, bubbled over. I felt fireworks in my head, chills through my entire body and a euphoria I didn't know possible as my orgasm hit.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed, babbling incoherently as my brain went blank and sexual energy poured through me.
She pulled her fingers out of me as the never-ending orgasm continued through my body. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my own juices on her lips; it was so naughty, so sweet and so natural.
Sadly, all good things must come to an end and she broke the kiss. Looking into my eyes, she smiled and said, "You understand you are now my property. You will be our little cheerleader pussy pleaser. Do you agree and understand?"
I nodded yes, knowing I would do anything to taste her again, to feel that feeling of utopia I just experienced.
"Tomorrow you are going to become the cheerleading squad's personal pussy-pleaser," she promised.
"Yes, Mistress Karen," I replied.
I was impressed. She had written a fantasy that was Literotica-worthy and had given me a plethora of insight into her young, submissive mind.
That night we met on MSN, clearly stressed about what she had sent me.
Jenny78ph: Are you there?
Jenny78ph: That story was so embarrassing; I can't believe I sent it. I have been stressed about it all day thinking about what you must think of me. It was bad, wasn't it, and you were shocked?
I waited a few minutes before responding, not wanting to look too eager. I was portraying the voice of knowledgeable reason, dontcha know!
DrMeg: Hi, my dear. There is no reason to be ashamed and it certainly wasn't shocking or bad. Fantasy is natural and a great way to relieve stress.
Jenny78ph: Really? You're not mad?
DrMeg: Of course not. I fantasize too.
Jenny78ph: About?
DrMeg: Many things. Your fantasy turned me on a lot and told me so much about you. I enjoyed how real the fantasy was, you could probably write for Literotica with that nasty mind of yours.
Jenny78ph: Really? OMG, I am SO embarrassed. You think I have a nasty mind?
DrMeg: Yes, you really do. But do not be embarrassed, be proud. By writing down your fantasy and then sending it to someone who understands you, you have allowed your pent-up frustrations to be released and your true sexual desire to come alive. I assume you got off last night after writing it?
Jenny78ph: Yes...twice.
DrMeg: So I learned a lot from your fantasy, by the way.
Jenny78ph: Like what???
DrMeg: You are very smart, yet insecure.
Jenny78ph: True and true.
DrMeg: You stress easily and have no real outlet to release your stress, so I assume you either read or watch a lot of porn online.
Jenny78ph: OMG! <blushing>
DrMeg: Am I wrong?
Jenny78ph: No, I read a lot online.
DrMeg: A lot of what?
Jenny78ph: Porn, mostly lesbian porn.
DrMeg: And I am guessing it is lesbian porn where one experienced person seduces an inexperienced one.
Jenny78ph: Yes <blushing>
DrMeg: And I am also guessing it is one where one woman dominates and controls another.
Jenny78ph: Am I that transparent?
DrMeg: Not to everyone, but I can also tell you are the submissive one, because after being high-strung and stressed at school or work, you want to just let go and be told what to do.
Jenny78ph: OMG, yes! <mortified blushing>
DrMeg: I want you to finger yourself for me, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Good girl. It's now time for the next step in your treatment. Do you want an online Mistress to guide you as you learn your true sexuality?
Jenny78ph: Yes!!!!!!!!!
DrMeg: And you will obey my instructions without hesitation?
Jenny78ph: yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Didn't you call that cheerleader Mistress? You may address me in that fashion if you wish.
Jenny78ph: Sorry, yes Mistress, I will obey ALL your instructions.
DrMeg: Now slide two fingers in that sweet cunt of yours and come for your Mistress Megan.
DrMeg: Come now, my pet.
DrMeg: Now!!!
Jenny78ph: Kkkkkkk, Comiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
Choosing that exact moment, I picked up the phone and called her cell number. Surprisingly, she picked it up on the fourth ring. Her breathing was stilted and it was obvious she had obeyed my instruction.
"Hi, Ms. Cameron," she said, her voice raspy.
"You ok?" I asked, although I knew exactly why she was breathing like she was.
"Sorry, just finished working out," she covered impressively.
"I hate to ask last minute, but I desperately need a babysitter tonight," I said, adding, "any chance you can be a dear and come over?" I shook my head when I realized I had used the word 'dear'. Luckily she didn't make the correlation that her next door neighbor Megan and her online Mistress Megan were one and the same.
From her hesitation, I could tell she didn't want to come over, she wanted to keep chatting with the cyber me. So I sent her a quick message.
DrMeg: Sorry, but I have to get going. We will continue our conversation tomorrow, is that clear, my dear?
On the phone I pleaded, "Sorry Jenny, but I am so desperate, please, I'll pay you double."
"Sure, sure I'll do it," Jenny said, her usual can't-say-no, people-pleaser self, always sacrificing her own time to help others.
"You're a life-saver," I gushed thankfully. "Can you be here in an hour?"
"Sure, Ms. Cameron," she agreed.
"You can call me Megan," I said, dropping another hint of my double identity.
Jenny said, "OK, thanks, Megan, I'll be there at eight."
"Eight is great," I quipped, before adding, "See you then."
I hung up and saw Jenny had continued our cyber conversation.
Jenny78ph: That is ok, I have to go babysit for my neighbor in an hour.
DrMeg: Fun. I am going out right away. I have a date with my girlfriend.
Jenny78ph: Like a friend who is a girl or a 'girlfriend'?
DrMeg: Truthfully, she is a slave of mine. I have a few women who service me sexually.
Jenny78ph: ???
DrMeg: Just kidding.
Jenny78ph: Oh.
DrMeg: Actually, do you want to know a secret?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: I wasn't kidding. I have a woman coming over tonight I am going to use to release my stress. When you are more confident you will be able to release your stress through sex too.
Jenny78ph: Not sure I will ever be that confident.
DrMeg: I promise we will find your happy place. You have already begun the transition.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: I want you to do something for me.
Jenny78ph: Of course.
DrMeg: When you go to babysit, I want you to wear the shortest skirt you have, and thigh highs that match.
Jenny78ph: To babysit?
DrMeg: Yes. Are you going to do as I say?
Jenny78ph: Yes, sorry for questioning you.
DrMeg: It's ok. I have to go and shave for tonight. Do you shave your special place?
Jenny78ph: I trim it.
DrMeg: Be sure it is nice and trimmed before you go out tonight. You always want to look attractive down there, even if you're the only one who knows.
Jenny78ph: OK.
DrMeg: I must get going. I will talk to you later tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok, thank you...Bye.
I got ready for my fake date. I would go out for an hour or so, giving Jenny enough time for my plan to kick into action. I was dressed in a black leather skirt, beige stockings and a red blouse. Jenny arrived dressed in one of her plaid school skirts that she must have first worn back when her legs were shorter, mocha thigh highs, and her white school blouse. You could clearly see her nylons were thigh highs.
"Wow, you look adorable, Jenny," I complimented her. "Do you have a late-night date?"
"Thanks Ms. Cameron. You look pretty too and no, I was just trying something new and didn't have time to change."
"Well it really works for you," I said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "I've got a hot date. Max is already asleep, so you can watch a DVD if you want. I think you'll like the one in the machine, it's a fun movie."
"Ok, have fun," she said, her usual bubbly self.
"Oh, I will," I said ever-so-coyly.
After I left, I drove to a nearby adult store and picked up a new smaller strap-on I hoped to use on my cute babysitter later tonight. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, I drove home and snuck in the back door, quiet as a mouse.
From the dark kitchen, I checked in on my babysitter.
She was on the couch, her legs open and her hand assumedly pleasuring herself as she watched a scene of me fucking the pussy of a pretty 21-year-old coed I had seduced a while ago. The girl, a sweet submissive volleyball player named Allison, was screaming "Yes Mistress, fuck me, bang my tight pussy!" I allowed the scene to go on for a couple of minutes, long enough to savour Jenny's soft moans, before I decided it was time for me to 'return home.' I snuck back out the back door and came in the front door. I closed it silently to avoid startling my in-the-throes-of- self-pleasure babysitter. The sounds of the DVD echoed through the house, "Yes Mistress, pound me, I'm coming!" When I entered, Jenny scrambled to cover herself, but couldn't do so in time.
I looked at the TV, a sly smile on my face and gasped, faking surprise, "Oops, that wasn't the movie you were supposed to see!"
She stammered, apologized and begged me "I-I-I am s-s-so sorry, Ms. Cameron. P-p-p-please don't tell my mother!"
Her red cheeks expressed both guilt from what she was doing and also the shame that came from being caught in such a compromising position. "It's ok, my dear, masturbation is natural."
"I-I-I am so, so, so sorry," Jenny continued; I found her embarrassment so cute!
"Actually, the fact that you were masturbating to a video of me and my submissive Allison is quite flattering," I mused. "What turned you on the most?"
"I-I-I don't know," she replied, clearly overwhelmed just that we were talking about such things.
"Did you find seeing me with a strap-on exciting?" I asked, moving closer. "Or was it Allison being fucked?" swearing in front of her for the first time. As I reached her, my hand grasped hers and I pulled her up and asked, "Or did you wish that you were the one on all fours getting fucked by my big strap-on cock?"
Her mouth dropped open and she froze in place, speechless. Her mouth opened and closed several times and faint sounds emerged, but no words came out. Adding to her confusion, I then leaned in and kissed her. At first it was gentle and sweet, but once she responded, tentatively at first, I used my tongue to part her lips. She responded more actively and our tongues danced inside each other's mouths. The urgency of the kiss increased as my hands slid down past her waist and beneath her skirt. The background noise of Allison coming on my strap-on enhanced the intensity of our kiss.
I finally broke away and asked, "What does my Jenny78ph want?"
"Pardon?" she asked, the significance of the words not immediately registering.
My hand traced her pussy lips through her wet panties. "Hmmmm, you are very wet, Jenny78 pantyhose."
She let out a soft moan from my touch. "H-h-how do you know my MSN name?"
"Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Have you not figured it out?" I smiled, my finger tapping her protruding clit.
Her breathing increased, and my finger was causing her so much distraction she couldn't make the obvious correlation.
I asked, "What is my first name, Jenny?"
"M-M-Megan," she moaned. I watched her face and her lips as she moaned with desire. It was so adorably cute as the light bulb came on and her face brightened to astonishment. She asked, her words coming out stunted as my finger continued putting pressure on her clit, "Oh, um, wait, oh my God, are you Dr. Meg?"
"The one and only," I purred, as my finger slipped past her soiled panties.
"I-I can't believe it," she gasped, astonished by my revelation.
"Yes, my dear, and I am now about to relieve all your stress and satisfy all your curiosity," I promised, my finger now between but not inside her wet pussy lips.
"But how?" she asked, overwhelmed as she began seeing further implications that could stem from this sudden new level of our friendship. I had baked cookies for her when she was fifteen, and now I was touching her twat!
"I've always thought you were sexy... shy but sexy. When I overhauled your computer I searched for clues and found which sites you usually frequent," I explained, before adding with a playful smile, "By the way, for future reference you need to erase your daily history if you don't wish people like your Mom, or conniving neighbors like me, to learn all your secrets."
"Aaaaaaah," she gasped as my finger took the plunge and slowly penetrated her fevered pussy.
"Jenny, it's all right. You're a lesbian and submissive; I am a lesbian and dominant," I explained.
Jenny, still trying to get the whole picture straight in her mind with one less player now on the field, stood there in a sexual trance. Her mind was trying to process the bizarre reality currently happening around her while within, her body was begging for the attention it had long craved.
"Jenny, I know exactly what you need," I told her gently, "even if you don't. You are submissive and a people pleaser, as your naughty story clearly demonstrates. You want to explore your sexuality but don't even know where to start. I'm here to help and guide you, honey."
Jenny looked directly into my eyes. I smiled. She looked tentative, yet I knew she had already made up her mind.
"If you wish me to Jenny, I will teach you how to be a good submissive pet and thus how to pleasure a woman properly and in return be pleasured thoroughly yourself," I continued, my finger now deep inside her, just lingering in her warmth.
"Please," she whispered.
"Please what?" I asked, my mouth close to her ear.
"Please, don't stop," she again whispered, such words difficult for her to say.
"Please don't stop what?" I pressured, pushing her deeper into admitting her desires and needs. I encouraged further responses by moving my finger ever so slowly inside her.
"P-p-please, don't stop fingering me," she elaborated, her breathing getting heavier.
"Do you want to come?" I asked, nibbling on her earlobe.
"God, yes," she moaned.
"Then I need to make something very clear, my dear," I whispered, my tongue darting in and out of her ear.
"Whaaaat?" she asked, distracted by my finger in her pussy and my tongue in her ear.
"If you wish, we will make love today. I will take you to levels of euphoria you have so far only imagined. You will taste your first pussy and I will fuck you," I explained. Suddenly I wondered if she was a virgin. I asked her, "Jenny, are you a virgin?"
"Yes," she admitted, as if such a declaration was admitting something shameful.
"It's ok, Jenny," I soothed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of. You're uncertain about your sexuality, and tonight I will help you discover and confirm your true sexuality."
"Kkkkkk," she whimpered, my finger causing her great pleasure but also great need, a constant teasing distraction, but also a goad.
"But I need to warn you: if you submit to me tonight, I will expect you to become my permanent submissive. If you surrender to me, you must henceforward obey every order I give without hesitation, and I do not tolerate disobedience. I know what you need and how to provide what you crave, but in return I expect unconditional loyalty," I explained, my finger touching, ever so briefly, her g-spot. Her legs trembled and I added, knowing her true submissive nature was taking over, "If you do not wish to submit to me, if you are not ready to agree to my terms, you may leave. We will pretend this never happened, I will still pay you double for tonight as promised and you will be free to continue to babysit Max if you're comfortable doing so knowing what you now know."
Her mind was clearly processing all my terms and all the things I was doing to her body. If there was an internal struggle between good girl Jenny and sexually curious Jenny, it was a brief one.
Going for broke, confident I was reading her correctly, I released her and backed up a few feet to say, "My dear sweet Jenny, it is time for you to decide. If you wish for me to become your Mistress, you simply need to undress for me."
Jenny's eyes never left mine as she began to obey my order instantly by reaching for a button and slowly beginning to unbutton her blouse. Her hands were trembling slightly as she tossed the blouse on the floor. Her small, perky breasts peeked out from her white lace bra.
"You are very beautiful, Jenny," I encouraged. "Please remove the skirt."
Jenny obeyed, sliding the skirt down her stocking-clad legs. She was then standing in front of me in her bra, white panties and mocha thigh highs. I looked down and saw her toenails were painted purple while her lipstick was light pink... but never mind fashion nuances for now. Overall, she looked so adorable, and good enough to eat!
I stepped back to her and as my hands grasped her shoulders, she was shivering. She looked pleadingly into my eyes, silently begging for me to pleasure her. I moved in for a soft kiss, just brushing her tender lips. I then moved to an ear. I nibbled on her earlobe, my hot breath flowing into her ear. She quivered and let out a soft moan. I then whispered, "Jenny..."
She whispered back, almost inaudibly, "Yes?"
"...are you ready?"
"Yes."
I moved down her neck, trailing gentle soft kisses. When my kisses reached her breasts, I unhooked her bra, allowing it to fall to the carpet. I licked, nibbled and sucked on her perky, firm breasts. I teased her nipples; I splattered her with butterfly kisses. Her breathing again increased from her desire. My tongue slid down her belly. I reached her panties and slowly, seductively, drew them down until they fell around her ankles. Requiring no urging, she stepped out of them. The ripe young lesbian-to-be now stood before me naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings. Kneeling, I gave her one gentle lick across her freshly trimmed pussy and allowed my tongue to roam down her left leg. I lifted her foot to my mouth and through the transparent silky fabric of her stocking, took each delicate toe into my mouth. Her breathing became heavier, more laboured. I moved back up to her delicious pussy and gave her one more long, wide lick, before gliding down her right leg and replicating my toe-sucking on that foot. I moved up, kissing behind her knee, her mid-thigh, around to her clit, up her belly and then to her lips. She eagerly kissed me back, moaning into my mouth with a new, determined hunger.
I broke the kiss, took her hand and without a word from either of us, led her to my bedroom as she followed pliantly. I lay her on my bed and kissed her again. Our tongues twisted and turned, danced and twirled. I moved back down to her special place and asked, "Does my dear pet want her pussy licked?"
"Yes please," she moaned.
"Tell me what you want, my pet," I purred, my breath hot on her pussy.
"I want you to lick me," she moaned.
"Where?" I asked, again pushing her to say the words.
"My pussy, please lick my pussy, Megan," she pleaded, an intense desperation in her voice, which was adorably sexy.
"Good girl," I purred and leaned forward to lick her virgin pussy. Her nectar was so sweet and she was already dripping wet. I knew her first orgasm would come quickly as her moans told me she was already close to a major stress release. I licked her with long, wide strokes and her moaning increased. I could tell her orgasm was imminent so I grasped her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it in.
She screamed, "Oooooooo myyyyyyyyyy gaawwd!"
Her orgasm quaked through her and the shy, reserved babysitter came sexually alive. As she writhed and screamed from her first intense orgasm, I continued pleasing her, already attempting to build a second orgasm in my new pet even as the first hadn't yet subsided. I continued licking, sucking and nibbling her clit, while I slid a finger inside her warm hole and pumped it in and out. Jenny was screaming, "Oh my god, don't stop, yes, yes, it feels so good!"
I continued to heat her up, getting her revved for more, stoking her need for another climax, but after a few more minutes of licking and fingering, I suddenly stood up, abandoning her to her unreleased urges.
She whimpered, "Noooooo!"
"Get on all fours," I ordered, adding, "and don't you dare touch your cunt, is that understood?"
"Kkkk," she moaned, obeying the order even though she was desperate to come again.
I went downstairs and pulled out the new strap-on I'd bought for this very occasion and returned to my hungry, newly insatiable teenager.
Once back in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothing while my babysitter looked on impatiently, but without complaint. I was soon as naked as she was except for our stockings. I asked, "Does my pet babysitter want to get fucked?"
"So bad," she finally felt at liberty to say, staring at the cock in my hand.
I fastened the harness in place and sauntered up to her. "Has Pet Jenny ever sucked a cock?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.
"Does she want to suck mine?" I asked, my anatomically correct cock now directly in front of her.
"Yes, ma'am," she answered.
"When we are alone I am your Mistress, Jenny. Is that understood? You do want a Mistress, don't you?" I asked.
The hesitation was brief before she responded as expected, "Yes, I truly do, Mistress Megan."
"Good girl," I purred, knowing that a true submissive lives and breathes for approval. "Now suck my cock, my pet."
She leaned forward and took my plastic cock in her mouth. Watching my cute, shy, sweet teenaged babysitter slowly bobbing up and down on my cock was one of the hottest moments of my life. Anytime I turn a straight girl or pull a bi-curious girl into the world of lesbian submission, I experience a joy and a sense of accomplishment I cannot explain. I don't do it just for the personal pleasure (although that is certainly one reward), I do it primarily to liberate young women from the sexual stereotypes that hold them back. Jenny wanted to be a lesbian, Jenny was submissive, and I had just pushed her over the edge to discovering her true nature, to accepting her true sexuality. Jenny had begun slowly, but soon began moving faster and I briefly imagined she could become a great cock sucker if she were ever to try playing the straight card.
Finally I pulled my cock out of her perfect mouth and asked, "Jenny my pet, are you ready for your Mistress to fuck you?"
She looked me straight in the eye and surprised me for the first time. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need your cock in me so fucking badly," she begged, the combination of her unexpected foul language coupled with her customary proper grammar absolutely delicious!
I moved her to all fours and joined her on the bed, placing myself behind her. I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips and was again surprised when she leaned back abruptly and forecefully, taking my cock inside her.
"You naughty little slut," I quipped playfully.
"Oh God, yes I am," she moaned, "Please fuck me, Mistress."
Never one to deny such a request, I put my hands on her hips and slowly began to slide my cock in and out of her sweet pussy.
She was so drenched my cock easily filled her completely, and as I started pumping in and out she began to get animated. The shy, reserved nerd begged, "Fuck me, harder, even harder! Fill my pussy completely! Make me your whore!"
Watching her complete transformation was so hot and I again obliged, my body thrusting into her. Her body also got involved and she began meeting my thrusts, attempting to get my cock deeper inside her.
As her moans increased I demanded, "Your pussy is called a cunt, my slut. Beg for me to fuck your tight cunt."
"Oh God, Mistress, please pound my dirty cunt with your cock, it feels sooooo good," she moaned.
We continued fucking for a few more minutes, sweat pouring off both of us as over and over our bodies crashed together and became one.
Finally, her breathing had become urgent panting and she screamed, "I'm coming again, Mistress, oh my God, oh my God, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck!"
She collapsed forward and I continued pumping her pussy from a new, deeper angle. Her orgasm was continuing through quiver after quiver of pleasure as I slowed my fucking and watched her, my cock still buried deep inside my no-longer-virgin babysitter.
Finally I pulled out of her beautiful cunt, removed my shiny-with-her-juices cock and went for a couple of glasses of water. I returned and she hadn't moved an inch. I handed my exhausted pet a glass of water and after sitting down on the edge of my bed, she downed the whole glass. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Allow me to please you, Mistress; I want to pleasure your cunt."
Joining her on the bed and lying back, I smiled up at her and promised, "Jenny, you will be pleasuring my cunt many, many times. Now crawl between my legs and begin to please your Mistress."
Eagerly, Jenny crawled between my stocking-clad legs. She looked at my completely shaved pussy, my slightly wet pussy lips, and my swollen clit with the awe of an innocent virgin.
"Go ahead, my pet," I purred, "Lick your Mistress's cunt."
She smiled and again surprised me. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."
"Do what, lick someone's pussy?" I asked.
"No, lick your pussy, Mistress," she answered, admitting, "I've fantasized about you for like, forever."
It was my turn to be surprised. "Really?" I asked, suddenly not completely in control.
"Really, really," she smiled, leaning forward and extending her tongue. I moaned on contact, my pretty babysitter between my legs licking me so sexily. For a pussy-licking rookie, she was very good. She licked, she sucked, she probed me with her fingers. She was like an explorer breaking into new territory, wishing to taste, search and learn about every aspect of my special place.
After a few minutes of her eager tongue, I was close and moaned, "I'm close, my pet slut, sooooo close!"
She took my clit into her mouth and put intense pressure on it and began shaking her head from left to right. This was a technique I had never experienced and I began breathing heavily, my own orgasm now imminent. "Oh, yes, Jenny, fuck, that is so good, more, more!"
Out of the blue she surprised me yet again by sliding a finger in my ass! It triggered the explosion of my orgasm and I flooded my juices all over my adorably cute babysitter's face. "Oh fuck, you nasty sluuuuuuut, I'm comiiiiiing!"
She continued teasing my ass, sucking on my clit and fingering my pussy while my orgasm surged through me. The intensity of the orgasm was so much more powerful than usual that I finally had to push her away. "Fuck, that was amazing, my pet," I whimpered, as I drew my legs together and allowed the last of the orgasm to subside.
She moved up and lay beside me, smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. "I read about that last move in a story online."
I laughed. "Well, keep reading, that was amazing."
She asked, her smile fading to serious, "Does it always feel this amazing?"
"It can. Although you should understand that I was very gentle with you tonight. I won't always be," I warned.
"I understand. But please don't hold back from doing whatever you wish with me: I want you to dominate me. I need you to treat me like a filthy slut, I know that now," she answered, the unhesitant words flowing past her sweet lips sounding so sinfully delicious. "All my fantasies have always been of being treated like a slut, being forced to do kinky things I would never dare to do on my own."
"You're going to make a great slave," I promised her, kissing her again. But once the tender kiss was broken, I looked at the clock and realized it had been almost two hours. I kissed her again and told her, "You must also understand that I will share you with my friends. I will take you to places you have never even imagined, and this time I mean physical places and sometimes people you've never met."
Her eyes went big, but she pledged me like a good submissive. "I understand Mistress, and eagerly await whatever you have in store for me."
I faced away from her, got on all fours and suddenly ordered, deciding to test her utter obedience, "Then lick my asshole, my pet."
"Yes Mistress," she replied without hesitation, crawling up to my ass. She pulled my ass-cheeks apart, and after a brief pause to admire the view, she leaned forward and began licking my dark dime. Such an eager submissive, she worked hard to poke her rigid tongue deep inside. Her eagerness to please was so fucking adorable and sexy!
Her submission keeping me horny, I ordered, "On your back, my pussy pleaser."
She again obeyed and I straddled her face. Without requiring any instruction, she again licked my pussy and time stood still as my new pet pleasured me. Finally my second orgasm was building and I began rubbing my pussy all over her sweet face until I came, flooding her face once again with my cum.
Climbing off her, I smiled and said, "Your sweet face looks absolutely adorable, all shiny with my cunt cum."
"Thanks, Mistress," she chirped companionably, like a good girl. She was being appropriately deferential insofar as she was abiding by all the submissive forms, and she was eagerly obedient to whatever I might demand of her, but she wasn't remotely intimidated or fearful. It was as if I had just introduced her to a whole new world, but one where she felt immediately at home. Interesting!
"Wait here," I ordered and returned a minute later with my camera. "Let's take a picture to remember this special day."
I thought she might balk at this potentially risky suggestion, that she might still have an unrevealed trust issue, but instead, she sat up and happily posed for me. I snapped a few pictures of her cunt-cum-covered face, her make-up totally ruined.
Setting the camera down, I came over to the bed and mentioned, "It's getting late."
She looked at the clock and sighed. "I suppose it is."
"Are you free tomorrow?" I asked.
Excited, like a girl being asked out by a boy she was crushing on, she answered, "Yes, yes I am!"
"Then tomorrow I am taking you out for a makeover," I smiled.
"Where?" she asked.
I just shrugged and said, "You'll see, but wear the same outfit you wore today when you went shopping."
"Yes Mistress, "she said, standing up.
She got dressed, we kissed one last time and she went home.
My head spinning with naughty possibilities, I smiled to myself. Tomorrow was going to be fun...
THE END... of Chapter 1.... Jenny's journey to lesbian submission continues in Bedding the Babysitter Chapter 2.
Summary: A lesbian neighbor uses the internet to seduce her innocent babysitter.
Note 1: Although originally released in September of 2010, this story was completely re-written in October of 2012, and re-polished yet again in April 2018.
Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 (2010), LaRacasse (2012) and Tex Beethoven (2018) for editing.
BEDDING THE BABYSITTER
My name is Megan. I am a 35-year-old single woman with a two-year-old son.
My neighbor Jenny had always been my perfect sitter. She attended a private school and almost always could be found wearing its uniform plaid skirt, crisp white blouse and knee-high nylons. (I found it interesting that she wore knee-high nylons and not white socks like most girls.) She always wore her dark brown hair in pigtails or a single braid, and her glasses made her look like a nerd or a geek, whichever term you prefer. Jenny was a senior in high school and had turned 18 a couple months ago, which is when I first began noticing she was frequently checking out my long legs and large breasts. Her constant glances had me wondering if she could be a lesbian, or at least curious, and I decided to find out.
Now I should note I am a computer technician by trade, so a seduction plan practically fell into my lap. Jenny had mentioned after babysitting one evening that her computer was running slow and asked if I could look at it for her; I told her I would, but she would need to do without it for a few days.
A couple days later after doing some routine computer maintenance, I had her computer zipping along as fast as when it was new. Curious about what she did online, I checked her search history and learned she loved a site called Literotica, an erotica story site. Drilling down into her history, I could tell that she read mostly lesbian porn, and her selections mostly followed the format of young being seduced by older, with young being submissive. My suspicions were right: she was at the very least curious about being with a woman but was probably way too shy ever to do anything about it. Since I am a dominant personality, dozens of naughty ideas began bouncing around my head. I installed a tracking app (which I fondly called my 'Snoop') that would send me reports on all her internet browsing to help me plan her seduction before returning the computer to her.
I called Jenny to tell her I had fixed her computer. Atypically she came over dressed in a cute flower sundress. I asked her a couple of questions, but first I complimented her.
"Jenny, you look absolutely adorable," I complimented, placing a hand on her bare shoulder.
"Thanks," she whispered timidly, not used to being admired. Although she was very pretty, she didn't seem to know it. Her fashion sense, or lack thereof, plus her self-confidence, or lack thereof, were hiding her true natural beauty.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, moving my hand away. A successful seduction requires reading the prey and deciding whether to go fast or slow, and I decided hers would definitely not be a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am seduction.
"No," she said, unable to look me in the eye.
"Really!" I said, acting surprised. "You're such a beautiful young woman, Jenny. I can't believe the boys aren't lining up to date you."
"I've never even had a date," she admitted.
I can't believe that," I objected, "you're way too pretty not to have had three or four boyfriends already."
"Well, I'm not sure I even want to date."
"Well, they can be exhausting," I joked.
She giggled, "That's what I hear."
"So even though you're gorgeous, you've never had a boyfriend. How about a girlfriend?" I asked, opening the door for the plan already formulating in my head.
Jenny's face went flaming red: she was either not used to receiving such compliments or, as I was hoping, was embarrassed because of her secret attraction to women. She stammered, "W-w-what? N-n-no, I...."
"I was just kidding, Jenny," I reassured her, my hand again going to her arm fleetingly. "Although there's nothing wrong with liking girls." After a long pause I added, again building on the complex web of seduction I was creating, "I certainly do."
"You do what?" Jenny asked, her eyes suddenly big.
"I only date women now," I admitted, then adding, "after that asshole of an ex-husband left Max and me I decided to swing the other way, and it's been a very satisfying decision."
"Y-y-you are a lesbian?" Jenny stammered, clearly flummoxed by this startling piece of information.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"N-n-no," she said, her face the darkest red possible.
"I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable," I said.
"No, no, it's fine," she replied, "I just found it surprising, is all."
"I find," I said, hoping to enhance her curiosity, "that only women can understand what women need." After another pause I joked, as I handed her computer to her, "Well, that's probably in the way-too-much-information-for-you category. Here's your computer; it's now working as well as the day you bought it."
"Thank you," she said, her mind clearly elsewhere. "What do I owe you?"
"How about free babysitting one day soon?" I asked.
"Sure, any time, Ms. Cameron," she said.
Once she was gone, I smiled at our conversation and at the potential.
*****
During the next three days my snoop app taught me a lot about her. She always went first to a music website and loaded some tunes to play in the background as she surfed. Next, she frequently checked her email and switched on her MSN chat program. She then would frequently go to a teen advice site, read all the new questions and often offer pertinent advice or just make sympathetic comments. After that it varied: looking up author sites, doing research for school, etc. But she always ended her evening by going to www.literotica.com and reading lesbian sex stories. She would begin with the newest stories and then search through the overall collection of lesbian stories. Sometimes she just clicked on titles that caught her eye, other times she would use the search engine, filtering by tags such as: submission, submissive, obey, schoolgirl, etc. Some of the titles she had read included: "Suburban Submission", "Cynthia's Submission", "The Professor's New Toy", "Bashful Betty" and most interesting, "Seducing the Babysitter". It became clear to me that whether she knew it or not, she was a submissive looking for someone to take charge of her. I decided to message her about some input she had given on the question of releasing stress. The question was, "How do you release stress?" She had responded, "All girls are different. And although I can comfortably advise on almost any academic topic, I have never been able to release my own stress."
I sent her an email that stated:
Hi, I beg your pardon for emailing you personally, behind the scenes as it were. But after reading your response about stress, I thought I could best respond to you in private. I have much experience in helping people to release/relieve their stress and perhaps I may be of service to you. I should advise you up front that my treatment methods are very unorthodox and you must be completely honest with me if you wish to obtain any lasting release. Love Megan.
15 minutes later, Jenny replied:
Thanks Megan, for the email, I really appreciate it. I am very curious to learn more about your methods. What do I do next? Love Jenny.
My next email tried to dig deeper and begin building her trust:
What kinds of things stress you out?
Her response didn't appear for almost an hour:
Lots of things. I guess the usual high school things: being popular, getting good grades, scholarship writing and relationships, I guess.
Trying to dig deeper, I asked a question while reassuring her she was not unlike most teenagers:
Those are very common teenage stresses. Does one of them cause you particular stress?
It was only seconds before she responded:
It is just hard to be yourself in high school, I guess.
Having begun an initial relationship with her, I tried to set her up for my plan:
"If you wish I can help you, but I need to know more about you. About what makes you tick."
Her response was immediate, and clearly she was waiting at her email:
"What do you need to know?"
I replied with a warning, setting up my web of seduction, hoping she would take the bait:
I will send you a questionnaire, but be warned that I ask some potentially uncomfortable questions. Only if you respond with complete honesty will I be able to assist you with more than superficial advice like you can find on that teen site.
As I expected, she replied almost immediately:
Please send me the survey and I promise to answer it honestly.
I told her I would send the questionnaire soon, and since I was winging it, I spent an hour composing the pertinent questions. A seduction is a temperamental thing, and I could either coax her in or scare her off. Finally happy with my questions, I wrote her:
"Dear sweet Jenny, if you are seriously interested, you must answer the following questions. You must be completely honest for my treatment to be effective. If I learn you have lied to me, I will halt your treatment instantly."
After double-checking my questions, I sent her the email. She responded in minutes.
Name: Jenny
Age: 18
Eye Color: Brown
Hair Color: Brown
Favorite Movie: A Walk to Remember
Favorite Band: Tegan & Sara
Three passions: Reading, writing, movies
Your biggest stress: Getting into Harvard.
How you deal with stress: Music, reading
How often you masturbate: At least once a day, it too releases stress
When you last masturbated: Last night.
What you masturbated about: This is embarrassing, but I was fantasizing about being told what to do by a cheerleader at my school. She doesn't even acknowledge I exist and she is a bitch to everyone beneath her, yet I can't help but fantasize about being dominated by her.
Your most constant fantasy: I also fantasize about being seduced by an older woman who teaches me how to please a woman completely.
Describe your sex life: My fingers, I am a virgin.
Describe your ideal boy and/or girl: A woman who is older, assertive, understanding.
What you are wearing right now: I am in a pair of pink pajamas.
Last item: One secret that no one knows about you: I like to masturbate while wearing pantyhose and no underwear as I love the silky feelings on my legs and vagina. I guess I have a nylon fetish.
Jenny's responses had answered all my questions and I knew she would be easy prey. My next email was as follows:
Dear Jenny:
Thank you for answering all my questions so frankly. Such honesty will lead to a complete cure to your stress problems. We will start the program immediately. My msn tag is DrMeg. Please message me as soon as you get this.
A few minutes later I got a beep.
Jen78ph: Hi. This is Jenny.
DrMeg: Hi Jenny. How are you?
Jenny78ph: Good.
DrMeg: What does 78ph mean?
Jenny78ph: 78 is a random number. Ph=pantyhose.
DrMeg: I see. Where do you live? I am an American living in Boston.
Jenny78ph: No way. I live in Boston too.
DrMeg: Very interesting. Maybe we will meet someday. Your answers to my questions make it clear you lack self-confidence. Would you agree that is true?
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I am average-looking and considered to be a nerd by most of my classmates. I'm also pretty much a loner.
DrMeg: I see. Confidence begins by loving yourself. Therefore I believe how you present yourself and what you wear (both of which greatly influence others' perception of your looks) can build your self-confidence.
Jeny78ph: Really???
DrMeg: Yes. For example, I am wearing a garter and stockings right now, under a skirt and a tight sweater. These build my confidence as I get many admiring looks from other men and women. What are you wearing?
Jenny78ph: Just jeans and a t-shirt.
DrMeg: Yet you like wearing nylons?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: Right now, I want you to change into nylons but not pantyhose. Do you have any stockings or thigh high nylons?
Jenny78ph: I only have pantyhose. What are thigh highs?
DrMeg: Stockings with an elastic top to hold them up by themselves around your thigh.
Jenny78ph: Oh, my mom has some.
DrMeg: Can you borrow a pair from her room?
Jenny78ph: Yes, she is not home and anyway she doesn't mind if I borrow her things.
DrMeg: Go put a pair on, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok. I will be back in a few.
About 4 minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I am back.
DrMeg: What are you wearing now?
Jenny78ph: Beige thigh highs, a long skirt and the same t-shirt.
DrMeg: Better. But now I want you to put on a skirt that is short enough for people to notice your nylons are thigh highs if you are sitting.
Jenny78ph: Now?
DrMeg: Yes, now, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Ok...BRB!
A couple minutes later:
Jenny78ph: I'm back and OMG you can indeed see the tops of these things with this skirt.
DrMeg: Good. This particular exercise is all about your own perceptions. You appear to others the way you see yourself.
Jenny78ph: I don't mean to be rude, but how will this help me relieve my stress?
DrMeg: All in good time, darling. Now I want you to look at yourself in the mirror. What do you see?
Jenny78ph: Um, still me, although I do look sexier.
DrMeg: Do you like the new look?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: If you like yourself, everything else follows.
Jenny78ph: Is it that simple?
DrMeg: Yes, confidence is built through loving yourself and being comfortable with who you are, both of which encourage you to understand that you deserve good things and are attractive.
Jenny78ph: I suppose, I have always been insecure about how others see me.
DrMeg: Let's test my theory.
Jenny78ph: How?
DrMeg: Do you trust me?
Jenny78ph: For some reason, yes.
DrMeg: Good. So dressed exactly as you are now, I want you to go to the mall and buy yourself your own collection of thigh highs. If possible, get the following colors: black, white, pink and mocha.
Jenny78ph: Um, ok, but everyone will see my entire stockings.
DrMeg: Yes, they will. They will see the new Jenny.
Jenny78ph: That they will! <giggles>
DrMeg: While you are out, pay attention to whether anyone notices the new you. Then message me when you get back.
Jenny78ph: Will you be online?
DrMeg: Maybe. But remain online while you are home and we are bound to hook up.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
I looked out the window and watched: a few minutes later she came out, dressed as instructed and hopped into her car. She was as obedient and submissive as I thought she'd be.
3 hours later.
Jenny78ph: Hi, I am back.
Jenny78ph: I got all the colors you requested and I also bought a red pair. They were on sale for buy six get one free. So I got an extra black pair and a beige pair too.
DrMeg: Great to hear you did so well. How did you feel going out dressed like that?
Jenny78ph: Great, actually. At first I was really self-conscious, but after getting over the original anxiety, I felt a rush. I felt sexy, something that usually doesn't correlate with my perception of myself. A few boys seemed to notice me, one even whistled, surprising me when I liked that, and the saleslady was super nice, complimenting me on my purchase.
DrMeg: I told you, how you dress is how you feel.
Jenny78ph: I did feel a little slutty though.
DrMeg: Dressing sexy does not make you slutty. Sleeping with a bunch of people makes you slutty. So I take it from your answers to the questionnaire you are a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: Um...I don't know...my fantasies are about girls, but I am not grossed out by boys.
DrMeg: Why older women?
Jenny78ph: I have no idea. I get more excited by them. They seem so sure of themselves. So powerful.
DrMeg: I see. Older women do have experience, unlike teenage boys.
Jenny78ph: I wouldn't know.
DrMeg: This cheerleader you fantasize about. Is she a lesbian?
Jenny78ph: No, she is dating a boy in college.
DrMeg: I see. I have a task for you tonight.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: Write a brief fantasy about yourself and the cheerleader and email it to me.
Jenny78ph: Um, I am not sure I can do that.
DrMeg: It doesn't have to be porn, just a detailed fantasy and go wherever your imagination takes you. It will help me to help you.
Jenny78ph: Ok, I will try.
DrMeg: I have to go meet another patient. I will talk to you tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok. : )
DrMeg: Goodnight, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Goodnight.
I logged out and watched what she did online. She went immediately to Literotica and browsed through some stories, all about girls submitting to dominant women and getting off on the experience, before selecting one. After about 20 minutes she logged out. She had read a lengthy story called "The Complete Submission" which I read also, which was an amazing submission story.
Next morning I found an email from Jenny. She was WAY more creative than I'd thought:
Dear Dr. Meg,
You said I didn't have to write porn, but you also said I should go wherever my imagination went and it kinda came out like porn. I hope it won't shock you too badly, but I want to do what you say. If this is bad, please say and I'm sorry and I'll try to do better.
I was leaving school when I remembered I left a book I needed to finish reading in my gym locker. I walked into the gym and saw Karen naked just getting dressed. She smiled at me and said, "Hey Jenny, why don't you take a picture, it lasts longer?"
I was shocked she even knew my name. I apologized with a stammer, my cheeks instantly turning red, "S-s-sorry."
She asked, "Actually Jenny, you can do me a favor."
"Sure," I asked, just excited she was conversing with me.
"Come here," she said, waving me over with a smile that I couldn't read.
I walked over and was stunned when she said, "You have been checking my body out all semester, haven't you, Jenny?"
My face ruby red now, I again stammered, trying to hide my guilt, "N-n-no, I have not."
"Don't lie," she smiled, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You have been literally drooling over me and had to wipe your chin."
Her touch had me rattled and I couldn't even complete a rational sentence. "Um, I, I mean, I...."
She gently but firmly pushed down on my shoulders and my legs gave away as I was lowered onto my knees. "It was really hot today Jenny, and cheerleading practice was exhausting. I feel so diiiiirty," she said, stressing the word dirty.
My face was directly in front of her vagina and I was staring at it, lost in thought.
"What're you staring at, Jenny?" she asked, her tone saying she knew exactly what I was staring at.
I forced myself away from her vagina and looked up past her large breasts and into her eyes.
Smiling knowingly, she invited in a way where 'no' wasn't an option, "My vagina needs to be cleaned, why don't you clean it for me?"
I feigned reluctance, "Um, I-I-I am not a lesbian."
"Neither am I. I love fucking boys. But girls are way better at licking pussy," she smiled, reaching for my head and pulling me into her sweet sex.
I gave no resistance as I was 'invited' into my first act of lesbian activity. I extended my tongue and made contact with her vagina. She moaned, "Does nerdy little Jenny like my pussy?"
I stammered, already addicted, "Y-y-yes."
I licked slowly up and down on her vagina pussy lips, trying to please her and savour her unique and addictive taste. After a couple of minutes, I concentrated on her clit which made her legs tremble as she let out a loud moan.
"That's it my pet, lick my cunt good," she ordered.
Being called a pet had my own vagina getting wet and I eagerly continued pleasing the most beautiful girl I knew in school. I swirled my tongue around her clit, I sucked it in my mouth. I was addicted to her unique taste and never wanted to have this moment end.
Suddenly her hand on my head, she demanded, "Fuck, you lezzie-slut, suck my cunt, make me orgasm." She roughly pulled my head deeper into her vagina and began moving her body on my face. Always being a people-pleaser, I became a pussy-pleaser too, eagerly licking and sucking as I penetrated her vagina with my tongue.
Her moans got louder and I was soon rewarded with the sweetest taste God had created as her juices flooded out of her onto my tongue, lips and face. I continued to quench my unquenchable thirst, wanting more and more as I drowned in my submission and in her perfection.
Once her orgasm had run its course, she looked down at me and ordered, "Get undressed."
I stood up and obeyed, hands trembling, and began to unbutton my blouse.
"Hurry up, slut," she snapped impatiently.
I again obeyed, a mixture of anticipation and trepidation colliding in my mind. Once naked, I never felt more vulnerable as she looked me over. She asked, "Why do you hide such a beautiful body with such unflattering clothes?"
My face flushed again at getting a compliment from the girl I had fantasized about forever, the girl that made me reconsider my sexuality. "I-I-I don't know."
"You don't know how sexy you are, do you?" she asked, moving towards me.
"Um, I," I babbled unable to complete a full thought, drowning in the compliments and in the desire to be touched.
Reaching for me, she asked, her finger slowly moving between my breasts, "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"
"Yes," I whispered, almost inaudible.
"Pardon?" she asked, her finger slowly gliding around my erect right nipple.
"Yes, please," I whimpered at her touch.
"Yes, please, what?" she kept asking, her fingers pinching my nipple.
"Aaaaah, please lick my vagina," I moaned, giving myself to her.
"Vagina!" she laughed softly, her fingers meandering to my other nipple. "What else can you call that sweet box of yours?"
I paused, I almost never swore, but her fingers pinching my nipple had me distracted and horny. "My pussy," I moaned again, feeling a mixture of pleasure and pain.
"What else?" she asked, her finger now travelling slowly south.
Wanting her to touch me down there, to lick me, I answered, "My cunt, please touch my cunt."
"Good girl," she moaned, leaning forward and taking my breast in her mouth as her finger traced my wet vagina lips.
I quivered and let out an uncontrolled moan.
She pushed me onto the bench and moved between my trembling legs. Looking up at me, she asked, "Tell me what you want, my pet."
"Eat my cunt," I demanded. "I need to come so baaaaaad."
"Tell me you are a lezzie-slut," she demanded back, flicking my clitoris with her tongue.
My whole body quaked with one touch and I declared my sexuality without hesitation. "I'm a lezzie-slut. I love licking your beautiful pussy and will be your lezzie-slave who drops to her knees anytime, anywhere, to get just a taste of your perfection."
"Fuck, that is hot," she purred, burying her face between my legs. As her tongue did slow paintbrush strokes all over my pussy, my breathing got heavy. Usually it takes a while to come, but in a couple of minutes I could feel the volcano eruption of lust bubbling inside.
"Oh god, fuck, my cunt is burning," I moaned, as she slid a finger inside me.
She hooked her finger inside my inferno and began tapping on my g-spot.
I had spasm after spasm like an epileptic person as the volcano, dormant since the beginning of time, bubbled over. I felt fireworks in my head, chills through my entire body and a euphoria I didn't know possible as my orgasm hit.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I screamed, babbling incoherently as my brain went blank and sexual energy poured through me.
She pulled her fingers out of me as the never-ending orgasm continued through my body. She leaned in and kissed me. I could taste my own juices on her lips; it was so naughty, so sweet and so natural.
Sadly, all good things must come to an end and she broke the kiss. Looking into my eyes, she smiled and said, "You understand you are now my property. You will be our little cheerleader pussy pleaser. Do you agree and understand?"
I nodded yes, knowing I would do anything to taste her again, to feel that feeling of utopia I just experienced.
"Tomorrow you are going to become the cheerleading squad's personal pussy-pleaser," she promised.
"Yes, Mistress Karen," I replied.
I was impressed. She had written a fantasy that was Literotica-worthy and had given me a plethora of insight into her young, submissive mind.
That night we met on MSN, clearly stressed about what she had sent me.
Jenny78ph: Are you there?
Jenny78ph: That story was so embarrassing; I can't believe I sent it. I have been stressed about it all day thinking about what you must think of me. It was bad, wasn't it, and you were shocked?
I waited a few minutes before responding, not wanting to look too eager. I was portraying the voice of knowledgeable reason, dontcha know!
DrMeg: Hi, my dear. There is no reason to be ashamed and it certainly wasn't shocking or bad. Fantasy is natural and a great way to relieve stress.
Jenny78ph: Really? You're not mad?
DrMeg: Of course not. I fantasize too.
Jenny78ph: About?
DrMeg: Many things. Your fantasy turned me on a lot and told me so much about you. I enjoyed how real the fantasy was, you could probably write for Literotica with that nasty mind of yours.
Jenny78ph: Really? OMG, I am SO embarrassed. You think I have a nasty mind?
DrMeg: Yes, you really do. But do not be embarrassed, be proud. By writing down your fantasy and then sending it to someone who understands you, you have allowed your pent-up frustrations to be released and your true sexual desire to come alive. I assume you got off last night after writing it?
Jenny78ph: Yes...twice.
DrMeg: So I learned a lot from your fantasy, by the way.
Jenny78ph: Like what???
DrMeg: You are very smart, yet insecure.
Jenny78ph: True and true.
DrMeg: You stress easily and have no real outlet to release your stress, so I assume you either read or watch a lot of porn online.
Jenny78ph: OMG! <blushing>
DrMeg: Am I wrong?
Jenny78ph: No, I read a lot online.
DrMeg: A lot of what?
Jenny78ph: Porn, mostly lesbian porn.
DrMeg: And I am guessing it is lesbian porn where one experienced person seduces an inexperienced one.
Jenny78ph: Yes <blushing>
DrMeg: And I am also guessing it is one where one woman dominates and controls another.
Jenny78ph: Am I that transparent?
DrMeg: Not to everyone, but I can also tell you are the submissive one, because after being high-strung and stressed at school or work, you want to just let go and be told what to do.
Jenny78ph: OMG, yes! <mortified blushing>
DrMeg: I want you to finger yourself for me, my dear.
Jenny78ph: Yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Good girl. It's now time for the next step in your treatment. Do you want an online Mistress to guide you as you learn your true sexuality?
Jenny78ph: Yes!!!!!!!!!
DrMeg: And you will obey my instructions without hesitation?
Jenny78ph: yes, ma'am.
DrMeg: Didn't you call that cheerleader Mistress? You may address me in that fashion if you wish.
Jenny78ph: Sorry, yes Mistress, I will obey ALL your instructions.
DrMeg: Now slide two fingers in that sweet cunt of yours and come for your Mistress Megan.
DrMeg: Come now, my pet.
DrMeg: Now!!!
Jenny78ph: Kkkkkkk, Comiiiiiiiiiiing!!!!
Choosing that exact moment, I picked up the phone and called her cell number. Surprisingly, she picked it up on the fourth ring. Her breathing was stilted and it was obvious she had obeyed my instruction.
"Hi, Ms. Cameron," she said, her voice raspy.
"You ok?" I asked, although I knew exactly why she was breathing like she was.
"Sorry, just finished working out," she covered impressively.
"I hate to ask last minute, but I desperately need a babysitter tonight," I said, adding, "any chance you can be a dear and come over?" I shook my head when I realized I had used the word 'dear'. Luckily she didn't make the correlation that her next door neighbor Megan and her online Mistress Megan were one and the same.
From her hesitation, I could tell she didn't want to come over, she wanted to keep chatting with the cyber me. So I sent her a quick message.
DrMeg: Sorry, but I have to get going. We will continue our conversation tomorrow, is that clear, my dear?
On the phone I pleaded, "Sorry Jenny, but I am so desperate, please, I'll pay you double."
"Sure, sure I'll do it," Jenny said, her usual can't-say-no, people-pleaser self, always sacrificing her own time to help others.
"You're a life-saver," I gushed thankfully. "Can you be here in an hour?"
"Sure, Ms. Cameron," she agreed.
"You can call me Megan," I said, dropping another hint of my double identity.
Jenny said, "OK, thanks, Megan, I'll be there at eight."
"Eight is great," I quipped, before adding, "See you then."
I hung up and saw Jenny had continued our cyber conversation.
Jenny78ph: That is ok, I have to go babysit for my neighbor in an hour.
DrMeg: Fun. I am going out right away. I have a date with my girlfriend.
Jenny78ph: Like a friend who is a girl or a 'girlfriend'?
DrMeg: Truthfully, she is a slave of mine. I have a few women who service me sexually.
Jenny78ph: ???
DrMeg: Just kidding.
Jenny78ph: Oh.
DrMeg: Actually, do you want to know a secret?
Jenny78ph: Yes.
DrMeg: I wasn't kidding. I have a woman coming over tonight I am going to use to release my stress. When you are more confident you will be able to release your stress through sex too.
Jenny78ph: Not sure I will ever be that confident.
DrMeg: I promise we will find your happy place. You have already begun the transition.
Jenny78ph: Ok.
DrMeg: I want you to do something for me.
Jenny78ph: Of course.
DrMeg: When you go to babysit, I want you to wear the shortest skirt you have, and thigh highs that match.
Jenny78ph: To babysit?
DrMeg: Yes. Are you going to do as I say?
Jenny78ph: Yes, sorry for questioning you.
DrMeg: It's ok. I have to go and shave for tonight. Do you shave your special place?
Jenny78ph: I trim it.
DrMeg: Be sure it is nice and trimmed before you go out tonight. You always want to look attractive down there, even if you're the only one who knows.
Jenny78ph: OK.
DrMeg: I must get going. I will talk to you later tomorrow.
Jenny78ph: Ok, thank you...Bye.
I got ready for my fake date. I would go out for an hour or so, giving Jenny enough time for my plan to kick into action. I was dressed in a black leather skirt, beige stockings and a red blouse. Jenny arrived dressed in one of her plaid school skirts that she must have first worn back when her legs were shorter, mocha thigh highs, and her white school blouse. You could clearly see her nylons were thigh highs.
"Wow, you look adorable, Jenny," I complimented her. "Do you have a late-night date?"
"Thanks Ms. Cameron. You look pretty too and no, I was just trying something new and didn't have time to change."
"Well it really works for you," I said, gently squeezing her shoulder. "I've got a hot date. Max is already asleep, so you can watch a DVD if you want. I think you'll like the one in the machine, it's a fun movie."
"Ok, have fun," she said, her usual bubbly self.
"Oh, I will," I said ever-so-coyly.
After I left, I drove to a nearby adult store and picked up a new smaller strap-on I hoped to use on my cute babysitter later tonight. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, I drove home and snuck in the back door, quiet as a mouse.
From the dark kitchen, I checked in on my babysitter.
She was on the couch, her legs open and her hand assumedly pleasuring herself as she watched a scene of me fucking the pussy of a pretty 21-year-old coed I had seduced a while ago. The girl, a sweet submissive volleyball player named Allison, was screaming "Yes Mistress, fuck me, bang my tight pussy!" I allowed the scene to go on for a couple of minutes, long enough to savour Jenny's soft moans, before I decided it was time for me to 'return home.' I snuck back out the back door and came in the front door. I closed it silently to avoid startling my in-the-throes-of- self-pleasure babysitter. The sounds of the DVD echoed through the house, "Yes Mistress, pound me, I'm coming!" When I entered, Jenny scrambled to cover herself, but couldn't do so in time.
I looked at the TV, a sly smile on my face and gasped, faking surprise, "Oops, that wasn't the movie you were supposed to see!"
She stammered, apologized and begged me "I-I-I am s-s-so sorry, Ms. Cameron. P-p-p-please don't tell my mother!"
Her red cheeks expressed both guilt from what she was doing and also the shame that came from being caught in such a compromising position. "It's ok, my dear, masturbation is natural."
"I-I-I am so, so, so sorry," Jenny continued; I found her embarrassment so cute!
"Actually, the fact that you were masturbating to a video of me and my submissive Allison is quite flattering," I mused. "What turned you on the most?"
"I-I-I don't know," she replied, clearly overwhelmed just that we were talking about such things.
"Did you find seeing me with a strap-on exciting?" I asked, moving closer. "Or was it Allison being fucked?" swearing in front of her for the first time. As I reached her, my hand grasped hers and I pulled her up and asked, "Or did you wish that you were the one on all fours getting fucked by my big strap-on cock?"
Her mouth dropped open and she froze in place, speechless. Her mouth opened and closed several times and faint sounds emerged, but no words came out. Adding to her confusion, I then leaned in and kissed her. At first it was gentle and sweet, but once she responded, tentatively at first, I used my tongue to part her lips. She responded more actively and our tongues danced inside each other's mouths. The urgency of the kiss increased as my hands slid down past her waist and beneath her skirt. The background noise of Allison coming on my strap-on enhanced the intensity of our kiss.
I finally broke away and asked, "What does my Jenny78ph want?"
"Pardon?" she asked, the significance of the words not immediately registering.
My hand traced her pussy lips through her wet panties. "Hmmmm, you are very wet, Jenny78 pantyhose."
She let out a soft moan from my touch. "H-h-how do you know my MSN name?"
"Oh, Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Have you not figured it out?" I smiled, my finger tapping her protruding clit.
Her breathing increased, and my finger was causing her so much distraction she couldn't make the obvious correlation.
I asked, "What is my first name, Jenny?"
"M-M-Megan," she moaned. I watched her face and her lips as she moaned with desire. It was so adorably cute as the light bulb came on and her face brightened to astonishment. She asked, her words coming out stunted as my finger continued putting pressure on her clit, "Oh, um, wait, oh my God, are you Dr. Meg?"
"The one and only," I purred, as my finger slipped past her soiled panties.
"I-I can't believe it," she gasped, astonished by my revelation.
"Yes, my dear, and I am now about to relieve all your stress and satisfy all your curiosity," I promised, my finger now between but not inside her wet pussy lips.
"But how?" she asked, overwhelmed as she began seeing further implications that could stem from this sudden new level of our friendship. I had baked cookies for her when she was fifteen, and now I was touching her twat!
"I've always thought you were sexy... shy but sexy. When I overhauled your computer I searched for clues and found which sites you usually frequent," I explained, before adding with a playful smile, "By the way, for future reference you need to erase your daily history if you don't wish people like your Mom, or conniving neighbors like me, to learn all your secrets."
"Aaaaaaah," she gasped as my finger took the plunge and slowly penetrated her fevered pussy.
"Jenny, it's all right. You're a lesbian and submissive; I am a lesbian and dominant," I explained.
Jenny, still trying to get the whole picture straight in her mind with one less player now on the field, stood there in a sexual trance. Her mind was trying to process the bizarre reality currently happening around her while within, her body was begging for the attention it had long craved.
"Jenny, I know exactly what you need," I told her gently, "even if you don't. You are submissive and a people pleaser, as your naughty story clearly demonstrates. You want to explore your sexuality but don't even know where to start. I'm here to help and guide you, honey."
Jenny looked directly into my eyes. I smiled. She looked tentative, yet I knew she had already made up her mind.
"If you wish me to Jenny, I will teach you how to be a good submissive pet and thus how to pleasure a woman properly and in return be pleasured thoroughly yourself," I continued, my finger now deep inside her, just lingering in her warmth.
"Please," she whispered.
"Please what?" I asked, my mouth close to her ear.
"Please, don't stop," she again whispered, such words difficult for her to say.
"Please don't stop what?" I pressured, pushing her deeper into admitting her desires and needs. I encouraged further responses by moving my finger ever so slowly inside her.
"P-p-please, don't stop fingering me," she elaborated, her breathing getting heavier.
"Do you want to come?" I asked, nibbling on her earlobe.
"God, yes," she moaned.
"Then I need to make something very clear, my dear," I whispered, my tongue darting in and out of her ear.
"Whaaaat?" she asked, distracted by my finger in her pussy and my tongue in her ear.
"If you wish, we will make love today. I will take you to levels of euphoria you have so far only imagined. You will taste your first pussy and I will fuck you," I explained. Suddenly I wondered if she was a virgin. I asked her, "Jenny, are you a virgin?"
"Yes," she admitted, as if such a declaration was admitting something shameful.
"It's ok, Jenny," I soothed. "That's nothing to be ashamed of. You're uncertain about your sexuality, and tonight I will help you discover and confirm your true sexuality."
"Kkkkkk," she whimpered, my finger causing her great pleasure but also great need, a constant teasing distraction, but also a goad.
"But I need to warn you: if you submit to me tonight, I will expect you to become my permanent submissive. If you surrender to me, you must henceforward obey every order I give without hesitation, and I do not tolerate disobedience. I know what you need and how to provide what you crave, but in return I expect unconditional loyalty," I explained, my finger touching, ever so briefly, her g-spot. Her legs trembled and I added, knowing her true submissive nature was taking over, "If you do not wish to submit to me, if you are not ready to agree to my terms, you may leave. We will pretend this never happened, I will still pay you double for tonight as promised and you will be free to continue to babysit Max if you're comfortable doing so knowing what you now know."
Her mind was clearly processing all my terms and all the things I was doing to her body. If there was an internal struggle between good girl Jenny and sexually curious Jenny, it was a brief one.
Going for broke, confident I was reading her correctly, I released her and backed up a few feet to say, "My dear sweet Jenny, it is time for you to decide. If you wish for me to become your Mistress, you simply need to undress for me."
Jenny's eyes never left mine as she began to obey my order instantly by reaching for a button and slowly beginning to unbutton her blouse. Her hands were trembling slightly as she tossed the blouse on the floor. Her small, perky breasts peeked out from her white lace bra.
"You are very beautiful, Jenny," I encouraged. "Please remove the skirt."
Jenny obeyed, sliding the skirt down her stocking-clad legs. She was then standing in front of me in her bra, white panties and mocha thigh highs. I looked down and saw her toenails were painted purple while her lipstick was light pink... but never mind fashion nuances for now. Overall, she looked so adorable, and good enough to eat!
I stepped back to her and as my hands grasped her shoulders, she was shivering. She looked pleadingly into my eyes, silently begging for me to pleasure her. I moved in for a soft kiss, just brushing her tender lips. I then moved to an ear. I nibbled on her earlobe, my hot breath flowing into her ear. She quivered and let out a soft moan. I then whispered, "Jenny..."
She whispered back, almost inaudibly, "Yes?"
"...are you ready?"
"Yes."
I moved down her neck, trailing gentle soft kisses. When my kisses reached her breasts, I unhooked her bra, allowing it to fall to the carpet. I licked, nibbled and sucked on her perky, firm breasts. I teased her nipples; I splattered her with butterfly kisses. Her breathing again increased from her desire. My tongue slid down her belly. I reached her panties and slowly, seductively, drew them down until they fell around her ankles. Requiring no urging, she stepped out of them. The ripe young lesbian-to-be now stood before me naked except for a pair of thigh-high stockings. Kneeling, I gave her one gentle lick across her freshly trimmed pussy and allowed my tongue to roam down her left leg. I lifted her foot to my mouth and through the transparent silky fabric of her stocking, took each delicate toe into my mouth. Her breathing became heavier, more laboured. I moved back up to her delicious pussy and gave her one more long, wide lick, before gliding down her right leg and replicating my toe-sucking on that foot. I moved up, kissing behind her knee, her mid-thigh, around to her clit, up her belly and then to her lips. She eagerly kissed me back, moaning into my mouth with a new, determined hunger.
I broke the kiss, took her hand and without a word from either of us, led her to my bedroom as she followed pliantly. I lay her on my bed and kissed her again. Our tongues twisted and turned, danced and twirled. I moved back down to her special place and asked, "Does my dear pet want her pussy licked?"
"Yes please," she moaned.
"Tell me what you want, my pet," I purred, my breath hot on her pussy.
"I want you to lick me," she moaned.
"Where?" I asked, again pushing her to say the words.
"My pussy, please lick my pussy, Megan," she pleaded, an intense desperation in her voice, which was adorably sexy.
"Good girl," I purred and leaned forward to lick her virgin pussy. Her nectar was so sweet and she was already dripping wet. I knew her first orgasm would come quickly as her moans told me she was already close to a major stress release. I licked her with long, wide strokes and her moaning increased. I could tell her orgasm was imminent so I grasped her swollen clit between my lips and sucked it in.
She screamed, "Oooooooo myyyyyyyyyy gaawwd!"
Her orgasm quaked through her and the shy, reserved babysitter came sexually alive. As she writhed and screamed from her first intense orgasm, I continued pleasing her, already attempting to build a second orgasm in my new pet even as the first hadn't yet subsided. I continued licking, sucking and nibbling her clit, while I slid a finger inside her warm hole and pumped it in and out. Jenny was screaming, "Oh my god, don't stop, yes, yes, it feels so good!"
I continued to heat her up, getting her revved for more, stoking her need for another climax, but after a few more minutes of licking and fingering, I suddenly stood up, abandoning her to her unreleased urges.
She whimpered, "Noooooo!"
"Get on all fours," I ordered, adding, "and don't you dare touch your cunt, is that understood?"
"Kkkk," she moaned, obeying the order even though she was desperate to come again.
I went downstairs and pulled out the new strap-on I'd bought for this very occasion and returned to my hungry, newly insatiable teenager.
Once back in the bedroom, I slipped out of my clothing while my babysitter looked on impatiently, but without complaint. I was soon as naked as she was except for our stockings. I asked, "Does my pet babysitter want to get fucked?"
"So bad," she finally felt at liberty to say, staring at the cock in my hand.
I fastened the harness in place and sauntered up to her. "Has Pet Jenny ever sucked a cock?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.
"Does she want to suck mine?" I asked, my anatomically correct cock now directly in front of her.
"Yes, ma'am," she answered.
"When we are alone I am your Mistress, Jenny. Is that understood? You do want a Mistress, don't you?" I asked.
The hesitation was brief before she responded as expected, "Yes, I truly do, Mistress Megan."
"Good girl," I purred, knowing that a true submissive lives and breathes for approval. "Now suck my cock, my pet."
She leaned forward and took my plastic cock in her mouth. Watching my cute, shy, sweet teenaged babysitter slowly bobbing up and down on my cock was one of the hottest moments of my life. Anytime I turn a straight girl or pull a bi-curious girl into the world of lesbian submission, I experience a joy and a sense of accomplishment I cannot explain. I don't do it just for the personal pleasure (although that is certainly one reward), I do it primarily to liberate young women from the sexual stereotypes that hold them back. Jenny wanted to be a lesbian, Jenny was submissive, and I had just pushed her over the edge to discovering her true nature, to accepting her true sexuality. Jenny had begun slowly, but soon began moving faster and I briefly imagined she could become a great cock sucker if she were ever to try playing the straight card.
Finally I pulled my cock out of her perfect mouth and asked, "Jenny my pet, are you ready for your Mistress to fuck you?"
She looked me straight in the eye and surprised me for the first time. "Please fuck me, Mistress. I need your cock in me so fucking badly," she begged, the combination of her unexpected foul language coupled with her customary proper grammar absolutely delicious!
I moved her to all fours and joined her on the bed, placing myself behind her. I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips and was again surprised when she leaned back abruptly and forecefully, taking my cock inside her.
"You naughty little slut," I quipped playfully.
"Oh God, yes I am," she moaned, "Please fuck me, Mistress."
Never one to deny such a request, I put my hands on her hips and slowly began to slide my cock in and out of her sweet pussy.
She was so drenched my cock easily filled her completely, and as I started pumping in and out she began to get animated. The shy, reserved nerd begged, "Fuck me, harder, even harder! Fill my pussy completely! Make me your whore!"
Watching her complete transformation was so hot and I again obliged, my body thrusting into her. Her body also got involved and she began meeting my thrusts, attempting to get my cock deeper inside her.
As her moans increased I demanded, "Your pussy is called a cunt, my slut. Beg for me to fuck your tight cunt."
"Oh God, Mistress, please pound my dirty cunt with your cock, it feels sooooo good," she moaned.
We continued fucking for a few more minutes, sweat pouring off both of us as over and over our bodies crashed together and became one.
Finally, her breathing had become urgent panting and she screamed, "I'm coming again, Mistress, oh my God, oh my God, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck!"
She collapsed forward and I continued pumping her pussy from a new, deeper angle. Her orgasm was continuing through quiver after quiver of pleasure as I slowed my fucking and watched her, my cock still buried deep inside my no-longer-virgin babysitter.
Finally I pulled out of her beautiful cunt, removed my shiny-with-her-juices cock and went for a couple of glasses of water. I returned and she hadn't moved an inch. I handed my exhausted pet a glass of water and after sitting down on the edge of my bed, she downed the whole glass. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Allow me to please you, Mistress; I want to pleasure your cunt."
Joining her on the bed and lying back, I smiled up at her and promised, "Jenny, you will be pleasuring my cunt many, many times. Now crawl between my legs and begin to please your Mistress."
Eagerly, Jenny crawled between my stocking-clad legs. She looked at my completely shaved pussy, my slightly wet pussy lips, and my swollen clit with the awe of an innocent virgin.
"Go ahead, my pet," I purred, "Lick your Mistress's cunt."
She smiled and again surprised me. "I've wanted to do this for a long time."
"Do what, lick someone's pussy?" I asked.
"No, lick your pussy, Mistress," she answered, admitting, "I've fantasized about you for like, forever."
It was my turn to be surprised. "Really?" I asked, suddenly not completely in control.
"Really, really," she smiled, leaning forward and extending her tongue. I moaned on contact, my pretty babysitter between my legs licking me so sexily. For a pussy-licking rookie, she was very good. She licked, she sucked, she probed me with her fingers. She was like an explorer breaking into new territory, wishing to taste, search and learn about every aspect of my special place.
After a few minutes of her eager tongue, I was close and moaned, "I'm close, my pet slut, sooooo close!"
She took my clit into her mouth and put intense pressure on it and began shaking her head from left to right. This was a technique I had never experienced and I began breathing heavily, my own orgasm now imminent. "Oh, yes, Jenny, fuck, that is so good, more, more!"
Out of the blue she surprised me yet again by sliding a finger in my ass! It triggered the explosion of my orgasm and I flooded my juices all over my adorably cute babysitter's face. "Oh fuck, you nasty sluuuuuuut, I'm comiiiiiing!"
She continued teasing my ass, sucking on my clit and fingering my pussy while my orgasm surged through me. The intensity of the orgasm was so much more powerful than usual that I finally had to push her away. "Fuck, that was amazing, my pet," I whimpered, as I drew my legs together and allowed the last of the orgasm to subside.
She moved up and lay beside me, smiling like a kid on Christmas morning. "I read about that last move in a story online."
I laughed. "Well, keep reading, that was amazing."
She asked, her smile fading to serious, "Does it always feel this amazing?"
"It can. Although you should understand that I was very gentle with you tonight. I won't always be," I warned.
"I understand. But please don't hold back from doing whatever you wish with me: I want you to dominate me. I need you to treat me like a filthy slut, I know that now," she answered, the unhesitant words flowing past her sweet lips sounding so sinfully delicious. "All my fantasies have always been of being treated like a slut, being forced to do kinky things I would never dare to do on my own."
"You're going to make a great slave," I promised her, kissing her again. But once the tender kiss was broken, I looked at the clock and realized it had been almost two hours. I kissed her again and told her, "You must also understand that I will share you with my friends. I will take you to places you have never even imagined, and this time I mean physical places and sometimes people you've never met."
Her eyes went big, but she pledged me like a good submissive. "I understand Mistress, and eagerly await whatever you have in store for me."
I faced away from her, got on all fours and suddenly ordered, deciding to test her utter obedience, "Then lick my asshole, my pet."
"Yes Mistress," she replied without hesitation, crawling up to my ass. She pulled my ass-cheeks apart, and after a brief pause to admire the view, she leaned forward and began licking my dark dime. Such an eager submissive, she worked hard to poke her rigid tongue deep inside. Her eagerness to please was so fucking adorable and sexy!
Her submission keeping me horny, I ordered, "On your back, my pussy pleaser."
She again obeyed and I straddled her face. Without requiring any instruction, she again licked my pussy and time stood still as my new pet pleasured me. Finally my second orgasm was building and I began rubbing my pussy all over her sweet face until I came, flooding her face once again with my cum.
Climbing off her, I smiled and said, "Your sweet face looks absolutely adorable, all shiny with my cunt cum."
"Thanks, Mistress," she chirped companionably, like a good girl. She was being appropriately deferential insofar as she was abiding by all the submissive forms, and she was eagerly obedient to whatever I might demand of her, but she wasn't remotely intimidated or fearful. It was as if I had just introduced her to a whole new world, but one where she felt immediately at home. Interesting!
"Wait here," I ordered and returned a minute later with my camera. "Let's take a picture to remember this special day."
I thought she might balk at this potentially risky suggestion, that she might still have an unrevealed trust issue, but instead, she sat up and happily posed for me. I snapped a few pictures of her cunt-cum-covered face, her make-up totally ruined.
Setting the camera down, I came over to the bed and mentioned, "It's getting late."
She looked at the clock and sighed. "I suppose it is."
"Are you free tomorrow?" I asked.
Excited, like a girl being asked out by a boy she was crushing on, she answered, "Yes, yes I am!"
"Then tomorrow I am taking you out for a makeover," I smiled.
"Where?" she asked.
I just shrugged and said, "You'll see, but wear the same outfit you wore today when you went shopping."
"Yes Mistress, "she said, standing up.
She got dressed, we kissed one last time and she went home.
My head spinning with naughty possibilities, I smiled to myself. Tomorrow was going to be fun...
THE END... of Chapter 1.... Jenny's journey to lesbian submission continues in Bedding the Babysitter Chapter 2.
