Watching several twenty-one year old men alternate fucking your beautiful thirty-seven year old wife over the course of three days and nights, might be enough to send most men to a mental institution. Up until last year, I would have been one of them. But I have learned that no one really knows how they might feel or how they would react until they are there, especially when a cosmically perfect set of circumstances falls into place.
Ever since our honeymoon, my wife and I have taken the very same vacation year after year. And I do mean the very same, the same motel, the same dates, the same suite in many cases, seventeen years running now, all the same. I'm sure that sounds painfully monotonous to some and under ordinary circumstances probably would be. But, having a very narrow window of time in the spring while trying to maintain a very strict budget, we just couldn't top it.
First and foremost this locale had always been quite inexpensive, which absolutely topped our list, but not cheap with amenities. It also had everything we were looking for in a cheap Spring vacation; great beach, great food, quiet, and all just outside our door. We had even grown to know and love the motel owners. There wasn't anything to dislike.
However, after the first few years of discovering this little patch of sand, we soon realized it was becoming more and more popular with the Spring breakers. They were like locusts for those of us who were only looking for down time. As soon as they invaded Panama City Beach, it was only a matter of time before they found Ft. Walton.
If you have ever been to Ft. Walton beach back in the late eighties, early nineties, you know exactly what I mean. How it used to be that great little panhandle beach with very few Spring breakers. You probably also remember not having to worry about getting a good room. A week's stay always broke out to around forty-five bucks per night and you always had folks your own age to relate to. Sadly enough though we watched as our little sanctuary slipped into the hands of the mighty hordes.
Even after the Spring breakers discovered our little piece of paradise, we continued to go. It was our place; we had too many memories to give it up. We finally conceded though that, if we were going to keep it our little spot, we had to live with it. And as it turns out they really weren't all that rowdy, at least not rowdy enough to run us off.
Last year however broke the mold in so very many ways. We first found ourselves literally surrounded by Spring breakers, again not unusual for late March, but this particular year we found ourselves a literal magnet for many of the college hellions.
It took them very little time to discover that we were both educators at a community college in our hometown of Columbus, Ohio. And, as it turned out, that seemed to be the source of the magnetism attracting them to us. They were absolutely fascinated by the fact that we were normal, cool, and otherwise regular people able to have a good time. Somewhere in their minds, I'm sure they must have believed that we spent most of our free time finding new ways to flunk them into oblivion.
Most were very standoffish at first, treating us like the police or some other higher authority, but after a couple of days they finally figured out that we were actual human beings. Very soon into the second day, we found that the back porch of our suite was becoming the ultimate hangout for some.
Naively, I was sure at first it had much more to do with the fact that we always had beer and liquor and a whole lot less to do with the placement of our porch, but soon found out differently. Many though, being the bright young folks they were, soon discovered that storing and mingling their drinkables with ours, stretched their supply a whole lot further; I watched it too many times to try it.
Most were a very likable sort so we just went with it. Plus, we always overbought when it came to alcohol, not wanting to run back and forth to the liquor store. Funny thing is my wife and I only drink a few times a year, but you would have thought we were mega-lushes with the amount we purchased. I have to say though, we were Nazis about who was and was not of drinking age and, to our surprise, they very much respected our one cardinal rule.
Now being that folks over the age of thirty were indeed rare during this time, you would think that they might try to be as far from us as possible, but several of the guys from the University of Georgia were awe struck with my wife, Gina. It wasn't surprising in the slightest. Gina's nickname where we teach is "Ultra MILF" with some of her present and former male students. It's quite interesting too, over the years she and I both began to notice that her male students always made far better grades than did her female students.
To me it was a no-brainer; they were simply trying to gain her approval. Gina always laughingly told me it was from her revolutionary teaching skills; I always rebutted, "Having a spectacular pair of legs and a nice ass is not a skill."
She's the type of female college educator that you might see in a cheap class B movie, only she's truly brilliant, naturally beautiful, very professional, and has perfect C-cup breasts that God gave her.
The fact that she was a highly sexy thirty-seven year old college educator spread like wildfire at the motel and actually got Gina even more "Hot Points," as some of the young men began calling it. I sometimes wish I were more ignorant to men gazing at her, but hey, I'm neither naive nor stupid when it comes to what they are staring at; it's not the bikini, it's what's under it.
She truly is gorgeous and will be stared at, especially by her male students, males in general for that matter. It's been said that if men stare at a woman as she walks by, she's beautiful, but if both men and women stare, she's hot.
I can safely say that Gina is hot. At 5'3", 108 lbs, gorgeous ass, perfect curves, flawless skin, and an amazingly cute innocent looking face, the fact that she is a college professor really made little difference. If she were a bottle washer, the testosterone-filled young men at this motel would have been attracted to her.
Just into our second day there, we ended up driving to her sister's home ten minutes outside Panama City Beach. We always ended up staying the entire day hanging out and catching up. It was basically our spring routine.
Upon returning to the motel later that evening, we couldn't help noticing several of the University of Georgia guys sitting on our back porch, not at all unusual after getting to know us. As we walked to the back side of the porch we noticed they had a small table pulled out playing a drinking game, which required the loser to down a shot, and as it appeared they must have all been losing
Gina quickly said in a joking manner as we walked up, "Boys, that's a game where even the winner's a loser in the morning." They all laughed and began brutally heckling us to join them.
Now, I'm not the type to enter a pissing contest over simple heckling, never have been never will be, but Gina on the other hand can't help herself. She's hard-wired for it and doesn't even know it.
She playfully began firing right back saying, "First of all, most of you lightweights are already buzzed, and second, I'm not one of your little girly buddies who follows you around and fakes being tipsy after a shot. Oh, Brian, oh, Stan, that one shot made me a little dizzy."
That stoked them even more. After another twenty minutes or so of this back and forth banter she finally said, "Fine... Fine. Okay, even if I lose I'll be able to walk when most of you are curled up in the fetal position on the floor." I must say I was trying my damnedest not to laugh because I knew full well what a lightweight she was in the drinking department and full-on trying to bluff guys who majored in drinking.
After a few more minutes of this harassing joust between Gina and her antagonists, she and I went into the room to change our clothes. I arrived back out on the deck long before Gina and poured myself a large vodka tonic as we all waited for her.
We began chitchatting about everything and nothing. They must have told me a hundred times how they were going to take her to school on drinking, bragging about what power drinkers they were, how many times they had played this, and how much they could hold.
At times thinking they might be overdoing it, they would quickly begin saying, "Oh, but we'll take it easy. Anyone can quit at any time." I actually began wondering if anyone would be coherent by the time she came back out. With every passing minute I began thinking Gina might have been right about most of them ending up in the floor. With the game paused, they continued to pound beer and shots the entire time.
Just as I was about to see what was keeping Gina, she slid the glass door open and walked out. I noticed she was wearing a bikini with a tank top pulled over, quite normal I suppose for where we were, but not what I was expecting with six drunken college students sitting around. Instantly one of the buzzed college students said, "Mr. and Mrs. Arnett, please forgive me, but I have to say this, Gina, you are positively the sexiest college professor alive."
She quickly giggled slapping him on the shoulder saying, "Don't try to soften me up, buddy boy, you'll be passed out soon and I'm gonna be laughing at you tomorrow. That is if you can eek your way out of bed in the morning after the hangover I'm gonna put on ya."
They were all razzing one another full force. I just sat watching, cracking up as they played their drinking game. After several rounds, one of them said "Mr. Arnett, with the utmost respect, sir, I believe your wife is cheating so we might need to raise the stakes."
I simply replied laughing, knowing almost instinctively what he might be alluding to, "Yes, she does appear to be kicking your asses. What's on our mind?"
He immediately uttered, "Strip shots."
Now Gina was only into her third shot when she practically cut me off in midspeech saying, "Oh, aren't we funny, I'm winning and you're all talking about taking clothes off? Try again!"
I should mention that Gina had been overtly flirting with these young men for a couple of days by this time. Actually, she and I had a game of our own we had been playing the last few vacations. I always enjoyed her purposeful flirting and told her many times over the years how much it turned me on.
In fact it took several times playing our little game before she finally confessed that it kind of turned her on too. From the beginning though she warned me that flirting was the limit, always reminding me that the naughtiness of it was quite enough, and the only reason she continued to do it was because of how it paid off in our bedroom, further telling me that there was "never" any reason for it to go further.
She always emphasized this because of the one and only time I ever told her about a wild fantasy of mine, a fantasy involving watching her fuck another man. It was simply a file her brain refused to process. She later told me that she thought the only reason a man would have such a fantasy would be because he wanted to justify being with another woman, basically "You fucked another guy, I'm going to fuck another woman." I understood what she was saying, but it honestly wasn't my goal.
So flirting in front of me became our spicy compromise.
As the night progressed, the young men continued needling her insisting that "Strip Shots" separated the chicken-shits from the real players. God love her too, she was so into winning she didn't even see the setup being orchestrated. I knew full well that they were basically letting her win and carefully timing their moment in which the payoff would be her sitting there completely nude.
I have to say that I began getting turned on by the possibility as well. I've seen Gina nude a million times, but never in front of a pack of horny young men, who can say that?
I kept my mouth shut for a while when suddenly I blurted, "Awe hell, baby, you're cleaning their clocks, they'll be the ones sitting there looking silly."
As she jokingly put her feet up in the chair and tightly wrapped her arms around her legs, rather like trying to completely cover herself, she began giggling replying "For crying out loud, everyone here has about three articles of clothing on. What? Is it a three minute game now? I think you all just know I'm winning and are trying to make me quit."
Every guy there couldn't help but glance at the crotch of her bikini as she sat with her feet up in the chair and her arms wrapped around her knees. It was wildly teasing when she would occasionally lean back. Her bikini was very tightly stretched over her crotch and pussy. The subtle outline was unmistakable.
She didn't realize it but she was playing right into their ploy and I was basically inching it along. I too began pumping her up saying things like, "What are you worried about, you've only lost three hands?"
Ultimately I figured what the hell; I would love to see her slip her bikini off in front of them, but at the time had no clue whether she would go through with it. There's no doubt she was in rare form, but in my opinion not nearly intoxicated enough to go through with it. I have been married to her for seventeen years, but seriously, in the unpredictable condition she was in, I didn't know what she would do.
After several more minutes, she apprehensively said, "Good grief, let's at least go inside if we are going to be this immature." I was a bit shocked. I honestly thought she would nix the game and make any excuse not to continue.
They all immediately began picking up the cards and carrying on as they gathered their drinks, and razzing the hell out of her with things like, "Oh, you won't play. You know you won't."
She and I must have winked at one another twenty times during all this, almost in reassurance to one another that it was all in good fun. After getting in the room and getting all set up, they began to do shots before the game even started. Gina wasn't to be outdone as she too threw back a few.
At this juncture I could tell she was hell bent on going through with it, but also knew she was unwittingly confident that she had been legitimately winning all along. It was quite comical watching her sneak on a pair of flip-flops. I knew she was going to consider that part of her wardrobe as she gave me a sneaky grin.
On the very first round, she and three others had to loose an article of clothing. Gina, threw her tank top onto the bed, but still looked ultimately confident as if it were just a fluke. We all sat around continuing to drink for at least ten minutes before they even began the next round.
To everyone's surprise Gina legitimately won the next two rounds leaving three of the guys sitting in just their underwear. Again though, it appeared as if they were letting her win to keep her in the game. And believe me, she had talked enough trash up to this point, she would have a hard time backing out.
Before dealing the next hand, and the fact that someone would undoubtedly end up nude if they lost, they actually added an addendum to the rules. Even with the new rules, I could plainly see that Gina was having second thoughts, agreeing that those who became nude could get dressed after five minutes of humiliation while the remaining players worked towards victory.
As the next round was dealt, I watched as she stared at her cards with an "Oh, shit" look. She laid down three cards and was re-dealt along with the others, when she unconsciously murmured, "You've gotta be kidding me."
They all began chuckling saying, "Oh, the big winner didn't get the card she needed?"
She instantly replied, "I don't know what you're all laughing at, two of you are about to be sitting there the way you came into this world, and all I'm loosing is my flip-flops." They instantly began whooping and hollering about how she didn't have flip-flops on when the game started, etc., etc., but she held to her guns and they let it ride.
Once again, they all playfully began harassing one another when Gina began riding the losers saying, "Hey this was your all's idea. Remember, oh, let's separate the chicken-shits. Oh, let's separate the chicken-shits. Lose the underwear fellas."
This went on for at least five minutes when they simply stood up, scooted their underwear down, and kicked them off. Gina watched for a couple of seconds, but as they pushed them down exposing their pubic hair and the tops of their cocks, she turned her head and put a hand over her face with a rather embarrassed smile, but quickly turned back towards them trying to act as though it was completely normal.
As a husband in this peculiar situation, I instinctively glanced at their packages. Let's face it, if your wife is playing a strip game, and guys are exposing their cocks, you will compare yourself to what she will no doubt see, no matter how much you act as if you're not.
I immediately noticed that one of the guys was completely average, and from what I could tell, he was nervously quite un-erect. The other young man on the other hand, had a slightly aroused thick yet limp cock that flopped out of his underwear. I knew Gina looked right at it, but played it perfectly nonchalant. It was larger than mine, and that bothered me for a split second, but not enough for me to let it interfere with what was transpiring.
Both guys draped a hand and arm over their genitals as they sat there with Gina relentlessly harassing them saying, "Oh, let's play strip shots, let's play strip shots... Remember you have five minutes, yep you do."
Not more than a few minutes later she and the last guy wearing underwear dealt their cards and by this time Gina was seriously feeling the shots she had consumed over the course of the evening. As she picked up her cards, again she got that intense look of, "Oh, shit," as she intently focused and repositioned her cards several times. She ultimately laid her cards down in a reluctant, "I've been cheated" manner.
After being re-dealt, she instantly threw her cards face down and said, "Ok you win. I quit... Hey, you said I could quit anytime."
They all simultaneously began laughing high fiving one another, "Oh, no, Oh, no, you have to. Remember us chicken-shits sitting here naked, what's up with that? Let's put our money where our mouth is... We had to. Yes, yes, we had to, take'em off."
She quickly looked at me grinning almost as if hoping I would say something to keep her from having to do it when I replied, "I'm out of this. This is your all's game, not mine."
Her knees began bouncing a mile a minute as she nervously put her hands over her face. This went on for several minutes, when she finally said, "Ok, turn your heads and I will."
Again, they instantly began chuckling, "No, no, no, we had to bare it all in front of everyone, you do too."
She kept bouncing her knees nervously, when finally she stood up with her mouth half opened expressing a nervous smile, and said "I see there are no gentlemen here who might insist that I maintain my dignity."
They all began roaring, "Nope, nope, none here, Oh, no, none here," With one eventually saying, "At least you'll have our respect. So will it be the top or bottoms?"
She stared at me again for a couple of seconds and then turned away as she nervously giggled, "I must be nuts." She hurriedly put her thumbs on the sides of her bikini bottoms, and slid them down to her knees as she quickly sat and raised her feet off the floor and removed them.
You would have thought this was an off-post military bar with thirty GIs the way they carried on. She then sarcastically said, "Good lord, enough. Haven't you ever seen a woman's bottom half before?"
They all began repeating things like, "Not as fine as yours, Mrs. Arnett, not as fine as yours... Mr. Arnett, your wife is so fucking hot. Oh, my God you're hot. Mrs. Arnett, you're so fucking hot." I must have always taken it for granted, but she really did look amazing sitting there with only her bikini top on.
She couldn't stop giggling, telling them "Do you realize I'm thirty-seven years old, and you guys are what, barely twenty-one? You should be chasing those girls gone wild types I see running around here."
I could tell after the initial embarrassment, she was thoroughly enjoying all the attention and compliments. They never did finish the game, but continued sitting there nude and semi-nude well past their amended five minute rule chitchatting and harassing one another.
Eventually Gina asked me to throw her a T-shirt. I grabbed one of mine thinking it would be long enough to completely cover and tossed it to her. After an hour or so had passed, one guy began talking about going out and finding an all night massage joint, mentioning that he had heard that if you tip really well you might get lucky.
Gina immediately told them that if they get behind the wheel of a car in the shape they were in they would most certainly regret it, but they insistently kept rambling on about it.
I noticed at one point Gina got up and clandestinely grabbed a set of car keys one of them had laid down on the night stand, hiding them under a towel by the bathroom. I knew what she was doing and acted as if I hadn't even seen her do it. I too thought that if they tried driving in the shape they were in they would kill themselves or someone else.
Finally one of the guys said, "Let's stop talking about and just do it." He rose up and began scanning the room as he put his shorts and T-shirt back on, feeling his pockets and looking around the floor.
Gina then mischievously said, "You're not getting the keys," as she jumped on the bed and pulled her T-shirt down to cover herself.
He immediately began laughing replying, "Ok, what did you do with them?"
Gina put her left hand behind her back acting as if she had them when he playfully knelt on the bed beside her, and jokingly began tickling her. As he did, I can't tell you what a maximum turn on it became watching Gina tightly clinching her legs together while raising her feet off the bed. As she did, it exposed her beautiful bare ass and pussy and I knew several of them had to see it from where they were sitting.
She kept repeating as she playfully shoved with her right hand and blocked his hands with her knees, "No you can't have them; you're going to thank me tomorrow. You can't have them, you're all too drunk."
After a short while watching, I became wildly turned on by it, eventually blurting, "I know how you can get the keys."
He turned and joking said out of breath, "Hurry, tell me please. God she's strong."
One third of my reply was the alcohol talking, while the other two thirds was my overwhelmingly intense fantasy speaking, when I uttered, "You're just not reaching in the right spots."
He quickly laughed saying almost out of breath, "I can't get to her hand, she's friggin strong as hell."
I then replied, not quite knowing how Gina would react, "Tickling won't get them, but groping might."
Gina's mouth dropped slightly as she replied with a half smile, "Oh, nice, Scott, you just told a guy to grope me. Do you want to see them drive like this?"
I slammed back the rest of my drink and said, "No, I just wanted to see him grope you."
It was obvious I had made her a little angry and knew she was more than buzzed. After staring at me for a reaction, she grabbed his hand and placed it on her breast, asking me "How's that, honey? Guess what? He still doesn't have the keys."
All but one of the guys began nervously laughing putting their shorts back on and gathering their things, with one chuckling as he exited the back door, "Hey if you get the keys and she doesn't kick the living shit out of you, we'll be back in the room, come get us."
The one inebriated guy, Brian, who stayed behind quickly began laughing telling his friend Stan, who by the way nervously still had his hand held to Gina's breast, "Um, I don't think the keys are on her boob. Ya might want to keep looking."
Now if you remember, Gina's entire mental makeup won't even allow for her to back down. Somewhere in her brain there is an executable file that reads, "Pissing_contest.exe/default/run/dam/the/consequences/."
Right or wrong, I began exploiting it to the fullest. However, I believe she comfortably knew that in most situations, especially one as taboo as this, I would back down eventually. As much as I love her, she's absolutely mental when trying to prove a point, and with the amount of alcohol she had consumed it was enhanced by a factor of ten, so either way, she was as likely to let him feel her entire body as she was to kick him across the room.
What she hadn't counted on however, was my ever growing erotic desire to escalate it into watching one or both guys put their hands on her. It kept running through my mind as my cock engorged.
My fantasy was progressing in leaps and bounds. Many times in the past I had fantasized about another man fucking her while I watched, but the timing and right series of events never ever fell into place. Oh, how they seemed to be at this very moment.
Just when she figured I was at my breaking point, I rose up and walked towards the bed. As I did, I walked to the opposite side of the young man knelt beside her and moved up towards her head.
As I walked, I could feel my half-swollen cock between my legs and managed to move in such a way that, thank God, it fell along the left side of my shorts. My mind began processing a million thoughts per second.
I began telling myself that there might never be the same combination of events ever again; I kept telling myself that no matter how many times I tried in the past to conjure events, I had never even got close. In seconds I convinced myself that the worst that would happen is that she would nix it at some point and at the very least I might witness some pretty erotic touching and feeling.
As I got to the top of her head, I playfully grabbed her arms pulling her left hand from behind her back and pinned both hands back to the mattress. She instantly said, "Ok, there, see I don't have your keys."
Her tone was a distinct combination of shock and, "Ok, joke's over."
As I held her arms down over her head I leaned down and kissed her saying, "Ok, where are the keys?"
I knew full well where they were, but she didn't know that. She just raised her eyebrows and said, "Both of you can get off me now, I'm not telling." Midway through her saying it, I playfully put both her arms between my legs and tightly held them. I then reached with my right hand and fumbled for a second between her legs, when after finding her pussy I quickly inserted my middle finger inside her.
She snapped her legs even more tightly together with my hand between them saying, "Damn it, Scott, stop, you're fucking drunk."
I leaned over her and began kissing her as she spoke. As we kissed she murmured asking, "Damn it, Scott, what the hell are you doing?"
I then removed my right hand from her crotch and pulled at the underside of her right thigh trying to spread her legs. She continued clenching her legs together, as this guy Stan, the one who was tickling her for his keys, began moving down toward her feet. As he got to her feet, he playfully put his hands on her knees as if trying to spread them.
This went on for about thirty seconds when I finally grabbed behind her ankles and pulled both her feet up towards me. As I did, he quickly stepped off the end of the bed, instantly throwing his shorts down, and climbed back on the bed. By this time it was plainly obvious what I was trying to make happen. Gina then looked into my eyes and said, "You need to stop, Scott, before we seriously annihilate a marriage vow."
His cock was completely erect standing straight up towards the ceiling and hard as a diamond. Being in his very early twenties it was obvious his cock was ready the instant a situation arose. I immediately noticed the large veins running in every direction down his solidly excited cock as he knelt on the foot of the bed. I also noticed his large set of nuts as his sack freed from between his legs.
This might seem too biological, but being that this was an absolute new situation, and the fact that I am a biology educator, I began thinking that they had no doubt been manufacturing as much sperm as they possibly could during this time of intense infatuation and ultimate sexual reality. His hands were actually trembling with anticipation.
Even though these events transpired in only seconds, I missed nothing. The one safe thought in the back of my mind was that I knew Gina could stop it at any moment, as we were both not fully holding her down. That actually drove me more erotically insane. The fact that she was only half heartedly struggling intensified the moment and, to me, green lit everything that was happening.
I continued holding my wrist behind her ankles and slightly pulling them towards me, when this young man leaned his chest against her feet and fumbled with his cock for a few seconds. Gina flinched for a split second as I was sure the head of his cock touched her pussy.
When Gina flinched and slightly pressed her feet against his chest pushing, he quickly raised back up as if wondering what to do next. As he leaned back off her feet slightly, I quickly noticed the head of his cock was glistening with Gina's vaginal juice and probably his own pre-seminal fluid. I'm sure he only slightly pushed the head of his cock against her before she flinched. The slight moment I fingered her, she was soaked.
I then moved my wrist from behind her ankles and put my hand between her thighs and began to apply pressure trying to suggest to her to spread her legs. As I did this guy put his hands on her knees and suggestively began pushing them apart as he leaned in.
As she leaned her head forward looking at him, Gina very lucidly and softly said, "Just come on my stomach or the sheets, not in me." It was at that instant, I knew I was about to witness the most erotic fantasy fulfillment of my life.
I knew there was no danger of her getting pregnant because of being on birth control, but I kind of reasoned that she might have said it because in some way, even though we were doing something so matrimonially taboo, she could at least tell herself that it wasn't the whole deed if she wasn't taking his sperm inside her.
I leaned down once again and began kissing her with my hand still between her half opened thighs. As I did, I began to feel her thighs tremble and very slowly relax, as she slowly spread them. I then gently pulled behind her right knee in an attempt to expose her crotch in the wildest, most sexually exposed way possible.
I could still feel slight yet controlled resistance from Gina, knowing she had reluctantly decided to take him inside her, and in some carnal way I was suggesting to her that the more she spread, the deeper she could take him.
I'm sure that only a small fraction of husbands who have ever had this fantasy are lucky enough to experience it, and in reality, most are probably more comfortable fantasizing about it than actually witnessing it. I must say that up to this very moment, I was one of those husbands who was more comfortable only fantasizing about it.
Believe me, when you have spent years fantasizing about it and finally gaze at another man's sexually aroused cock inches from your wife's vagina; you begin to really question whether you can go through with it.
Let's face it, willingly having the head of another man's cock positioned against your wife's cervix, in an act that will cause him to fill her vaginally with a few hundred million sperm, knowing she will be carrying his seed in her for days, is a mental bazooka. But again, this had escalated to the point that it was going to happen and I chalked it up to a simultaneous state of apprehension and want.
As I continued kissing her wildly, she suddenly exhaled and softly gasped into my face. It was intensely erotic as I smelled a combination of her cinnamon gum and a strong aroma of alcohol on her breath. I knew she had just felt the head of his cock breach her vaginal opening.
As we awkwardly and wildly kissed in a combination of her gasping and exhalation, I began to feel that he was no longer taking short thrusts, but had developed into harder and longer rhythmic thrusts. A few seconds into his forcefully thrusting his pelvis against hers, I leaned up to finally view what I had fantasized about all these years.
As I did, Gina continued to squeeze my hand and hold it to her face. As she held my hand tightly, with her eyes squeezed closed she repeatedly gasped, "Scott, he's going inside me, oh, my God, Scott, he's going inside me."
When I was completely raised up, I instantly noticed his soaked and glistening cock rhythmically sliding into her pussy. I was amazed with how wet his cock appeared. Even the front of his pubic hair was becoming wet with her vaginal fluid.
I couldn't take my eyes off of her crotch. When he was fully inside her, he would occasionally and very slowly raise his body on a back thrust. As he did, his cock would wildly stretch and spread the top of her pussy lips, making the sides of her pussy tightly bulge out and cling to his cock. I was still almost in denial that another man's unprotected cock was actually inside my wife.
As they fucked like this for a few minutes, he distinctly changed rhythm and began erratically thrusting, intensely gritting his teeth, moaning, and pulling at her ass. This went on for nearly twenty seconds more when he finally let out a roaring, almost possessed, "AAAAAHHHHHHH, FFFFFFFUUCK." As he did, he strained and violently slammed all the way inside Gina's pussy.
As he held this death lock inside her for at least five seconds, she instantly jerked up onto one elbow and gasped, "Not inside me..."
As she pressed against his chest and sharply gasped a few times, he sharply withdrew and a strong jet of semen shot onto Gina's stomach. Gina kept her hand on his chest as he leaned in grabbing his cock and squeezing it tightly.
There was no doubt in my mind that he had blown the first few shots of semen as deeply as he could into her pussy. He held the thrust too long. I knew the instant he shot the first jet of his seed inside Gina, her first gasp said it all. She closed her eyes tightly and probably didn't even know she did it, but she raised her ass up and thrust her pelvis against him just once before getting his attention and as she did she let out a moan I hadn't heard before, ever. It was as if the head of his cock spewed a shot of seed point blank into her cervical opening.
I was mesmerized.
Knowing full well that the first few shots violently shot into Gina's vagina, I then watched as he withdrew and bolted several thick gelatinous, milky streams onto her stomach.
As he continued straining and squeezing his cock, the jets of semen began to reduce to thick, dripping globs, which turned into him squeezing the last few lubricating drips onto her inner thigh. With the volume he put on her stomach and the force with which the semen shot from his cock, I couldn't imagine what the first few and most powerful jets must have felt like for her, point blank against her cervical opening.
Of all the things to remember, I knew full well; even when Gina was pushing against him when he first tensed up, telling him not to come inside her, she felt the first powerful thick jets of his seed explode inside her. It was unmistakable.
After he was completely spent, looking as if he might pass out, he slowly withdrew and fell onto the bed at Gina's right side. I was so utterly worked up watching, I instantly threw my shorts off and maneuvered between Gina's legs.
As I did, I immediately noticed a slight cloudy white stream of semen which had drained from her vagina down between her ass cheeks. The bottom of her vaginal opening was gaped about the circumference of a pencil with a translucent drain of his semen running from her vagina to a small puddle touching her ass and the sheet.
I could never fully describe in words how mind blowing it was; I took my middle and index finger and very slightly spread her inner vagina. When I did, I began to see his semen slowly pool in the glistening space I had created inside her.
Very soon after Stan realized I was going to fuck Gina, he went to the other bed and began to get dressed, saying nothing. His friend who had been there the entire time had already made his way over to the edge of the bed Gina and I were on, having thought it might be his time to capitalize.
He just knelt there holding his cock, and thank God Gina had her face towards the wall because I'm sure she might have reacted in such a way as to say, "One time okay, I did it, twice in the same night, with another guy, how about a divorce?"
I knew for certain he thought this was his open invitation, but it wasn't. Only half of me was even paying attention to him. I was still completely enthralled with what had just taken place and after witnessing the most erotic thing I thought possible, I was only thinking of positioning my cock and sliding the head of my cock inside her.
As the head of my cock got to her vaginal opening, I effortlessly leaned in and the warmth of her semen-filled vagina took my breath away. In an instant I felt her warmth all the way to my scrotum. She was so filled with his semen I found myself completely inside her simply leaning down to kiss her.
A dose of reality then jolted me, shouting the fact that the only time I had ever felt this exact same feeling was when I had come inside her. Only this time I knew that another man's semen and sperm were coursing through every inch of her vagina.
As I was completely engrossed watching my soaked cock very slowly and methodically going in and out of her pussy, Brian who had sat there quietly and witnessed the entire incident, slowly sat on the edge of the bed. In only a couple of seconds, he slowly began touching Gina's breast.
My mind was a twisted mess at this point, and I had enough erotic euphoria and semen built up to populate a new planet. Gina kept her face towards the wall as he cautiously and softly caressed her breasts. As I glanced from my cock to him caressing her breasts, I had to withdraw or I would have certainly come.
As I watched for a few more seconds, an insistent devil on my shoulder caused me to reach out and peck his shoulder. As I did, I quietly mouthed and motioned with my hand, "Fuck her."
Being yet another twenty-one year old young man, he rose from the bed and was ready before I even got it out of my mouth. The tip of his cock was smeared with what had to be his excitement having watched the most vivid sex act of his life.
The last thing I would ever want to do is take away from the actual account by sounding generically pornographic, but by my ignoring him from the onset, after having gotten between my wife's legs, I hadn't noticed his cock erect at this point.
He was the young man I had pointed out earlier in the evening, one of the ones who lost their underwear on a losing hand; the same one who had the half-erect very healthy sized cock.
It was painfully apparent by this time; he was at the very least an inch longer and perhaps an inch thicker than either me or the guy who had just fucked her. I debated for what seemed like an eternity whether to end it all right then and there, but didn't. The more I slowly thrust and watched him touch her breasts, the more I talked myself into wanting to watch him fuck her.
My fantasy then decided that I needed to see it. As I moved up alongside Gina, I didn't glance any longer; I fully looked at his cock. Without trying to bolster the events even in the slightest, he was as thick as Gina's forearm and perhaps eight inches. I immediately waved for him to wait as I began kissing Gina, again having an internal struggle that was absolutely wearing me out. I knew full well she hadn't seen his cock other than when he was half limp at the card table during the game and she had no idea what was about to happen.
I repeatedly asked myself if I really wanted her to feel the size of him, knowing that she would truly experience the feeling of a cock larger than mine.
Gina and I got married our sophomore year of college and over the years I've come to know her completely. She had intercourse twice before we married and it was so awkward to hear her tell it, it might not even be considered sex, and there was never a mention of a huge cock.
Still, my fantasy and hormones kept convincing me that the same coincidences may never fall in line in such a way ever again and that if I didn't go with it, then I'd forever wonder.
I absolutely convinced myself I had to know. I began kissing her as I fucked her, and then I just withdrew. As I withdrew, I reached between her legs and began to finger her.
As I did, she wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed in the most erotic sensual way I believe we ever had since knowing one another. After only ten seconds of this, I turned my head and began kissing her neck as I turned my head farther and removed my finger from her pussy.
For the last time I debated on whether I should allow him to fuck her or forever fantasize about it. I guarantee you without having an alcohol level such as mine and the volcanic testosterone pulsing through my veins, I would have made a very different decision.
One last time, I thrust my finger inside Gina when she sighed and thrust her hips against my hand, when BAM, it sealed my decision. I removed my finger from her pussy and immediately pointed to her crotch. After I did, this young man nodded at me, as I went back to kissing Gina and now feeling her breasts.
Even with my head turned from him, I knew he quickly moved between her legs and was awkwardly positioning himself. He didn't enter her straight off like I thought he might. Instead, he began fingering her unlike the first young men. This went on for a few minutes, with Gina sometimes moaning and moving her hips.
Just as I was contemplating turning and motioning for him to fuck her, both of Gina's hands moved and squeezed the side of my arms as her eyes popped wide open and her mouth flew open in a panicked gasp.
He didn't slowly or gently try to enter whatsoever. He thrust with his body weight and she took his entire cock within a second. As I turned sharply, I saw his pubic hair smashed completely against her.
She immediately raised her ass off the mattress placing a hand to his chest. I fully knew then she was aware she was being fucked by the other guy in the room. The look on her face said volumes as he held his cock all the way inside her.
At the same time though, I knew she hadn't seen or counted on what he was shoving inside her. As he finally began thrusting, she began slowly moving her hips in unison. A few times she pressed her hand to her stomach as if he was entering her too far.
In hindsight, I realized that there was no way she would have had the same experience if he had fucked her first. The fact that Stan had shot some of his semen inside her, made it possible for Brian to fuck her brains out, short-lived as it was.
Before I could even wrap my mind around the fact that he was stretching her pussy and entering depths she didn't know existed, and in a way she had only ever fantasized about, he shoved inside her and began jerking his entire body like having an epileptic seizure, when his eyes rolled back in his head as he moaned, "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH YYYEEEAAAHHHH... AAAAHHHH FFUUUCCKKKK."
As he convulsed and shoved his cock as far as he possibly could inside her, she screamed and instantly took her hands from my forearms and placed them behind her knees, pulling her legs up and outward as far as she could spread them, as if trying to insure she could take his sperm as deeply as possible.
After only a few seconds into his exploding inside her, it was obvious he couldn't and wouldn't pull out; I knew he heard Gina tell Stan to pull out, but with how she was spreading and screaming, it wasn't humanly possible.
As he jerked and held his thrust inside her, I noticed that Gina took her hands from behind her knees and grabbed the top of his thighs digging her fingernails into his skin.
I then rose up sharply as if desperately wanting him to stop flooding her with his semen.
I hoped she might think something was wrong and end it, but as I sprang up and walked to the foot of the bed, she spread her legs and forcefully pulled at his ass trying to get him as deep inside her as she possibly could.
There will never be a sight as wild as that in my life, of that I'm sure. The sight of her beautiful tanned hands on his white ass, the sight of her wedding rings on his ass, watching as his cock unbelievably spread and delivered massive amounts of sperm into her pussy, her gorgeous tanned feet and red toenail polish pushing onto the mattress and pulling at the back of his thighs... No words could ever completely do it.
It was almost like an out-of-body experience as I watched his scrotum smash against her semen greased pussy and ass, with his nuts clenched up into his sack. Since it was absolutely my doing, I just turned up the bottle of rum, and in my mesmerized state, watched the half inch space between his ass and nuts pulse rhythmically as she violently spread and took his semen.
By this time, I was somewhere between a nervous breakdown and the most sexually erotic experience of my life.
As he completely finished, he began apologizing almost as if he had done something wrong saying, "Oh, shit, oh, fuck, I'm sorry."
After coming back to reality, Gina and I were both caught off guard by it, as we both immediately said, "Relax, it's okay, it's okay."
I immediately realized as did Gina that being a stellar student, probably never trying anything risky in his entire life, he probably thought he had just been part of what is so often covered in the media, a forced sexual incident. We immediately began telling him it was okay, and that it simply happened.
Gina kind of blew my mind when she began saying, "You're not in trouble. You are twenty-one and I am thirty-seven, we are consenting adults who just had intercourse, just relax. You came in me because I let you." As soon as she said it he recovered quickly from his panic and sat on the bed.
I realize this will be considered shallow given what was going on at the time, but during this young man's consoling, I was drawn to my wife's pussy. As she leaned up on her right elbow, a load of his semen pushed out of her vagina, and as she rolled to her side, it smashed between her legs and ass, with most of it sliding down the back of her upper thigh.
She very nonchalantly grabbed the sheet and scooted it between her legs to soak it up. As she continued speaking to him in a reassuring way, I could see occasionally, as she would move or scoot up more on her elbow, more of his of semen would push out and leak from her. There was a puddle of semen on the sheets that had leaked from her and she was completely oblivious to it.
We continued this reassuring speech with him for a few minutes, when he began to put his shorts back on and regain his dignity by saying, "Thank you for having me here tonight. Mrs. Arnett, I don't know what to say other than, thank you. I'm going now, thank you, I'm sorry, yes, thanks, thank you. I'm sorry if I... thank you... Bye."
Just as soon as he walked out the door, Gina looked at me and rolled her eyes as she fell to her back onto the bed and said in a joking voice pressing her hands tightly to her eyes "Oh, that was some wholesome family fun." She then looked at me and very calmly asked, "It wasn't what you expected was it?" Before I could answer she continued, "It certainly wasn't what I expected."
I quickly replied, "Yes and no. I'm still taking it all in."
"What about me?" she chuckled sarcastically. "When did our vacation become this fuck my wife thing, and what fucking part of don't come inside me did he not understand?"
I then mischievously asked, "You do know the first guy came a little in you too, don't you?"
She then rubbed her face again pausing for a second as she began staring at the ceiling when she said, "I think that's a no shit... I felt it."
Out of pure curiosity and the fact that I wasn't even in my right mind, I asked, "How did you know?"
She hesitated for a second as she put her hair behind her ears and chuckled, "Gosh, Scott, stop playing like you didn't know."
I again replied, "Yes, but how did you know?"
She got a half smile and stared at me for a few seconds when she said, "Oh, my God, Scott, you're so morbid about it. Okay, one second he was straining and the next I felt his penis jerk inside me. I don't know... I guess it felt something like... if a condom full of warm liquid burst inside me. That's the closest I can describe it. Okay?"
She continued staring at me when she got a huge grin and said, "Geez, I really can't believe you really enjoyed that. What on earth makes a man want to see his wife being fucked by another man?"
As she was asking it, I didn't have a definitive answer whatsoever, I only replied "No clue, I guess some do, and I just confirmed I'm one of them."
She kind of shook her head smiling, rose up, grabbed her PJs from the top of the dresser, and told me she was taking a shower, that I need not think I was going to pursue the experience, explaining that she felt like a slut and wanted to simply shower and come to bed.
I respected that out of pure fear that if pushed it may never happen again, and if my dumb ass didn't keep cool, I could end up trying to explain this to a divorce attorney. This was such uncharted territory for both of us; we neither fully absorbed it at this point.
Actually, I figured at this point I had been lucky she hadn't freaked completely, and cut our vacation short with a scene I'd never forget. I continued reasoning "What woman wouldn't want to try it; having a husband that got excited over such a thing," but again, pushing anything at this point, not fully knowing what she might do, was ludicrous.
She later came to bed pretending as much as she could that it never happened. I simply rolled and snuggled up with her, thinking that any attempt at this point to go sexual could, and more likely would, erupt in her having a moment of reality telling me what a piece of shit I was, especially given the fact that she didn't utter a word as she crawled into bed.
Besides, her face plainly said it all as she exited the bathroom, "I just got fucked by two guys, almost half my age, my husband wanted it, and I don't remember that being in my marriage vows."
I woke throughout the night thinking about it and carefully jacking off at times not to wake her, still not knowing how she would wake after what had happened.
As it turned out, we woke to much the same morning as always, starting our late 11:30 A.M. morning by the pool. We neither one mentioned what had happened; I think trying to pretend it didn't.
We were the first ones out there for while, having an odd moment of blissful peace as we smelled the ocean air, felt the slight breeze, and occasionally held hands in obscure chitchat.
As the sun got to full force, and folks began emerging from their rooms we began drinking somewhat. And when I say somewhat, we both decided that if what made us feel so much like shit, actually made us feel so much like shit, well then maybe the laws of the universe might dictate that that it might make us feel better if we partook of more.
After several trips back to the room for drinks and to cool off, she said, "If I even suspect that they told their friends and I somehow get targeted as the easy motel slut, we're out of here." That was the absolute first mention of it, but I had been preparing myself all morning, knowing it was coming. It had to.
I blindly replied, and honestly having no idea how they would play it, "They'd be nuts to say a word considering what happened, and how it happened. They were both a little shook up and scared by the incident. I wouldn't worry about it."
She simply replied, "We'll see, but I'm serious."
At around 2:00 P.M., one of the guys emerged from his room and walked out to the pool. He immediately saw us and proceeded toward us. He began to scoot a lounge chair up beside us and, almost in a whisper, began saying, "I'm so sorry if things got carried away last night. I spoke to Stan and we'd like to keep this on the down low if possible. We've had time to think about it and it almost seemed like we were forcing ourselves on the situation, and that scared us a bit afterwards."
I could see the relief melt onto Gina's face. I'm sure she thought they both would tell everyone they were there with, and actually so did I. She quickly said, "Don't worry about how things happened or what happened. It just happened. It's all ok, and I agree with keeping it quiet. It was very mature of you to tell us that though." She then hugged him and thanked him again.
Later in the afternoon, the other fellow came telling us much the same thing. After hearing both say such welcome words, Gina finally began having a vacation attitude again.
We all sat there drinking and talking up a storm for hours. At one point Gina said, "Hey we're going to clean up on some crab legs later at The Crab Shack, maybe you guys can tag along." Her attitude said it all; their stock went up one-hundred percent when she realized they actually hadn't mentioned a word to anyone about the previous night.
They immediately replied, "Oh, hell yes, we've been there twice and it's worth the cash."
As we continued sitting there baking in the sun and periodically jumping in the pool, it was approaching 6:00 P.M. when Gina said "Okay, I'm done with the sun. If we are going to do this, we have to get ready. Come over to the room at 7:00 P.M., and we'll all leave from there." I could still tell she was elated that they hadn't told a soul.
They both emphatically thanked us for being so cool, and agreed instantly that they would be at the room at seven sharp.
After being in the room for a half hour or so, watching Gina prance around in a wrapped up towel after her quick shower, polishing her toenails on her simply gorgeous tanned cute feet, standing naked putting on her panties, along with her very teasing sun-dress, and unbelievably sexy, slip-on, five-inch heels, I became aroused more than anyone knows.
Once during this time, she leaned over and picked up a bottle of polish she had dropped on her way back to the bathroom, and the beautiful crotch of her baby blue panties was exposed vividly, tightly pressed against her pussy. It was breathtaking.
Funny thing though, she wasn't even close to ready by around 6:30 P.M. Knowing this could be a while, I began making us drinks. I purposely poured hers extremely strong thinking that if there was any shot whatsoever of having lightning strike twice, I had to use everything in the arsenal.
Several times she made a horrid face when she took a drink, saying "What the hell did you make me? Is there any juice in here at all?" We had slowly drunk mixed drinks all day long, but the ones I was now making were damn near straight liquor.
In retrospect I can say that alcohol should never be the main catalyst for such an event. However, I found myself consistently reconciling my moral position by telling myself that it was in every way impossible without it. I'm sure I'm not alone with anyone who has ever experienced such an impromptu event.
The guys ended up calling the room at ten minutes till, telling us they were running late because one of the guys they were with had their credit card and that they would be there no later than 7:30 P.M., apologizing and begging us to wait.
We told them we would wait, but Gina insisted they needed to hurry since she was now ready. They finally knocked on the door a few minutes before promised and seemed out of breath as if they had run to the room. Gina was in the bathroom when they arrived primping and such, but heard them come in.
Both immediately saw me drinking my drink when they asked, "Do you think we could have one of those? Everyone we are here with has sponged and drunk everything we've bought."
I told them to pour whatever they wanted.
Gina at this point had disappeared once again into the bathroom, as she began taking off her fingernail and toenail polish. She was fanatical about matching polish. She told us several times, "Hang in there, I'll be quick."
To me, I knew that meant ten minutes tops. They both were already feeling no pain, but I continued allowing them to partake of our alcohol, and they did big time. At one point Stan mixed a drink and walked to the bathroom, and just reached his arm in the closed door, saying, "Here, polishing your toenails can be a stressful thing I've been told you might need a drink."
They both giggled when and said, "What a gentleman, now go." It was almost as if everyone, including these young men, was trying to forget the previous night had ever occurred, or at least pretending to.
A couple of times Gina came out and grabbed another color of polish making a playful face at us as if to say, "Kiss my butt, I need my perfect color." Let me tell you, when she pranced out with her beautiful dress three-fourths up her beautifully tanned thighs, with it perfectly hugging her ass, everyone went silent.
She was stunning. There was no shred of doubt in my mind that they were immeasurably turned on by her being the sexiest older woman they had ever met, but most assuredly they were more turned on by the fact that they had both fucked her less than twenty-four hours before.
The ten minutes I suspected she would be tweaking her nail polish turned into more like forty minutes, especially now that she was talking to her mother on her cell phone. Gina, even while speaking to her mother, at one point said, "I'm out, bring me another."
The two guys almost fought to see which one could take her another drink first, when one spilled half the one he was carrying just taking it to the bathroom, while the other spilled half his reaching it in the door.
Gina finally came out after hanging up with her mother. I could tell she was as bubbly as ever and in a great mood as she said, "Oh, I see you hogs forgot about me again and decided to drink without me."
They both again began making her a drink as she smiled at me with a wrinkled nose as if she had two slaves. One of the guys then began to say, "We should actually wait until about 10:00 P.M., because you are sitting elbow to elbow with people before then. You'll have to wait for a half hour to get a refill on the crab plate."
Gina got a bummed look as she heard that and began saying, "We need to slow down on our drinking or we'll be crawling in that place." As she said it, she took a huge drink of her "Cape-Codder." We all began razzing her telling her to practice what she preached.
Around 10:30 P.M., and after lots of playful banter back and forth about who was drinking too much, one of the young men said, "We better be careful or we might find ourselves in the same situation as last night."
Gina was taking a huge gulp as he said it straight at me replying, "You realize that's not happening again; is it, Scott?"
I quickly began pouring myself another drink snidely replying, "Not until after we have some crab legs."
They both began whooping, "Oh, no, you are in trrrr-oooub-llll... Oh, damn, dude; you're so in for it... Hey, we didn't say a thing about it, it was all Scott. We are being perfect gentlemen."
At this point Gina gave a straight-faced grin and said, "Let's just go for crying out loud."
We all began taking our last gulps when, as Gina passed by me for the door, I grabbed her and slowly spun her towards me holding her ass, and began kissing her. She returned the kiss for a few seconds and then broke it off saying, "Ok, let's go already."
I once again pulled her to me and began kissing her while Stan walked past us and got the door. In a giggling pulling motion, she began backing towards the door murmuring as we kissed, "Let's go already..."
To my amazement, and I'm sure Gina's as well, Stan, as he held the door open leaning his back against it, reached and pulled up the back of her dress. I already had it halfway up her ass, as he slid his hand under the back of her panties.
Out of the corner of my eye, I watched him do it and immediately moved my hands to her hips. We stood there for a few seconds as he squeezed her ass cheek, when she said laughing, yet straight faced, "Are we fucking leaving yet?"
We finally left the room, but I continued pulling at her and kissing her as we walked. She grinned as we walked as if to tell me, "Not going to happen." As we did, Stan began playfully pulling up the back of her dress feeling her ass under her dress as we walked toward the car. Just before getting to the foyer leaving the hallway leading to the parking lot, I pulled her into a nook where the ice and snack machines were. Stan was with the two of us the entire time feeling her ass.
As I did, she got a very somber look and said, "Scott, not now." She then said plainly, "I'll think about it later."
I then began grabbing the sides of her panties, and had slid them down to her knees in only seconds. She held to the top of them momentarily, but, as Stan put his hand between her legs and began fingering her, she released them and whispered, "You've got to be kidding me... Here?"
There we were in this blinking fluorescent lit vending machine nook. It smelled like a combination of suntan lotion and urine, almost as if several drunks chose this spot as their restroom nights earlier. It's amazing what one's mind records in a moment such as this.
To me the fact that it was actually happening again, made where it was happening a distant second on the list of things. As Stan fingered her standing on her left side, I lifted her and sat her ass on the edge of this small counter she was leaning against. As I did, I managed to lift her legs slightly and removed her panties.
Stan almost instinctively knew what I was doing and moved between her legs as he hurriedly pushed his shorts down. As he began kissing her and getting his shorts down low enough to free his cock, she murmured as they kissed, "Let's at least go to the room."
Just as the last syllable left her lips, he positioned and thrust the head of his cock about an inch and a half inside her pussy. He stopped kissing her and leaned back for more leverage and began forcefully getting an inch deeper with every thrust. Only a few seconds into this, she pushed at his chest and hopped off the counter saying, "Am I the only one who has any sense here?"
She then picked up her panties and briskly walked out of the nook past Brian, standing by the entrance of the nook watching in awe, and hung a right. We quickly followed into the hallway. As she walked down the hall back towards the room, she turned and asked very sarcastically, "Are you all coming, or should we do it out in the middle of the street? Would that be better?"
After getting back to the room, no one uttered a word; she simply grabbed the bottom of her sundress and lifted it over her head, and pulled Stan down on the bed as she fell to her back. Stan began removing his shorts in a panic as he kicked them off the foot of the bed. As they began to kiss, he went to position himself to enter her when I watched her reach between her legs and grab his cock. She placed him perfectly between her pussy lips and he thrust gently.
As he gently thrust, Gina spread her legs in the wildest way I had ever seen. She grabbed her knees spreading and pulling them upwards as far as she could. The view of his cock entering her watching his nuts get closer and closer to her ass was a mind-altering experience. I think it was at this very moment that I fully realized how incredibly lucky I was. You have no idea how sexy your wife is until another man is fucking her.
This was light years beyond the basic fantasy I imagined all these years. As much as one fantasizes about such a thing, the very sight of seeing your wife's pussy tightly wrapped around another man's cock, watching it become soaked with her vaginal juice, as he thrusts his entire length inside her, is beyond words.
As they continued to fuck wildly, I poured myself a drink. My hand nervously trembled with excitement when I noticee Brian taking off his T-shirt and shorts. Now granted, she had already fucked them both, but having both of them on her at once was not even in my wildest equation. In fact, I almost told him not to as he undressed.
I quickly thought that might cross into something that would cause her to end the entire thing. I had no idea where she drew the line. The line had become so blurred at this point, I stopped guessing.
Brian got to the edge of the bed, knelt on the floor beside the bed, and began kissing Gina and feeling her breasts. It was at that moment I began to think there was no line to cross.
I then sat in a chair diagonal from them and began taking my shorts off. I slowly began stroking my cock as I watched these two young men completely have her.
After not more than thirty seconds into Brian kissing her and feeling her breasts, he rose up and leaned his cock toward her face. Gina instantly took hold of it with her right hand, pushing it away from her cheek. She continued to hold it, but kept her face looking straight at Stan as he hammered her pussy.
As she held Brian's cock, she glanced at me for a second and gave a mouth wide open yelping gasp and a half smile. She knew full well I was in erotic bliss as I stroked my cock. She then slowly turned her face to Brian's cock as she gasped and her body violently jolted. She began to gently put her lips over the head of his cock, just holding it in her mouth.
As she did, Stan slammed a forceful thrust inside her pussy. She instantly threw her mouth wide open in a gasp. While her mouth was open gasping, I plainly saw streams of his pre-come stretched between her lips with a clear sticky stream connected from the corner of her mouth to the head of his cock.
As she turned back and put her lips over the head of Brian's cock, he began slowly thrusting inside her mouth. She was exhaling and moaning through her nose in the most erotic way imaginable. After a few minutes of this, Stan began straining in that very familiar way I had seen before. As he slammed violently the last few times, he crushed his entire body weight against her as he began flexing his ass and moaning like he had lost his mind.
Gina instantly removed Brian's cock from her mouth continuing to hold it and arched her head back into the mattress. As I mentioned before Stan was the young man who had the unusually thick cock, and he was making it count as he shot his seed as deeply as he could inside her vagina. As he flexed his ass and raised his body, his cock wildly stretched Gina's pussy. Every time he would flex his ass and give a jerking thrust, his nuts would draw high up in his scrotum.
I was mesmerized as I watched. Gina's entire crotch was greased with a cocktail of both their sexual fluids. Around ten seconds into his explosive insemination, I noticed a film of semen accumulating at the bottom of her stretched pussy. As it built up, I began to notice it sticking between his nuts and her pussy. There's no porn or sexual material on earth that would compare to what I was seeing.
After a couple of minutes of what seemed like he was trying to squeeze that last swimming sperm in his cock directly into her uterus, he slowly caught his breath and watched his cock as he slowly withdrew it from her pussy. When the head of his cock finally exited, Gina's pussy quickly drew back together as a plug of his semen leaked from her and slowly drained down the middle of her ass.
As he walked towards the bathroom, I walked over and stuck index and middle fingers into her pussy and pressed down and slightly spread my fingers. As I did, the sight of the thick semen pool inside her was intoxicating.
As I pulled my fingers from her, I leaned in and effortlessly slid the entire length of my cock inside her. The sounds and the feeling of how soaked she was blew my mind. My pubic hair and nuts were a sloppy mess within seconds. As I slowly fucked her and watched Brian methodically thrust his cock in Gina's mouth, I knew I couldn't last long.
As I continued slowly thrusting and pressing with all my strength against her, Brian let out an "AAAHHHH FFFUCK, AAAAHHHH FFFFUCK, OOOHHHH MYYY GODDD."
I stopped thrusting completely as I watched. He was freakishly rigid as I watched his cock move and pulse inside Gina's mouth. I was almost in an out-of-body experience as I watched him shoot his semen into her mouth. He jerked his body as he arched his back and moaned like wild. I could see Gina holding the back of his cock to keep him from thrusting it in too far.
I thought at any second she would either gag or spit it onto the sheet. He stayed bone crushingly tense like this for at least a minute, when he began panting in almost a sense of relief. I closely watched Gina in utter wonderment as to what she would do with the semen. He had been shooting it in her mouth for at least a minute and she was just holding it in her mouth as he ejaculated.
When he was without a doubt completely finished he, at a snails pace, slowly jerked and gasped as he began to withdraw from her mouth. As he did Gina's lips slid down and closed at the tip of his cock, and I watched as a thin thread of his semen stuck to her lips. She then winced her face almost as if taking a shot of one-hundred ninety proof liquor and swallowed. As she swallowed, a small leak of semen oozed from the corner of her mouth. She immediately gasped and dropped her head to the mattress. The scent of semen she exhaled towards me was something I'll never forget.
After witnessing this scene, I must have only thrust four or five times, when the pent up testosterone in me surged to my entire midsection. I thought the head of my cock would blast apart as it exploded a bolting jet of seed into the deepest realm of her vaginal canal. It was bar none the strongest ejaculation I had ever had in my entire life. I pushed her knees up to her shoulders as if trying to get my sperm deeper than the billions of sperm already coursing inside her.
I think I would have stayed ultimately thrust inside her for a half hour, but after several minutes, she said in a whispering giggle, "My God, Scott, I can't believe what this has done to you." She knew I just had the most intense orgasm of my life.
After she said it, I slowly withdrew and watched my semen mixed with Stan's leak from her. I didn't get to enjoy that part for long though. After twenty seconds of catching her breath, she grabbed the sheet and wiped her crotch.
After she composed herself, we all sat around talking about any subject other than what had just happened. There was no doubt we were all in utter shock, and trying to come to grips with it. I know for a fact that my mouth was small talking and engaging in conversation, but the recent images of what had taken place were burned into my mind, and I was so undeniably and erotically still worked up over it. It was reminiscent of the first time ever having sex, only much more powerful.
After about an hour of chitchatting, we once again found ourselves in an entangled sexual encounter, taking turns with Gina. We all three fucked her pussy and her mouth until around 6:00 A.M. At that point we all nearly passed out from exhaustion and sexual overload.
We all slept until around 2:00 P.M. and, after we all awoke, fucking Gina was at anyone's whim. There was no more coaxing the moment whatsoever. We didn't leave the room for the last two days of our vacation.
It was nothing for me to walk to the bathroom, and upon my return see one of the young men behind Gina slamming his cock inside her.
The last couple of days, we all stayed in a sexually intrinsic mindset, becoming sexual recluses as we stayed in the room, only leaving a few times. We ordered out, didn't answer the door for the maid service; we just stayed in the room having sex with her. By this time Gina knew, as did I, that every one of their friends knew what was going on. That was perfectly fine by me, Stan, and Brian. I was in absolute wonderment with how Gina became so into being fucked. It became very obvious that she loved me watching her repeatedly fuck.
You would think at some point one of us would have gotten tired of our sexual awakening experience, but we didn't, not even close as I saw it.
We slept, we ate when we were hungry, we watched TV, etc., but we mostly fucked my wife Gina in every way imaginable. It's hard to describe how one minute we were watching TV with one of the young men lying behind her on the couch and right out of the blue he would nonchalantly shove his cock into her pussy.
It became such a non-issue after a while. In fact, several times as I watched them keep their cock inside her after they delivered their load into her pussy, they would just continue lying there watching TV or continuing a conversation like it was the most natural thing in the world.
I always glanced as I watched their cock slowly deflate. I became so insanely turned on as their cock would slowly slide out of her. It was almost like a fat greased and slimy slug very slowly exiting her vagina. It was surreal watching their semen leak from her pussy with the head of their soaked cocks still semen greased and resting at the entrance of her pussy lips.
At one point Gina said she was tired of everyone having an orgasm and bringing her close when suddenly it was over.
Knowing, almost as if reading her mind I replied, "Why don't you use your toy?"
She acted shy about it, saying "Oh, my God, not in front of you guys." I knew full well why she brought up an orgasm and also knew that her toy was her only guaranteed way. After several minutes, she finally said, "Okay, but not in front of you all."
We all three began practically begging her, when finally she replied, "I'm only going to try it, but if I feel weirder than I already do, I don't want to hear a peep about it if I have to go into the bedroom and do it by myself."
We all chuckled and began encouraging her, finally agreeing that if she was uncomfortable with it, we wouldn't say a word if she stopped. Gina reluctantly left the room turning to us several times as she did saying, "I don't want anyone to look until I'm comfortable."
We all replied, "No problem, absolutely, you got it." I had no idea what to expect, but knew full well the only time I've seen her squirt wildly was with the use of this massager. Hell, this had already gone so far past my original fantasy; no words can truly describe it. Gina finally rounded the corner of the bedroom door, and within a couple of minutes exited with her toy.
Her toy wasn't at all some big obnoxious dildo. It was actually a small five inch long rather thin massager, which she knew exactly how to hold, exactly where to place, and exactly when she was ready to gush. Now when I say gush, remember who was in the room. I had seen her orgasm many times, and knew that when she has enough time and enough stimulation, she can wet the sheet around her pretty ass. But keep in mind, these two young men, both seniors in college, had no doubt never seen such a thing. I kept telling myself, "I'd be surprised if she did it all the way, quite surprised."
I could tell she was starting to become a bit embarrassed and having second thoughts as she put it under her leg and sat on it, saying "There's no way," as she gave her beautiful laughing grin.
Surprisingly, both young men said, "Hey if you don't want to, no problem. If you do, we won't look. We only want you to have an orgasm since we haven't been able to give you one." Somehow those comments made Gina begin to feel as if she should apologize to them. I think she felt it would scar them for life if she insinuated that they were the only two men on earth that never made her orgasm.
She immediately replied, "Listen, women are far different from men in that respect. Men can have an orgasm almost on command; women have to have a bit more stimulation and not just any stimulation. It has to be damn near in the perfect spot for the right amount of time. We got cheated."
They both chuckled and hung on her every word. After Gina saved their confidence, she scooted further up on the bed. I sat on the loveseat at the foot of the bed. Stan was lying on his right side with just a T-shirt on and Brian on his left with nothing on. Gina sat at the foot of the bed between them turned to her right side as she spoke to them.
Just as I figured she would tell them to move to the other bed, She said "Okay turn away" looking at me with a grinning expression as if to say, "I can't even believe what we are doing." Again, this was so far beyond my original expectations, if a meteor crashed into the pool, I would have probably sat perfectly still.
They immediately turned away as she turned it on. It was extremely quiet. Both of them asked if she had started, and she only said, "Be quiet, yes." They held to their promise, not looking. I did notice immediately Stan began stroking his cock as he rolled away from her. As mentioned before, Stan was the young man with the larger than normal cock, thicker than either mine or Brian's by far.
Gina looked at me several times in the beginning as she began placing her toy at her clitoris, but as she always did, she began biting her bottom lip in intense concentration. I slowly began stroking my half limp cock as I watched. Stan continued stroking his too, but being twenty-one was hard three seconds after she started.
The reason I thought she wouldn't go through with it is because I didn't think they could keep their cool long enough for her to even get close. Amazingly though, they stayed with their backs to her. She began moaning and really getting into it as if we were at home. After at least five minutes, she began raising her hips and thrusting it inside her and quickly bringing it back out, slamming her legs together, and holding it to her clit.
This went on for about three more minutes when Stan rolled to his back. By this time Gina was in a focused trance and didn't even care that he was looking. I could tell that it was the most mind-blowing experience of his life as he watched her clench her legs and quake as the stimulation sent sexual electricity through her body. Not more than a minute of his rolling onto his back, he continued stroking with his left hand and placed his right hand on her inner thigh. She instantly turned her head when they began a wild erotic episode of kissing. He quickly leaned up on his right elbow and began kissing her neck and breasts.
She was so close to gushing; I knew he was going to absolutely blow it. However after less than a minute of him kissing her neck and breasts, she frantically threw the toy to the foot of the bed and pulled at his side. Within three seconds he rolled between her legs and she began positioning him inside her as she arched her back.
He violently slammed inside her as his scrotum smacked against her ass. She instantly let out a scream unlike anything I had ever heard. Brian rolled off the other side of the bed and jumped up, practically falling to the other bed. Gina was in a state I had never seen before.
She had her hands on Stan's ass, and was spread eagle with her knees bent up almost to his arm pits. His pelvis was slapping so forcefully against her beautiful ass. Every third or forth thrust they would grind with him fully inside her. It was breathtaking watching his thick cock stretch her pussy as they squished their genitals together, between the greased mess between her thighs and crotch.
After about a minute into this, she tightly held one of his thrusts, digging her fingernails into his ass cheeks, she began moving her ass and hips in the most animalistic way imaginable. As she did, she began moaning in a way that freaked me out completely uttering, "DON"T MOVE... AAAHHHH GGODD... DON"T MOVE... AAHHHOOOHH MY GGODDD."
At the end of her last forceful moan, I watched the space between her ass and pussy begin to rythmetically pulse. They both remained absolutely still for at least ten seconds as she entered a backbreaking orgasm.
There was no way to count, but it seemed like after perhaps the fourth or fifth time her vagina constricted in orgasm, vaginal liquid began seeping from her and running down her ass. With her ass slightly off the bed, it ran down to the back of her ass and to the sheet. As it did, it would drain in a small stream off the middle of her ass cheeks close to perhaps her tailbone, and then quickly drip, instantly it would run more, and then quickly drip again in perhaps a one second rhythmic pulse.
After ten seconds or so of her orgasm, she began moving her ass and he began moving his cock inside wildly, but with almost no thrust. He kept doing this for about twenty more seconds when he ground out several forceful hip movements and practically yelled, "AAAAHHHHH YEEEAAAAA, AAAHHH FFFUUUCKK YEAHHH."
They slowly ground their genitals together in this sticky seminal and vaginal cocktail, as he flooded her with his seed. If I had even touched my cock at this point, I would have made a colossal mess. I just watched in awe. They remained in this sexual trance-like state, clenched together as if trying to insure she was fully impregnated.
A while after he completely stopped shooting his come in her, he finally began to remove his cock. Gina quickly grabbed his ass and said, "No please, just lie on me for a second." Although she was at the end of her quaking orgasm, she was still extremely sensitive, and wanted to keep him inside her until it was ultimately over.
Several minutes later, and after they began finally talking, he slowly leaned to his left and his half limp cock exited her. As she remained slightly gaped open, his thick load slowly built at the bottom of her vagina and drained down her ass.
She lay there for about a minute with her feet up and knees bent rubbing her hands over her eyes, when Brian began to move over to the bed. I'd like to say that she fucked him too, but she quickly said, "No, not now. Not now, maybe later."
Stan and Brian both began saying they needed to go get a change of clothes, but would be back. Gina just kind of waved as if exhausted beyond belief. She just collapsed onto her back, and pulled the bedspread over her saying, "I absolutely have to take a nap. Can you please keep them outside for a couple of hours, or lock the door so I can sleep?"
I quickly replied that I would and went through the front door on my way to the car to grab my wallet I had locked in the glove box. I got back to the room and slowly crept by her as I walked out to the back porch. To my relief, as I too by this time was tired but not exhausted, found that the pool area was practically deserted.
Stan and Brian came out of their room about ten minutes later, but shouted to me that they were going to grab a bite asking me if we wanted anything. I told them no as they waved and said they would be back.
I don't really know how long I lay there before falling asleep in the lounge chair, perhaps ten minutes, but began hearing Gina speaking in a low tone. The suite's sliding glass door to the porch from the living room was very hard to completely close, so if in a hurry or if just lazy like I had been at the time, it usually remained open about an inch or two.
I wasn't sure if she was talking in her sleep or what, but rose from my chair and walked to the crack in the door. As soon as I put my face up to it, I saw one of Stan and Brian's friends lying beside Gina on his left side with his back facing me.
From all that had taken place over the last couple of days, I was what you might call addicted, so I was always ready to watch her fuck. However, this time I thought I might watch and not let her know I was watching. It was almost a heightened turn on knowing she didn't know anyone was watching. I quickly left the living room porch and made my way out around the landscaping to the bedroom sliding glass door.
As I got to them, I very cautiously opened it. It must have taken me thirty seconds to open, because it sounded like there was sand in the tracks, and made a loud racket if you slung it opened. After getting in the room, I walked to the door of the bedroom, and by this time, Gina had her legs pressed together and he was practically leaning against her knees begging her to let him play with her.
I could tell instantly that Gina was way more in the sleep mood than the fool around mood, and this would be the first time I hadn't been right there, which I'm sure to her made it a different thing altogether. I suppose there's a fine line between fucking with your husband watching and loving it, and fucking someone without him knowing.
She continued insisting that he needed to leave and he kept pulling his swimming trunks down. After a few more seconds, his swimming trunks were down to his ankles, as Gina continued holding his hands from getting to her crotch. It was very benign in that I knew she was okay, and completely in control.
Just as soon as I thought he had given up, he rather forcefully began pushing Gina's legs apart, as she sternly began saying, "I told you this isn't happening, so you can stop."
As she was saying it, he forcefully spread her legs almost as if not playing any more, and leaned on top of her. In a millisecond, I saw him position and shove himself against her. I came from around the door and just before entering the room, Gina let out a moan and went completely spread eagle.
He was thrusting and slapping his body into hers and, as he was frantically fucking her, I kept noticing Gina look towards the sliding glass door leading to the porch off the living room that she knew I had originally left.
As he fucked her insanely, she began gasping, "Hurry and come." I knew she was frantically trying to get him to ejaculate quickly, not wanting me to walk through the door she continued glancing at. After thirty seconds or so, she began pulling at his ass and moving her ass in unison with his, repeating, "I want you to come in me, come in me, OOHHH FUCK YES, come in me."
This must have triggered what Gina was trying to get him to do, because within ten seconds, he slammed into her and began to ejaculate deep inside her. He strained and shot every drop of sperm he possibly could for around half a minute, when Gina immediately said, "Ok, you're done, now go. If you tell a soul about this, I'll say you forced me, and it'll be your ass."
I guess after he came, finally coming to his senses, he began profusely apologizing thinking he completely overstepped his bounds, which he did in one way and didn't in another, if that makes any sense at all. I knew for a fact that she could have kicked him through the wall if necessary.
I came so very intensely on the floor as I watched him flood her, more than the other times up to this point. In a new and bizarre way, it blew my mind more than if she had known, or if I had been sitting there with it completely planned.
I never told her I watched it, but she later told me about it, but left out a great many details. I was in no position to judge considering I had basically coaxed her into any and all of it from the start. I was basically responsible for another guy even touching her. Besides she would have probably slapped the nose off my face if she knew I watched the entire thing and didn't walk into the room and throw him out, before it became intercourse.
Stan and Brian eventually came back and we all small talked for a while, relaxing and not doing much of anything. As the night progressed though, we all found ourselves between her legs and doing things married couples aren't at all supposed to do. I did notice that Stan by this time had become completely infatuated with Gina. I think he fell in love with her over the course of the unbelievable last days.
I began to notice that Gina was acting odd about it too. I had thought about it for a few hours off and on when I realized that I should announce that it was over. I figured I would say that it was a once in a lifetime experience for everyone, Gina and I included, but it's over. I finally asked them to take off so Gina and I could have some time together, and they were very understanding about it.
As they left I looked at Gina as she was giving me a very concerned look not knowing what insane thing I was about drop on here now, and asked, "Why don't we get the room for a couple more days, just us. No more insanity, just us. Let's go a few places and get out of here. Let's have some fun." Gina looked at me almost in a concerned manner. I knew she was about to drop a profound statement on me, and as it turns out I'm glad she did.
Gina at this point finally brought me back to reality. It goes without saying; level headedness left me the night she took her bikini bottom off in front of several young men during that card game. As I stood there staring at her waiting for her to drop a profound statement on me, she leaned back against the wall and simply began staring at the ceiling, when after a few seconds she calmly said, "Scott... This has been the wildest experience we have ever had, of that I'm sure. We'll probably never behave this fucking insane ever again... But know... it's done. It's now over and I'm not doing it anymore."
She paused for a second or two when she stared right into my eyes and said, "Scott, when we were experimenting and I was indiscriminately being fucked God knows how many times now, it really was exciting and I've actually enjoyed most of it, trying to fulfill every fantasy you ever had, and maybe one or two of my own, but if you'll open your beautiful eyes for half a second, you might notice than Stan and I stopped fucking a while back. He's now making love to me. My moral foundation is fucking unraveling every time I'm with him now."
She continued, and by this time had my full attention, "Did you think I could continue being intimate with you and two other guys and human nature not eventually take over? Women aren't like men when it comes to that. Yes, it was just nasty sex in the beginning, but you need to know that it has become more, and well, I don't feel comfortable with how Stan is behaving, and I don't feel comfortable with how I'm feeling about it. I feel myself becoming ok with it, and that's not how married women are supposed to feel about another man. Somehow I think we've misplaced our marriage vows somewhere between here and Ohio, and I want them back."
It's amazing how sometimes the most obvious is so incredibly obscure when you are so driven by such a powerful experience. As every word left her lips I became stupefied that not only was she clearly speaking facts, I actually saw it, and yet didn't see it.
She continued to sternly lay it out for me saying, "Listen to me, Scott. We can't stay here another night whatsoever. Here I am a married woman and making love to another man. That's not what I signed up for when we took our vows."
She then gave an example that wrapped up perfectly her already perfect moral synopsis saying, "Try imagining us being in a room with two attractive twenty-one year old females, with you fucking them both time after time, after time. Once you get past the sex for a second, you might realize that it's possible that you could begin to develop feelings for one of them, and married people don't do that, Scott. I certainly don't like the feelings I've had here recently."
Feeling like a bionic jackass by now, I walked over and pulled her to me apologizing to the maximum. We hugged and held each other for at least five minutes. I began telling her how much I loved her and continued apologizing for pushing the situation and the fact that I purposely kept it going with no regard for her feelings whatsoever.
The reality of what she was saying was crystal clear. I'm sure it would have been different if we hadn't kept it going. Several times I did notice them overtly caressing one another as they made love, passionately kissing, caressing, and holding onto one other. When this all started, they simply fucked and when it was over, it was over. But in hindsight, if I had snapped into reality for a second, I would have noticed that it truly did develop into more than sexual intercourse between her and Stan.
As she explained her position, it was like a light bulb went off in my mind. I think it was more of a situation where I basically ignored it, choosing to keep the experience going rather than face facts. But the writing was clearly on the wall, and she was right.
Gina then said she was going to take a much needed shower and off she went. Not more than a few minutes after emerging from the shower, she began packing our things and, within thirty minutes, we were in our car driving home. She was utterly exhausted as she curled up in the passenger seat and fell fast asleep. She slept for six hours straight barely moving at all. I too was flat smoked and barely able to keep my eyes open as I drove, but I continued, thinking that if I just got us back home, we would somehow be back to normal.
It took many hours getting back home, but after consuming what I'm sure equaled three gallons of coffee, we made it.
I thought it might be weeks before she and I made love again after how many times she had intimate intercourse with me and the young men we had met, but a few hours after arriving at our home, we both rubbed up against one another as we passed in the hallway, and instantly began violently grabbing and tearing at one another taking our clothes off. We just dropped right in the hallway and had the wildest animalistic sex we had ever had in our home.
I'm sure some have skydived, bungee jumped, driven a Lamborghini 200 mph, or even flown on the space shuttle, but they never experienced what Gina and I did during last year's vacation.
I can't tell you how many times we've discussed that vacation since. Funny thing is though; we've never got more than a few minutes into the conversation before we both wildly begin sexually attacking one another.
We discussed trying it again next vacation, but every time we get worked up we find ourselves fucking. Somehow we always come to our senses telling ourselves, "It was a one time experiment. It was a one in a trillion series of events that fell into place. Our marriage is still intact, and we'd like to keep it that way. Why on earth would we risk anything else?"
Yes, we always talk the good talk, but who am I kidding? The power of that experience will never leave our minds, and inevitably the tumblers will someday fall into place again... and I'm certain neither of us will be strong enough to fight it.
