It was four months ago when my new neighbors moved in. I was used to the neighboring house being empty since the previous occupants had moved out a few months earlier, which was no big loss because I never got on with them. That family seemed to think I was to blame for my wife leaving me, despite everyone else knowing it was my wife who had the affair and had left me. So it was good to have an empty house next to mine, but even better when the new neighbors moved in.
I went out to meet John and Debbie Russell when they first arrived and we seemed to get on well, although that wasn't too much of a surprise because they are in their mid-40s which is about the same age as me. John had obviously spent too much time drinking beer and not enough time exercising (unlike me) because he had a substantial paunch. Debbie, however, was still quite a looker and must have been quite a catch for John. She looked much younger than her actual 43, she had a lovely lithe figure and her soft blonde hair was worn long to her shoulders.
However it was John and Debbie's daughter who caught most of my attention when she arrived the following day after they moved in. Cindy was just a couple of months past her eighteenth birthday and was an incredibly sexy yet innocent looking girl. She was blonde like her mother and wore wonderfully light and short skirts that showed off her long smooth legs. Cindy was really pretty with her mother's blue eyes and her tight tops clearly demonstrated that she had young and firm breasts.
Having the Russells move in next to me was good, and whilst it was fun to watch both Debbie and Cindy come and go, I didn't intend to have a relationship with either of them despite my wife leaving me over a year ago. They did make for good dreams, though. So I didn't really expect to have anything more than a neighborly relationship with them. You know the sort of thing: looking after the house when they are on holiday, taking out their rubbish bins when they forget, and taking delivery of parcels if they are out.
This all changed three months after the Russells had moved in.
It was about 8pm and I was just finishing up some work I had brought home when my doorbell rang. When I answered my door I was surprised to find Cindy standing there, and she was obviously upset. Her eyes were red and slightly puffy and she seemed out of breath. However this was at complete odds with the rest of her look: she was dressed up to be obviously sexy. Her long blonde hair cascaded from her head to just below her shoulders and she was wearing a tight blouse with the top two buttons undone, revealing her ample cleavage and the hint of a white lace bra. Her skirt was one of her favorite short flowing skirts that stopped a few inches above her knees. Her legs were bare and she was wearing some expensive looking white high heeled shoes.
I realized I was staring for too long, and looking up and down at her sexy body, but she didn't seem to notice. Cindy just stood there looking upset.
"Hello Cindy, what's up?" I asked the not very original line. "Would you like to come in?"
"Yes please, Mr Matthews," she quickly answered, "I'm locked out of my house. Mum and Dad are out until later and I don't have my key."
I gestured for her to come into the house and I led her through to the kitchen where I also keep a wooden dining table and chairs which I use when I'm eating on my own. My work papers were spread across the table so I quickly pushed them into a pile and dumped them on the side.
"Let me get you a drink Cindy, and please sit down."
"Thank you Mr Matthews, I really need a drink. Can I have a coffee?"
She seemed to calming down a bit now, although I was feeling a bit awkward with the obviously sexy young girl in my house. Especially because she had figured in so many of my dreams and fantasies.
I turned round and started to make the coffee for Cindy whilst trying to find out what was wrong with her tonight. "How come you don't have your key, Cindy?"
"Oh, I wasn't going to be home so early because I'd gone out to a party and my parents weren't picking me up until eleven. But I had to leave early."
"Why did you have to leave?" I asked her.
"Oh, boyfriend trouble. It is just..." and she left her sentence hanging in the air.
The way she said it suggested to me that she wanted someone to talk to, and whilst I didn't really want to talk about her boyfriend I thought I ought to at least help my neighbor's daughter.
"Here's your coffee Cindy, and have you told your parents that you left the party early?"
"No, not yet." She grasped the coffee mug and cupped her hands round it, warming them up. I noticed that she had painted her fingernails a bright red.
"Let me call them and let them know you are here. Then they can come back later and get you."
I went into the hall and found John's mobile number and gave him a call. I explained what had happened, and that I didn't know why Cindy had left early, but that I could look after Cindy until they came home later. John was happy with that because they had gone out for a meal at some friends and by the sound of it John was taking the chance to drink lots of someone else's beer.
I returned to the kitchen where Cindy was still sitting, sipping slowly at her coffee. She had her back to me so I paused for a moment to watch her. She was slightly bent forward over my table with her long, glistening blonde hair cascading from her head. I smiled as one of my dreams popped back into my head and I felt my cock swelling, but then I remembered that this was real and I'd better help her.
"I spoke to your father and they will be back just after eleven. I said you would be OK here until then. I hope you don't mind."
She turned round as I walked across the room and leaned against the kitchen counter, facing her. "Sure, thanks Mr Matthews."
"You said something about boyfriend trouble. Do you want to talk about it?" I asked, hoping that she would say no and we could go and watch TV or something.
She looked thoughtful for a moment, holding the white coffee mug close to her soft red lips, and then I noticed a small tear forming in the corner of her gorgeous eyes. She looked up at me.
"Can I talk to you Mr Matthews? It's just that I can't talk to my parents, it is too embarrassing. You won't tell them will you?"
Her eyes were glistening as they filled with tears and there was a small sob as she seemed to plead with me.
"Cindy, of course you can talk to me. I'll do what I can but it has been a long time since I've been out on a date." I laughed, trying to lighten the mood. I knew it would all be about love or having a crush which are not my favorite topics.
"Mike, my boyfriend, he tried to touch me tonight. You know, he pushed his hand in my bra and touched my breasts, even my nipples. But I don't want that, it didn't feel right."
Now I was interested, and I thought "lucky Mike for getting a feel", but out loud I said "Why do you think it didn't feel right?"
"Well, you see Mr Matthews..." she paused and I saw that her cheeks were growing red. She was blushing.
She started again, averting her eyes, "Well, you see I'm not a virgin. I did have sex once about a year ago but it was awful. The boy at the time was horrible. It hurt, and I felt so cheap afterward. I hated it. And I don't want to do that again, I don't want another boy doing that to me."
She sobbed as she spoke, her head bowed and obviously upset by the memory of her first time.
I moved from the counter to the table and pulled out the chair opposite Cindy and sat down slowly while I tried to think what I should say.
"Cindy, I'm so sorry you had a bad experience. But sex doesn't have to be like that. It shouldn't hurt, it should be pleasurable, wonderful and exciting. It just sounds like you had a bad first time. Don't worry it won't always be like that."
Cindy looked up at me, and brushed the tears from her soft red cheeks. I wanted to reach out and hold her but didn't want to scare her. She said "But my friends say all boys are like that."
"That is just because they are boys and they haven't had the experience to know what it takes to make sure a girl enjoys sex. They will learn and you will enjoy it later."
"Do you know how to make it enjoyable?" she suddenly asked.
I jumped at her question, all sorts of fantasies going through my head while I wondered what she meant.
She must have seen my shock because she added: "Sorry Mr Matthews, I just hate to think it will never feel good, that I will always be frightened of a man's touch. I didn't mean anything by my question."
I paused while I thought. I looked at pretty young Cindy sitting across the table from me, her ample breasts pushing against her silk blouse and my eyes were drawn to the soft skin of her cleavage. I made up my mind: I wasn't going to let this opportunity go to waste. She might be tired, sad and vulnerable but all that meant was that now was the time to seduce this lovely girl. My cock stirred at the thought of taking Cindy but I knew I had to get this right because I didn't want my neighbors angry at me. I'll get her to keep it secret and anyway, if I got to fuck this gorgeous, blonde eighteen year old it would be worth any problems later.
I stood up and moved a couple of steps around the table, standing next to Cindy, and looked down at her. I had a good view down her sexy cleavage as I said "Boys just take it too fast and all they are interested in is getting into a girl's panties. But men know how to relax a girl without it leading to anything. I'll show you?"
I finished my sentence as a question, to see if she hesitated but she didn't say anything, just cupped her drink in her hands and continued looking into it. I moved behind her and I gently stroked her shoulders, rubbing her tense muscles.
I didn't get much response at first and I could feel her holding her shoulders tight and not relaxing at all. Slowly, however, I could feel her shoulders starting to move and relax and then I heard the click as she placed her cup on the table in front of her. While I massaged her shoulders I bent and pulled her silky blonde hair back from her soft neck before placing my lips against her lovely sweet tasting skin. I heard her soft moan when I kissed her and I could feel a sudden drop in her shoulders as she relaxed.
I spent a few minutes kissing her neck and nibbling at her ears, all the time I could hear her breath getting slower as she relaxed under my ministrations. Now that she was relaxed I intended on getting her turned on.
Slowly I started to rub lower down her front, tracing the contour of her bra under her top and I felt her body start to tremble. I held my breath and without pausing I deftly undid the button of her blouse, and then the next one. Cindy didn't stop me. Continuing down I undid all remaining buttons on her silk blouse and I returned to stroking her soft and sensitive skin.
I drifted my hand across her tits and I felt her stiff nipples through the thin material of her white lace bra. Her breathing started to get quicker when I touched her tits and I guessed she liked them being touched and was anticipating what was going to happen just as I was.
Taking my chance I swiveled the chair in which she was sitting so that she was no longer facing the table and I stood in front of her. She had her eyes averted, looking down as if she was still not sure about what was going on. I looked down at her beautiful body and saw her the soft skin of her cleavage and the young tits encased by the lace bra.
Bending over I took one of her tits in my mouth and sucked through the lace material while gently flicking my tongue over her nipple. I heard a low moan when my mouth first touched her and I knew I was getting somewhere. Encouraged, I spent some time kissing, fondling, sucking and licking her tits and she responded by moaning and trembling as she sat in my kitchen.
Emboldened I reached round and undid her bra, pulling the cups down to reveal her young tits. And what wonderful tits they were; soft, smooth and pert as they stood there without the support of the bra. Eagerly I returned to my sucking and licking and she moaned louder at the touch of my mouth and tongue on her bare young tits.
Still touching and kissing her tits, I eased myself down so I was kneeling, and carefully moved between her legs, gently forcing her legs apart as I moved closer so she didn't notice in her excitement. I couldn't resist touching her long sexy legs and I softly slid my hands up the outside of her legs, and then the inside. Her body quivered when I touched her legs and she unconsciously shifted forward in the chair, her body seemingly eager to get closer to me.
I slipped my hands up, under her mini skirt and stroked higher on the inside of her soft thighs. My own heart was beating faster now that I was getting closer to my prize. She was wearing matching white lace panties and I dragged my finger across her pussy over the thin fabric. I felt her voluntarily spread her legs wider and she moved against my hand now that she was so turned on from my attention to her tits.
I pushed and rubbed around her pussy entrance, her lace panties getting wet as I pressed them into her slit. She was moaning again, her ass shifting in the chair as she tried to get more of my touch. Deftly I moved her panties to one side to open up her pussy to my hands. Now I stroked her bare pussy with my hands and I was surprised to find that she was shaved and smooth. Her moans were louder and I rubbed up and down her pussy, spreading her juices that gave away her excitement.
Bending down I brought my head close to her pussy and I breathed in deeply, inhaling the delicious aroma of young pussy. I moved even closer and licked her pussy, and she tasted wonderful. Finding her clit I discovered that it was engorged and I licked around it before sucking on it gently. At my touch she gave out a yelp, and then a slow moan and her hips bucked as she moved against my tongue.
I moved a finger to her pussy entrance and traced around it while I sucked her sensitive clit. I pushed my finger forwards, parting her pussy lips and easing inside her, up to the first knuckle and then the second. I heard a gasp from her pretty lips as she felt my finger invade her tight pussy but she didn't move away.
Her gasps became faster when I started to rub the inside of her pussy, my finger sliding across her g-spot in a gentle rhythm. Then I started to fuck her young tight pussy with my finger, thrusting my finger in and out of her in time to my licking her clit. Her pussy was clamped around my finger but I managed to slip in a second finger and continued to fuck her while she groaned and moaned above me.
Her ass was shifting in the chair, pushing forward, eager to feel my fingers deep inside her pussy. My fingers were covered in her sweet juices and I could sense she was close to cumming. I kept up the regular rhythm on her clit and fucked her harder by sliding my fingers deep with every thrust.
Suddenly I felt her pussy clamp even tighter around my fingers and then her pussy started to pulse around them. I heard her cry out "Oh my God, yessss" and she screamed as I continued to lick her clit.
Her orgasm seemed to last for minutes as she squirmed against me, forcing my fingers deeper, until she gradually slumped back onto her chair and relaxed.
I brought my fingers out of her pussy and I straightened my back, looking up at her. I saw a contented look on her pretty face and her eyes were half closed with a half smile on her red lips.
Cindy opened her gorgeous eyes and looked at me, "I...I...never knew it could be like that," she sighed.
I grinned back at her "And that is just the start."
She opened her eyes wider wondering what was going to happen, but she didn't move away or tell me to stop
Cindy was still slumped back in the kitchen chair with her blouse fallen open revealing her uncovered pert tits. She was still breathing heavily from her recent climax and I watched as her young tits rose and fell as she breathed in and out.
Her short skirt had fallen back down when I moved back from her and so her smooth pussy was hidden from my view but I could still smell the sweet aroma of her sex. The contented look on her pretty face was changing and it seemed that she was eager to continue her education, and it was no surprise to me that my cock was hardening again in my boxers.
I stood up and reached out and, holding her small hands in my hands, I pulled her to her feet. Her brow frowned under her blonde her and I could tell she was puzzled at what was going to happen next. I quickly sat down in the chair she had vacated and she turned to face me.
"What are we going to do, Mr Matthews?" Cindy asked, still puzzled.
"Kneel down Cindy,", I ordered, "it is your turn to help me."
I saw Cindy's pretty face go from frowning to a sudden 'oh' of surprise when she realized what was going to happen.
"I've not, you know, touched a man there with my mouth before, Mr Matthews".
"Just kneel down Cindy, it will come naturally." I assured her, my cock hardening even more at the thought of being the first to have my cock in her young mouth.
I guided her down so she was kneeling between my legs at my feet. Cindy looked up at me, her blonde hair framing her pretty young face, as she paused, wondering what to do next. Taking the lead I unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants and reached in and pulled out my almost erect cock.
I held my cock there, and Cindy looked down, staring at my engorged length. For I moment I wondered if she was going to get up and leave, but then I watched a wonderful sight. Cindy's face turned from one of shock to a picture of lust. Her eyes lit up and she pursed her lips, running her tongue around her red lips as she stared at my cock. In return my cock twitched in response to her look of longing and she smiled a beautiful smile.
Reaching out she wrapped her small pretty hand around the shaft of my hard cock. Her hand was so cool and soft on my cock and I could feel the blood pumping into my cock as I swelled up larger at her touch. Cindy started pumping her hand up and down on my cock and I was surprised at how firmly she gripped my cock until I realized that she had obviously had given a handjob before because she seemed so confident.
When my cock was fully erect I motioned to Cindy to bend down. Obeying me she leaned over my cock and I had a wonderful view down her front as her pert tits fell completely free of her blouse. Gently she kissed the tip of my cock and in return it jumped. Giggling, Cindy kissed my cock again and it jumped again. It felt wonderful when her soft lips touched the sensitive head of my hard cock.
"Take it into your mouth, Cindy," I urged her.
Smiling at me she pulled back the foreskin from my hard cock and bent over it again. This time she opened her mouth and slid her red lips over my cock, drawing it into her small hot mouth. I couldn't resist bucking my hips a little when I felt her tongue slide over the sensitive head of my cock, encased in her mouth. She may not have done this before but she was a natural already.
She then took my cock further into her mouth, sliding her red lips down the shaft until the end of my cock hit the back of her mouth. Slowly she moved back, her lips tight around me as she let my hard cock pop out of her mouth. Then she started a great rhythm on my cock as she fucked me with her mouth, all the time looking at me out of her sexy blue eyes while I watched my cock appear and then disappear into her young mouth. Cindy started to gently play with my balls while she sucked me and I could feel my cum starting to rise in my cock.
"I'm going to cum," I said quietly although my breathing was getting faster with the exquisite touch of her mouth and tongue on my cock.
Cindy looked up at me, and took hold of my cock with her hand and let it fall from her mouth.
"What should I do?" she asked me.
Frustrated I responded "Keep doing what you were doing Cindy so pump my cock with your hand and tease the end with your mouth and tongue. When I start to cum you need to catch it all in your mouth."
She paused for a moment, but then she meekly nodded and took my cock deep into her mouth again. She started sucking hard and I could feel her tongue teasing the base of my cock head, making it throb in her mouth. Cindy suddenly squeezed my balls gently and that was final stimulation I needed.
With a groan of "I'm cummming," my cum sprayed from my hard cock and filled Cindy's mouth. For a moment she seemed like she was about to choke, but then she continued to pump my cock as I spurted my warm, thick cum into her small willing mouth.
Slowly my orgasm subsided and the last few drops of my thick cum dripped into Cindy's young mouth. I watched her pretty face as her blonde hair fell down and covered my leg. Slowly she knelt upright, my cock flopping from her mouth, still hard but no longer full of cum.
"Mmmmm," I heard her say, her mouth full of my cum, and without prompting she swallowed it, taking my cum into her belly. "Lovely," she whispered and bent and licked some of the dribbles of cum that had coated my cock.
"Do you like the taste of my cum?" I asked her.
"I love it Mr Matthews, I never knew how tasty it was," she answered, and I noticed that her hand was down between her legs and had dipped beneath her miniskirt and she was quite noticeably playing with herself.
My cock was still hard and the view of Cindy fingering her pussy was enough to get me horny again. I glanced at my clock on the wall and we still had half an hour before Cindy's parents would return. I would like longer but it will have to be enough time to show Cindy what a man's cock could do to her.
"I can see you want more," I said, nodding to where her hand was busy under her skirt.
Cindy shyly bent her head and mumbled, "I'm so hot, I just want more, Mr Matthews."
"Time for your next lesson Cindy."
I rose and helped Cindy to her feet. I didn't have much time and I wanted to bury my thick cock insider her tight pussy as soon as possible. I ran my hands through her soft hair and smiled at her as I looked into her beautiful eyes which were now sparkling with lust.
I moved my hands down to her waist and said to her "Turn around and bend over the table for me."
Obediently Cindy turned around to face my kitchen table and she leaned forward, placing her delicate hands on the surface to support her. She wasn't really bent over enough for me so I got her to move lower, so that she was resting on her elbows, and her sexy ass was raised in my direction. I noticed while I was arranging her position that her blouse was open and her pert tits were free and resting on the hard wooden table.
Cindy was still wearing her short skirt which covered her sexy ass but all that did was get my even more turned on, knowing I was about to sink my cock into her young pussy. I lifted up her skirt to reveal her smooth, firm ass and I noticed her panties had shifted to cover her pussy again.
I grabbed hold of her panties and slowly slid them over her hips and down her long smooth legs. She stepped out of them and now I could see her wet pussy clearly, which still looked tight even after her earlier orgasm.
I moved closer and I held my hard cock and teased her clit and pussy which spread her juices over her entrance and the end of my thick cock. I placed my hands on her hips, holding up her skirt as I eased my cock between her tight pussy lips. Slowly I pushed forward, watching as my hard cock spread her wet lips, stretching them wide as my thick shaft eased into her.
"Oh yes, Mr Matthews, I can feel your cock filling me."
Cindy was moaning as I continued to slowly thrust my cock into her tight pussy. I put my hand on her smooth back and pressed firmly, keeping her pinned to the table while I started to ease my cock in and out of her hot pussy. She was so eager to have my cock inside her young body that she started moving her ass back towards me, urging me to fill her up even more. I grinned as I realized that she would be back for more another day if this was anything to go by, but for now I needed to satisfy my immediate needs.
"Move back and forth, Cindy, feel my cock inside you" I instructed her. I used my hands on her hips to show what she needed to do, getting her to slide her ass back and forth while I stood still. Soon she was dictating her own pace, sliding her tight pussy up and down my engorged cock while I watched.
It wasn't the rhythm that would make me cum so I was about to take control again when I started hearing Cindy making some strange noises. At first she made some barely audible mewing sounds but soon she was moaning louder and she started to move faster on my cock, pushing her ass against me to force my cock deep inside her, and then moving away to feel it slide almost all the way out of her.
I glanced at the clock and saw that there would be enough time so I reached around under her and stroked her clit in time with her movements against me. Suddenly she was shouting out in ecstasy as she started to cum again, this time with my cock inside her pulsating pussy.
"Oh yes, oh my god, oh yess, Mr Matthews, I'm going to....I'm going to....oh fuck!" she shouted as she suddenly came all over my cock, her body shaking and her pussy clamped around my thick cock.
Slowly she slumped to the table, resting after her wild climax. But I needed to finish soon both because of the time but also because I could feel my cum rising in my balls from the sensations of her tight pussy on my engorged cock.
Looking down at her I grabbed her sexy hips again, and watched my glistening cock slide in and out of her slim body while she lay slumped on my table still overcome by her recent orgasm. I started fucking her fast, thrusting my hard cock deep inside her warm pussy and filling her up with each stroke.
I could feel my cock pushing up deep inside her pussy and spreading her pussy lips with each urgent thrust. I fucked her roughly, my strong hands digging into her thin waist to hold her still while I pushed my cock deeper and deeper with each thrust. Cindy started to respond to my fucking by moving against me again, and I could feel her pussy tighten around my cock. She raised herself on her hands while I took her, bent over my kitchen table.
I looked up at the back of her head where her soft blonde hair was swaying back and forward in time with my deep strokes. I couldn't resist reaching up with one of my hands and entwining her fair hair between my fingers. Pulling gently but insistently on her hair I raised her head and pulled her body against my cock in time with my strokes.
I was in complete control now and Cindy could do nothing except respond to my fucking as I buried my cock deep inside her sweet tight pussy. This control I had over her was turning her on again and she started making her mewing noises again, which I now knew would result in another orgasm if I continued. I could feel my own cum rising in my balls and cock and I knew I would soon be cumming inside this beautiful eighteen year old.
"I'm going to cum soon Cindy, I'm going to cum inside you," I said while I continued to fuck her.
"Oh yes Mr Matthews, I want your cum, please, fill me with your cum," she begged me, her words punctuated with her moans of an impending climax.
With a grunt I pulled back on her hair so her ass was forced against me and I pressed my cock deep inside her, and with a shout I started to cum inside her. Again and again I felt my hot cum spray inside her tight pussy, filling her up with my seed. I kept my cock buried all the way insider her body while my cum continued to shoot from my hard cock and I heard her screams of joy as she came again, her body shuddering and her pussy milking my cock while her orgasm consumed her.
Cindy slowly recovered and murmured quietly to me "Mmmm, I love the feel of you inside me, Mr Matthews, your cum feels so warm in me."
I glanced up at the clock again and suddenly realized her parents were due any minute now, so I didn't have any time to savor the feelings of my cock gently softening inside Cindy's young pussy. I squeezed my cock to deposit the last of my cum in her pussy, and pulling back I slid my cock out of her and reached for a towel, mopping the cum that was already oozing out of her stretched pussy.
"Quick Cindy, we must clean up," I said, pointing to the clock when she looked around.
She had a dreamy look on her face and wasn't moving very fast but I got her to put her panties back on to stop any more cum leaking from her and I helped her button up her blouse so that her tits were covered again. Taking a hairbrush from her bag she slowly brushed her hair while I make myself presentable. All the time she seemed to be watching me, a sparkle in her eye. Just then the doorbell rang and I quickly looked around my kitchen and I saw some of our glistening juices on the chair and floor which might give the game away.
"Come on Cindy, that will be your parents," and I grabbed her hand, leading her into the hall. Just before I got to the door Cindy stopped me and faced me and surprised me by kissing me hard, her tongue seeking out my own in my mouth.
Almost at once she backed off and exclaimed "Thanks Mr Matthews, that was the best night ever!"
Stunned for a moment she turned around and opened the door to her parents. Cindy immediately walked out telling her parents how helpful I had been and that I had be a true gentleman to her.
I could barely look her parents in the eye as they thanked me and left to take their eighteen year old daughter home, little knowing that her young tight pussy was full of my warm cum.
I closed the door as they left and let out a big sigh as I realized how close I had come to be caught fucking their daughter, but then my lips turned into a big grin as I recalled the evenings events and the feeling of being sucked off by Cindy and the amazing fucking of her young body. I hoped she would be back for more.
