Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
- Hello. This is my first story. Any comments at all would be great. Thanks. I hope you enjoy it. -
My name is Brad. I'm an average guy. I'm not a Greek god. I'm not even six feet tall. I'm a nobody. I work at a desk and I'm a push over. Always have been, especially when it comes to my daughter. Most fathers are. I take one look into my daughter's beautiful blue eyes and I give her whatever she wants, a new phone, a new computer, a new car, money to go shopping with her friends. It doesn't matter. It's the curse of a widowed father. But I didn't mind helping out my little girl, because that beautiful smile always makes it worthwhile. Everything was going fine, until Heather asked me for something I could never give her, my cock.
It all started one Sunday evening over dinner. Heather has been cooking since her mother passed away. She does everything around the house. That's just how we made it. I was exhausted at the time. It was the usual bullshit at work. I hated working on the weekends and Sunday was the worst. I think my daughter could tell because she offered to give me a shoulder massage.
"Daddy?" Heather said. "Do you want me to rub your shoulders?"
"I'm okay, cupcake."
"Okay," she said in her sweet little voice.
She sounded just like her mother; looked just like her too. Gorgeous, long red hair, beautiful c-cup breasts, perky, but I tried not to notice, and 5'5". She liked to show off her legs. She was always in shorts and barefoot. Her toenails were painted orange today. They matched her fingernails. The tank top she wore was too small for her, her naval bare. That's just how kids dressed these days.
"I have a favor to ask you," she said.
Money. Here it comes. It's always money. She's earned it though. She takes care of me, and I like to take care of her. "Sure, baby. How much cash do you need?"
She shook her head, her hair fanning over her shoulders, her lower lip between her teeth; those lips, her mother's lips, pink and full. Maybe I like to say she looks like her mother so I don't feel too guilty ogling her.
"What is it then?" I said.
"I need you to do something for me, something kind of big."
"I'm listening."
"I want you to watch a few videos."
"Videos? Sure. I'll watch a movie with you."
"No, not a movie. And the video's not the favor. I need you to watch the video so I can ask you the favor." She took out her iPhone, pressing a few things on the screen. "It's a video of my friend Kim."
I remembered Kim, of course. She practically grew up in my house with my daughter. She hadn't been coming around as much lately though. Usually, she and Heather were always going out to the mall or some other place.
"In the video, she does something kind of shocking, and, well, just watch, okay? There's two more videos after it, one with my friend Jenna, and another with Lori. Just keep watching."
I was confused at this point, but I said, "Sure," and my daughter handed me the phone. Meanwhile, she took the plates into the kitchen. I heard the sink turn on as I pressed play on the phone.
"My name is Kim," Kim said on the video, "and this is how you suck cock."
My eyes were huge as the video zoomed out, revealing Kim naked, her eighteen-year-old tits on full display, a pair of panties blocking her pussy. And then she reached for the cameraman's blue jeans, unzipping them, pulling out a young, rock-hard cock. It was nothing impressive, five and a half inches, but Kim opened her mouth and swallowed it whole.
"What the fuck?"
I glanced over my shoulder, looking for Heather. I could still hear the faucet. I turned back to the video. Kim was giving it her all now, deepthroating the cock, her black hair flying back and forth as her lips slid over the rod. The guy holding the camera was moaning, his one free hand grabbing Kim's head, pulling her to his shaft.
I could not believe it. Why was my daughter making me watch her friend suck some guy's cock? I didn't know what to do. Should I press stop, go say something? I just stared at the screen, my cock getting hard in my jeans as Kim gagged, pausing to catch her breath.
"You okay, babe?" the camera-man asked.
"Yeah," Kim responded.
She grabbed the shaft, stroking it back and forth as she went down for more. This guy could not last. The video was only four minutes, and he was ready to blow. He exploded in Kim's mouth. His cum ran over her chin, dripping on her perky tits. She grinned at the camera.
"That's how you suck cock!"
The video ended, only to start a new one in the playlist. Another of her friends, Jenna, was next, who I had seen plenty of times in a bikini next to my pool. She was topless now. She unzipped a pair of cargo pants and pulled out some guy's cock.
"I'm Jenna, and this is how you suck cock."
Here we go again! Jenna was not as experienced as Kim, but when the six-inch prick appeared, she began licking away at it. She was timid, but the cameraman, a young kid by the sound of him, did not seem to mind. He wanted more, shoving himself into her mouth. This video was only three minutes. He blew his load all over her face.
It wasn't over yet. The next video started. Lori was up, who I remembered playing on the jungle jim with Heather.
"I'm Lori, and I'll show you how to suck a cock."
"Fucking hell," I said out loud.
Lori dove on the cock, her blond locks bobbing on seven inches.
I couldn't take anymore. I turned off the phone and set it aside. I must have been in the Twilight Zone. Kids don't know what that is, but it's a show where nothing makes sense! I grew up with things making sense. Now my daughter, my little girl, just showed me a porno, a porno starring her friends. I felt like grounding her, but I'd never grounded her before. There was the first time for everything. I climbed up, stomping into the kitchen.
"Heather, what the hell was that?"
She turned off the faucet and turned around. Water was splashed on her little tank top, her skin visible underneath.
"I guess you watched it all."
"Why did you show me that? I don't even know what to say to you."
"I need to talk to you about it."
"Talk to me? I have half a mind to ground you, you know? I'm your father. You don't show me that sort of thing. You may be eighteen, young lady, but you're still my daughter, and while you live here, you shouldn't be watching porn movies. Or at least not giving them to me to watch."
"Daddy, it wasn't porn," she said with a frown.
"What the hell do you call it?"
"A dare."
"A what?"
She left the kitchen. I had to follow. She took up a seat on the living room couch. "Okay, remember when I got my first period?"
I was still standing. I couldn't sit. "What does that have to do with anything?"
"Remember, I was crying, and I told you I was bleeding, and you explained to me that girls get periods, and you took me to the store and bought me pads and told me I'd be okay in a few days. And you said if I ever needed to talk to you about anything, I could. And then when I had my first kiss, I told you all about it too."
"What's your point?"
"I'm going to tell you some things now, things I've been doing."
"Heather, I don't want to hear about your sex life. You're eighteen. What you do outside this house is your business."
"But you said I could tell you anything."
I sat down. This was getting out of control. "Yes, but I didn't expect you to hand me a sex tape one day."
"Just listen, please. See, my friends made a dare. They were all gloating, say they could suck cock better than one another, and to prove it, they made videos. And, well, I made the dare too."
"That's what this is about? Why would you want to show me that?"
"I'm getting to it. See, I've been lying to my friends. They all think I'm dating a college guy. I told them I was dating someone because, well, because I'm sort of scared of sex."
"What?"
"I'm a virgin."
I was surprised. "You're a virgin? But you've been on so many dates."
"Have you seen me on any dates in the last six months?"
"I just assumed when you were going out that's where you were going."
"Well, you assumed wrong. Anyway, I didn't want them to know I was a virgin, so I just told them I was with a college guy and I had sex all the time."
"Why did you lie?"
"Daddy, it's the last year of high school. You can't tell your friends you're a virgin. They'll just make fun of you."
"What does this have to do with me?"
"Like I was saying, they were all bragging they were good at sucking cock. So I said I was the best."
"Jesus," I mumbled.
"What was I supposed to say, admit I've never touched one?"
I rubbed my forehead. "I'm not sure where you're going with this, Heather."
"All three of my friends have made their tapes. It's my turn now. It's Sunday. School is tomorrow. I have until then to make my video."
"You're going to make a sex tape? Are you serious?"
"I have to. It's my turn to do the dare."
"Heather, just tell your friends the truth."
"I can't. If I did that, I'd be a joke. They'd tell everyone in the whole school, and I'd be the biggest loser ever."
"Who cares what those kids think? You're going to college next year."
"Community college. A lot of them will be there. I'll be the virgin loser."
"So, what are you going to do? Go find some guy tonight you don't even know and ask him if you can, can..." I couldn't even say it. "I raised you better than that. It's one thing if you're dating someone, but not like this."
"Well, I'm not dating a boy, so I have to find someone else to help me. That's why I showed you the videos."
I was not getting it. Looking back, I'm surprised I didn't put it together sooner. But what father would? "What are you talking about?"
She held her breath before she spoke. "I told you I needed a favor. I was wondering if...if you'd pretend to be my boyfriend on camera, and if you'd let me suck your cock."
I jumped out of my seat. I swear I hung in the air for a good ten seconds. "What the hell? I'm your father!"
Heather's head was done. "I know. I'm so embarrassed even asking. But I don't have anyone else I can ask. Can I suck your cock, please?"
"I, I, I don't even know say to you. Of course, you can't! Are you crazy? Jesus, Heather, I can't even believe you'd ask me. This is insane."
"Daddy, please," she said, standing up, putting her hands on my shoulders. I didn't even want to be touched by her. "Please," she repeated. "I need your help. I'm just asking you to let me do it this once, just on camera."
"Heather, do you realize what you are asking? My thing would be in your mouth."
"It's only a blow job, and just until you cum."
"Don't use that word," I said. "I can't even believe I'm having this conversation. I'm in the fucking Twilight Zone!"
"The what zone?" See, I told you kids didn't know what that meant.
"Heather, I can't do that. I shouldn't even be talking to you about this."
"I know how it sounds," she said sadly, her lips pouting. "But if I don't do it, I'm going to be a joke at school. Please, just let me suck your cock for a few minutes, just enough to show them I did it."
"The answer is absolutely not. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I'm so disappointed in you."
I hate seeing my daughter cry. I saw it when her mother died, and I swore it was going to be the last time. But when those tears streamed down her face, it felt like she had punched me in the gut. She ran off, her red hair chasing her. Her door slammed in the distance. I sank down into the chair, milling over what my daughter had said.
I tell you what though, when your daughter asks you to suck your cock, it gets you thinking, thinking about what it would feel like. I tried not to imagine it, seeing those pink lips of hers wrapped around my shaft, listening to her gagging throat. It was making me hard though. I folded my legs as I sat there, crushing my cock between my thighs, punishing it for getting hard thinking about my daughter, thinking about grabbing that beautiful red hair of hers and pulling her down on my shaft.
And, fuck, she was a virgin. And she'd never even sucked a cock before. There's no doubt an experienced cock sucker is the best, but a newbie cocksucker is unforgettable. I'd broken-in a few in my high school days. My wife though, she'd been a slut. She could suck cock like a champ. That's why I married her.
God, and now our daughter, who looked so much like her, wanted to suck my cock. I hadn't had sex in years. I didn't want to expose my daughter to it, taking women home, fucking them while she was in the next room. Jesus, I'd never thought my daughter would be my next score.
"Only a blow job," I muttered. "Just until you cum. She's out of her mind."
Fuck, my cock was hard now. I turned on the TV to ESPN. I didn't care who was playing or what the sport was. I needed to something to distract me.
Oh, fuck, it was the sports illustrated swim suit special! Girls were running around on the beach with photographers snapping pictures! God hated me.
"Fucking hell."
I turned off the TV, moving to the bathroom. I stood in front of the toilet, unzipped my pants, reached in, and pulled out eleven inches of thick cock. It was standing straight up, the helmet red and angry at my mistreatment of it. I ran my hand along the shaft. I felt guilty even doing this, thinking about my daughter's mouth sliding over my cock. How the hell had this happened? I came home tonight from work to relax. Now, I was in the bathroom, jerking off after my daughter asked to suck my cock.
She wouldn't even know what to do with this much cock anyway, little virgin girl, trying to lick it, asking me how it was going to fit into her mouth. I started thinking about her pussy next. I couldn't help it, I swear. She must be so tight. It'd probably hurt both of us going in.
I remembered a year ago, she came home at 5:00 a.m., stinking of booze. She was drunk as hell as I got her into bed, still dressed. She'd been wearing a skirt and I caught a glimpse of her panties. There had been blood on the crotch. I thought that was the night she'd had her cherry popped. I guess she was just on her period.
Even now, I could see my cock sliding between those tight, pink lips, strangling my cock, watching those big blue eyes of hers open and close as she got penetrated.
"Fuck," I whispered. "Get it together. She's your daughter."
I stopped jerking off. I was not going to cum to the thought of my child. I refused to. I'm stronger than that. I took a cold shower. And it helped. If you need to stop fantasizing about fucking your eighteen year old daughter, take a cold shower. The cold water will deflate your cock like you're in a monastery.
In my room, I redressed in sweat pants and a white t-shirt, staring at myself in the mirror. I had to talk to my daughter, sort this out. She had to know I wasn't angry with her, just disturbed. She was just caught between a rock and a hard cock, but it was not going to be my cock that did the job.
"Cupcake?" I said as I opened her door.
She was on her bed, her face in her pillow. "Leave me alone."
"Baby, can I talk to you for a second?"
"Why?" she said. "So you can tell me how disappointed you are and that I'm gross?"
I came in and sat on the edge of the bed and put my hand on her shoulder, but she shrugged it away.
"Baby, you have to understand, you hit me like a ton of bricks. I'm sorry I said was disappointed in you." See, I told you I'm a push over.
"But you are."
"Look, when I was a teenager, I'll be honest, my friends and I had competitions like this too. We'd pick out girls, see who could bang her first. I get where you're coming from."
Heather turned around. "Really?"
"Yes," I said. It was not easy to talk about sex with my daughter, but I tried. "I once slept with a girl and she slept with all my friends...on different days, that is. And she did it because we wanted her to tell us which of us was the best. I can understand that this dare between you and your friends---"
"Who won the competition?"
"Huh?"
"Who did the girl say was the best?"
"Honey, that's not important. The point is---"
"Just tell me," she said. "If you understand what I'm going through, tell me."
"I won, but that's not the point."
"Why?"
"What?"
"Why'd you win?"
I shook my head. My daughter was far too inquisitive. "I guess she liked my...size."
"Oh."
"Anyway, I---"
"What does size have to do with it?" Heather asked.
"Heather, can we talk about you, not me?"
"I'm just curious."
"Look, men come in different sizes. Even the guys on your video were different sizes."
"Yours is different than theirs?"
"Everyone's different. The point is, I understand the pressure you feel. And I understand you felt like you had no one to turn to but me, so I'm not mad at you, okay?"
"Really?" she said, her eyes big, her lips pouty.
"Yes, really."
"Does that mean you'll help me?"
"No," I said quickly. "I'm just telling you I'm not angry."
"But why won't you help me?" she said, returning to her pouting.
"Baby, you have to realize what you're asking me. Fathers and daughters don't do that. It's immoral."
"I'm not asking to do it a lot, just this once," she said. "And it's only for a few minutes. I'll do it like my friends did, put it in my mouth, suck on it, and then we'll be done."
"Honey..."
"Give me your hand," she said.
"What?"
"Give it to me," she said, taking it. She brought it up to her mouth and before I could even argue, she began sucking my index finger.
"Honey!" I tried to pull away but she held tight, her tongue licking along its length, her teeth grazing my nail, her lips tight around it. I yanked it out of her mouth. "Baby, enough."
"See?" she said. "What's the difference if I suck your finger or suck your cock? It's just part of your body, right?"
"There's a huge difference, and I don't want you sucking my finger or my cock, er, penis, er, thing. I don't want you sucking anything."
"Why not?" she said. "What's so wrong about it?"
"It's incest."
"It's not sex, Daddy. It's not in my pussy."
"Please, baby, don't use those words."
"Why? What do you want me to call it?"
"I don't care what you call it. That doesn't matter. I just can't do it. I can't put it in your mouth. Fathers aren't allowed to do that."
"But I need you to, Daddy. I'm only asking for a few minutes. What's wrong with that? Why can't I put my father's cock in my mouth for three minutes and record it? No one will know it's you. You'll be holding the camera, so no one will see your face. They'll only see you from the waist down and I'll tell them you're my college boyfriend. And then we'll be done."
"Sweetie, I've got a better idea."
"What?" she said.
"Why don't you tell your friends on Monday that you had a big fight with your boyfriend and he broke up with you? Then, they won't expect the tape."
"I can't tell them that. I told them yesterday on the phone I already recorded it."
"Tell them you lost it."
"They'll know I'm lying. Daddy, please. I'm begging. Just let me put your cock in my mouth for three minutes. Only three. You can take it out afterward. You don't even have to cum if you don't want to. I'll say I swallowed it or something."
"Jesus, Heather, I can't believe you even want to do this. Aren't you grossed out by the idea of sucking my cock?"
"Not really. I'd be more grossed out sucking some random guy's cock than yours. And I love you, Daddy. You've always taken care of me. I really thought you might even like the idea. I thought boys liked getting blow jobs. I thought it might be nice if you were my first one."
"Good Lord," I said. "Okay, look. Here's the bottom line. I can't let you do it. It's wrong."
Her frown was large and her eyes were getting glossy. Tears were coming. "But why?"
"Because I'm your father."
"Why other than that? If you weren't my father, just my friend, would you let me do it?"
"I don't know, baby."
"No, just be honest. If you were my neighbor, not my father, and I asked, would you let me suck it?"
"I think if you asked any guy if you could suck his cock, he'd say yes."
"Then that's what I'll do." She climbed off the bed, putting on her shoes.
"Where are you going?"
"Next door to Mr. Jones' house. I have to get a video of sucking a guy's cock and he's going to have to do."
"Honey!" I stepped in front of the door. "Stop it, you're not going out."
"Get out of my way."
"No."
"Why? If I can't suck your cock, let me suck someone else's."
"He's a stranger!"
"No he's not. He says hello to me everyday when I come home from school."
"He's a pervert then, not a stranger. That's even worse. What if he rapes you?"
"At least I'll have it on tape. Move."
"Damn it, Heather! Why are you doing this? Are your friends this important?"
"Why are you doing this, Daddy? Why are you saying no? This is important to me, but you're not helping me!"
"Because I can't! Because you're my daughter!"
"I told you it doesn't matter! I need help! Why aren't you there for me?"
"Because you'll regret it!" I was shouting now. I was trying to make her understand. "Even if I let you suck it, you might not regret it today, but you would tomorrow or maybe in ten years! Your friends don't have to live with you forever! I do! How are you going to feel when you're on your wedding night and you're thinking of the time you sucked your father's cock? You'd hate me for letting you do it!"
"I wouldn't! I promise! Please, I have to do it! If I ever say I hate you, remind me I begged you and you had no choice! So please, Daddy, please, let me suck your cock. Just for one night, and I'll never ask again, and I'll remember when I needed you the most, more than any other time, you came through for me. That's what I'm going to remember when I'm sucking my husbands cock in ten years, that my daddy was there for me. Or do you want me to remember how you failed me, how I had to go next door and suck Mr. Jones' cock because my father wouldn't help me? Which do you want me to remember?"
"Fine," I said.
Heather smiled. "Really?"
"Yeah, fine, go suck Mr. Jones' cock." I stepped out of the way.
Her eyes burned. She charged past me, running down the hall, hitting the front door, disappearing outside.
"She's not going to do it," I said, leaning against the wall. "She can't. Oh, my God."
I left her room, hurrying to the living room, looking out the window. I could see her at Mr. Jones' door, knocking. I prayed he wasn't home, but then the door opened. Heather was saying something. And then she went in, the door closing.
"She's really going to fucking do it! I can't fucking believe this."
I turned away, sitting down in the chair, burying my face in my hands, imagining my pure, innocent little girl sucking on Mr. Jones' cock. No way! I jumped up, charging through the door, crossing the grass. I hammed my fist on the door.
"Open up!" I shouted. "Jones, if you don't open up, I'm breaking this fucking door down!"
It opened. "Brad?"
His belt was loosened, but his pants were still on. I pushed him aside as I charged in. My little girl was sitting on his couch, her phone in hand, ready to record. She was glaring at me. I grabbed her by the arm, pulling her up.
"Brad," Jones said, "she asked me to---"
"Just shut the fuck up."
I dragged my daughter out of his house and crossed my yard. I shoved her through the door, slamming it behind me.
"You've lost your fucking mind!"
"Fuck you!" she screamed. "At least he said yes! I bet he wouldn't fail his daughter! I thought you loved me! I thought---"
"Fine!" I roared. "Fine, suck my cock! I don't give a shit anymore. And when you hate me in ten years, it's your fault!"
"Really?" Heather said, instantly smiling. "Really, I can suck it?"
"This is unfucking believable."
Heather hugged me. "Thank you, Daddy! I promise I won't ever hate you."
"God, I can't believe this is happening to me."
"Daddy, can we do it now? I've got to get the video tonight."
"Right now?" I asked.
"Yes. We have to hurry. I have school in the morning."
"Fine, fuck, right now," I said, shaking my head. "But only three minutes. And I'm not cumming. You can tell your friends you swallowed it or whatever."
"Okay, that's okay. Come on. We have to do it in my bedroom."
She took my hand, pulling me along, closing the door after us. I couldn't believe I was going to let her do this. I kept telling myself I was doing it to protect her from herself, from the shame of sucking some stranger's dick. At least she would know who it was. Maybe it wasn't better, but maybe it wasn't the worst either.
"I have to take my clothes off," she said.
"What?" I said.
"Well, I have to be topless, at least."
"Baby, can't we wave that?"
"I can't. They have to think I did during regular sex. I'll keep my panties on though."
"Fine."
She unbuttoned her shorts and began pushing them down. A pair of white cotton panties appeared. I instantly turned away.
"Daddy," she said, "you sort of have to see this."
I looked back. I was beginning to feel sick to my stomach at the idea of watching my little girl suck my cock, but I told her I would let her do it and now I was stuck. I took in her white panties, looking at them, the way they formed a V where her legs came together. There was no hair around her bikini line, but I already knew that from seeing her poolside. Then she took the bottom of her tank top and pulled it up, her red hair lifting and fanning out before falling back to her shoulders. The bra was white, her milky breasts filling them. I could feel my cock filling up in my jeans. I can't believe I was watching this. My daughter wasn't slowing either. She reached behind her back, unsnapping the bra, and then she brought her arms forward, her breasts falling out.
There they were, both perfect globes, her nipples little and pink, pointing at attention. My cock was full now, straining against my jeans. She must have noticed, because she was staring at my crotch.
"I'm sorry," I said.
"It's okay. It needs to be hard anyway, right?"
"I guess. I just haven't seen a naked woman in long time."
She gave a smile, coming closer, standing on her tiptoes to kiss my check. "Thank you for being there for me, Daddy." She picked up her phone, pressing buttons. "Just press here to record, okay?"
"All right," I said.
She climbed on the bed, sitting on her knees, her panties clinging to her pussy. I could see the crease where her lips met. I stepped closer, my legs right up against the mattress.
"Ready?" she asked.
"Yeah," I said. I pressed record and she looked up at me.
"I'm Heather, and this is how you suck cock."
Her little hands came closer and her fingers trembled as she reached the zipper. She was nibbling on her lip as she unzipped it. She spread open the flap, and then her fingers disappeared inside. When I felt her hand on my cock, I nearly exploded. It had been so long since a woman touched me; I was nearly a virgin myself.
And then she began tugging at it, trying to pull it out. It was clearly bigger than she expected. Her eyebrows were scrunched in concentration as she tried to get a hold of it, gripping the shaft and yanking it out. She gasped, taking her hand away, her eyes huge. It was long and thick, an ugly vein running along the top, the head red and glaring, inches from her pretty face. She looked up at me.
"Daddy, it's huge."
"Baby, you can't say Daddy on camera."
"Oh," she said, looking back down. "Why's it so big?"
"Men come in different sizes."
"But yours isn't like the boys on the other videos."
I pressed stop. The video was ruined now. "Baby, everyone's different."
"It's so big though," she said, looking up again. "I don't think I can fit it in my mouth."
"Do you want to stop?"
"No," she said, looking back down at my cock. "I'm just not sure. I didn't know it would be that big. "
She reached forward, slowly wrapping her hand around it. Her fingers could not connect. She took her hand away again.
"Wow."
"Baby, don't worry about the size. We just need a few minutes of you on camera with it. Maybe you can lick it a little instead."
"No, Daddy, I have to suck it."
She grabbed it again, squeezing the head.
"I might be able to fit this part in my mouth."
Having her maul my cock with her hand was getting me worked up. I couldn't help it. I was throbbing.
"Oh! It moved."
"It does that."
She giggled. "Kind of scared me. I didn't know they moved."
I flexed it for her and it made her giggle again.
"Are you doing that?" she asked.
"Yeah."
"That's so cool."
"Okay, honey, let's just do this video, okay?"
"Okay," she said. "Want me to put your cock back into your jeans so I can pull it out again?"
"Just start from here, with it already out."
"Okay," she said. "I don't think it'll fit back inside your jeans anyway."
I pressed record, pointing at her to start.
"I'm Heather, and this is how you suck a really big cock."
She took a deep breath, moving forward, grabbing it again by the shaft to control it, and then opened her mouth as wide as she could. But then she closed her mouth.
"Hold on, that hurts my jaw," she said.
I stopped the camera. "Baby, please."
"Sorry, I'm just not used to this." She was still holding it, and then she tugged on it. It made me moan. She looked up at the sound. "Does that feel good?"
"You're pulling on my cock, of course it feels good."
"Want me to do it again?"
"Sure," I said, giving in to this. She tugged on the shaft, her hand running along the length. "Fuck..."
She giggled. "You do like it. What's this?"
She touched the tip of my cock with her other hand, coming away with a bit of clear fluid.
"It's precum," I said.
"Precum?"
"It's just some stuff that leaks out when it stays hard for awhile."
"Oh. I didn't know cocks leaked." She gave the shaft another tug and a little bit more came out. "I made more come out."
"I noticed. Baby, please, we have to do this video. You're going to make me cum if you keep yanking on my cock."
"Sorry. Before we do the video, can I get used to it for a minute?"
"What do you mean?"
"Can I try to lick it and stuff? I just need to practice for a second, you know, warm up."
"Fine, just for a minute though."
"Okay. How do I start?"
"Just do whatever you want," I said, not wanting to coach my own daughter on how to suck a cock.
"I have to make it look good. What would Mom do?"
"I don't know."
"Come on, Daddy, help me."
"All right. Kiss it a little. Stroke it. Use your tongue. Run your lips along the shaft."
She leaned forward, her lips puckering. She planted a kiss right on the tip. I exhaled. It felt good.
"Like that?" she said, still gripping my cock in her hand. She squeezed it a few times.
"Yes," I said.
"Your cock feels weird," she said.
"It does?"
"It's hard and soft at the same time. It's all blood in there, huh?"
"Baby, now is now the time for an anatomy lesson."
"This I really making me horny though."
What did she say? I looked down, watching her kiss it again. And then her tongue flicked out, licking along the side.
"Baby, lick along the underneath, from the bottom to the top."
"Why? Will that feel good?"
"Just do what I tell you."
"Okay," she said. "It's okay if you like this Daddy."
"Just lick it, cupcake."
She lifted my cock to get a better view, and then she dipped down, her tongue touching the base of the shaft, running all the way under it to the tip, licking along the piss slit.
"Oh, fuck."
"Mmm," she said. "I can taste that precum stuff. It's weird."
She began licking faster, lapping at the head of my cock.
"Am I doing it right?"
"Yes," I said, reaching down, stroking her cheek with my hand. She took a break from my cock to kiss my palm.
"I love you, Daddy."
"I love you too, cupcake. Can you lick around the slit a little more?"
"Sure!" she said enthusiastically. Her tongue began spearing it, and then I felt her lips round just the head, her tongue flicking back and forth.
"Baby, that's great," I said.
"I'm going to try to fit some into my mouth now," she said.
"Okay."
She grabbed my shaft with both hands, strangling it like a baseball bat, and then her head came down, her jaw opening, her tongue sticking out. The sides of my mushroom touched all around her edges of her lips, but she fit the entire head in her mouth, closing her lips. Fuck, it felt good. I could feel her tongue pushing up against it. I was looking down at her. She mumbled something with my cock in her mouth, giving me a thumbs up. I returned a thumbs up. Then, she began sucking on it.
"Good girl," I said. "Stroke the shaft while you suck."
Her hands went to work, pumping up and down on the shaft, tugging on it. She was clearly inexperienced at hand jobs, but I was so out of practice it felt heavenly. Then she pulled her mouth away, a slippery slurp sounding from her lips.
"Ah," she said. "It hurts my jaw after a while."
I nodded, looking down at her, my cock sticking straight at her face, the head glistening with her saliva. Her hand was rubbing her mouth, wiping the spit from her lips.
"Okay, I think I'm ready," she said.
The video. I had forgotten. I lifted the camera. But then I saw one of her hands slip into her panties, her fingers moving around under the fabric before it came back. She looked up with a guilty smile.
"My pussy is soaking wet doing this."
I wasn't going to yell at her or tell her it was wrong to get wet sucking on a guys cock. I was hard as fuck and this was my daughter. "It's okay, baby. It's natural."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"I usually rub my pussy at night thinking about cocks and sex and stuff."
I reached out, stroking her cheek. "Okay, let's do the video."
"Daddy?" she said. "Would you rub my breasts?"
"What?" I said.
"In the other videos, the boys rubbed the girls' breasts, and then held their head and stuff. Would you do that for me, so it looks real?"
"I'm not sure if I should touch you, baby."
"Please?" she whined. "I'm already sucking your cock. It's not any better if you're touching me."
"All right. Let's just record."
"Okay," she said.
I pressed the button and she smiled up at the camera.
"My name is Heather, and this is how you suck a cock that's too big for you."
She took hold of the shaft again, crushing it in her hands, tugging the skin toward her. Her wet lips came closer and then she opened them, flicking her tongue out at the head. I was eyeing her breasts. I wanted to touch them. I lowered my hand and she instantly moved her arm out of the way so I could get to her. Then my fingers brushed over her small nipples. They were frozen solid. I welcomed them into my palm, my fingertips caressing her breast meat.
Heather moaned on my cock as she kissed it. Then she opened her jaw and let the head of my cock in. Her teeth scraped both the top and bottom, but it felt good. When I pinched her nipples, she nearly bit down on me, squealing in pleasure.
She was sucking now, just on the head, one hand massaging the shaft. I looked for the other, surprised to find it down her little white panties, rubbing her pussy. I could make out her crotch as her hand moved. She had no pubic hair. She must have shaved it all off. I wanted to see her pussy so bad but I reminded myself this was a one time thing, that we were just making a cock-sucking movie, nothing more.
I rolled her nipple between my fingers and she moaned again, the vibration flowing through her lips into my cock. She took a break, pulling her lips away.
"Fuck, it's huge." She glanced up at me, looking into the camera. "Ladies, watch out for boys with giant cocks. They're hard work."
Then her mouth plunged back over my head, but to my surprised, she made a bit of effort down the shaft, her lips grazing over it. I could not help but moan. She lifted up on her knees, spreading her legs open wider so she could fuck herself with her fingers. She was moaning constantly now. I wanted more. I wanted to come. I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to fuck her mouth until I came.
I took my hand from her breasts, lifting it to the back of her head. I grabbed her hair, which made her squeal in surprise, and I yanked her toward me. She gagged, pulling her other hand out of her panties, grabbing my thigh to stop her descent. She had maybe three inches of my eleven in her mouth, but I wanted more. I eased my grip on her head and she slipped all the way off it, coughing, sniffling through her nose, glancing up at me, her eyes watering.
"Careful," she whispered.
I guided her head back down, her hot little lips once again opening to welcome my cock. I felt her tongue run over it and I pulled her in for more, slowly this time, just a couple of inches. Fuck, how I wanted to ram it down her throat. She mumbled again, and I knew that was my cue to slow.
I began pumping the head of my cock in and out of her mouth. She was moaning. She liked that. One of her hands returned to her sopping wet panties, sliding under them, rubbing clit. The other hand abandoned my shaft and began playing with her tits, making her moan more.
I was thrusting harder, more and more of my cock disappearing in her mouth. She began gagging again, looking up at me, her big blue eyes pleading to slow. She reached up, grabbing the shaft again, this time near the head, as if to stop my cock from penetrating her throat.
I needed more. I'd lost all control of myself. I grabbed her wrist and threw it aside. She started to pull her mouth away, but I grabbed her head and thrust forward. Six inches disappeared into her mouth, her throat clenching down around my crown, her jaw stretched to its maximum as this giant piece of meat invaded her mouth. I felt her teeth closing as she struggled, her head trying to pull back. I let her hair go and she pulled off, coughing and gasping.
She looked up at me again with those big eyes. "I can't take that much. It's too big. You have to go slow."
She moved in again, but this time, she did not put me in her mouth. She grabbed the shaft, stroking it up and down as she kissed along the side of my cock, licking it. But I wanted back in her throat. I put my hand on her cheek, turning her head.
"No," she whispered, trying not to let the camera see her speak.
My thumb ran over her lips. They were closed. I grabbed my own cock, taking control of it. She looked up at me with sad eyes, and I gently slapped her across the face with it. Her lower lip trembled and I rubbed my cock head across her mouth, tapping her lips as if I was knocking.
I mouthed to her silently. "Open up. I want in."
She shook her head.
"Open now," I said at a whisper.
Her jaw fell open, her tongue rolling out.
I slid the underside of my cock along that tongue, turning to poke against the inside of her cheek. It bulged. She began licking again. Her hands returned to her breasts and pussy. I could see her middle finger pounding in and out of her cunt. Meanwhile, her other hand was tugging at her nipples, pulling on them with reckless abandon.
I was going slow, just using the front of her mouth. She was enjoying it again, licking and sucking on me. But I wanted back in her throat. She was moaning, and I could tell she was about to cum herself. Her breath was escaping her nose in pants. When she let out a long squeal, and her whole hand crushed her breast, I knew she had come. Now, it was my turn.
I grabbed her head, changed the angle of my cock, and shoved. I felt her throat flex on my cock as it disappeared. Her hands came up to grab me, but it was too late. Half of my cock was in her mouth, and it was all I could take. I exploded, spilling my milky seed down her throat. She pulled away, coughing and gagging, but I was still cumming. It sprayed all over her face. But I like having my cocked sucked while I cum.
I pulled in her head again, shoving myself into her mouth, leaving it there as I came. Her eyes focused on me as I finished cumming. She swallowed some of it, but most of it was running out of her mouth, over her lips, down her tits.
I let out a tired moan as I finished. She started to pull her mouth away, but I grabbed her head, keeping it on my cock.
"Not yet," I whispered. "Keep sucking"
Her eyebrows scrunched up, but she kept the head of my cock in her mouth, sucking, nibbling on it, rolling her tongue. I was softening up. It had been a long time since I had cum that much. I was nearly shaking, my cock was so sensitive. Soon, I had all I could take and I pulled my cock away from her. She looked up at me again, her tongue running over her lips, cleaning away some of my cum. There was plenty on her chin and tits that needed attention. Some had even run down her navel, caught by her panties.
I pointed at the camera. She seemed to forget she had a line.
"Oh. That's how you suck cock."
I turned off the camera, setting her phone down, sighing. I felt terrible. I had set out to let her suck my cock for a couple of minutes, but I had lost control of myself. "You okay, cupcake?"
She nodded with her lower lip between her teeth. She wiped the cum off her chin with the back of her hand.
"There was a lot of that stuff."
I sat down on the bed, pushing my cock into my jeans, zipping them.
"I'm sorry about that."
"It's okay," she said. "Thanks for doing the video."
"Sure," I said. "I didn't mean to get rough with you."
"It's okay. You were horny, huh?"
"Yeah, I think I was."
"It was fun. You kind of hurt my throat though. Your cock is so big, Daddy. How did Mom ever do it?"
"It takes practice. You had some of it in your throat there for a while."
"I know. I almost puked. I wish you had warned me. I didn't like that."
"I'm sorry, baby."
"If it felt good, I'm glad."
"I wasn't the only one who felt good. I saw what you were doing."
Heather shyly covered her bare breasts with one hand, the other resting on her pussy. "I couldn't help it, Daddy. Your cock really made me wet."
I stood up, laughing softly, and then I kissed the top of her head. "All right. At least we're all done. Let's not talk about this again, okay? Let's just pretend it never happened."
"Okay." She said with a nod.
"I'm gonna hit the sack," I said, moving to the door, pausing. "You're not angry with me, are you?"
"Are you kidding? No way. I owe you one."
"Baby, you don't owe me anything. I just don't want you to hate me."
"Aw, Daddy, never."
"Okay, goodnight, cupcake."
"Night, night, Daddy."
I went to bed with a clear conscience. Yes, I had fucked my daughter's mouth, but she had practically made me do it. I regretted it, yet it was unforgettable. I really hoped we would never speak of it again, though I have to admit, I think I'd do it just the same.
The next morning, Heather got herself off to school, like she always did. She left me behind a couple of eggs, some bacon, OJ, and a note: "That's for the help, Daddy. You're the best."
I ate quick before I sped off to work. I was thinking about the blowjob the whole day, on the phone with customers, talking to my boss, you name it, I was thinking of how good my daughter's mouth felt. When I made it home at 5:00, my daughter ran to me and hugged me.
"Daddy, you're home!"
"Hi, cupcake. How was your day?"
"The best ever! Oh, my God, Daddy, I showed my friends the video, and guess what?"
"Wait, cupcake, I thought we weren't going to talk about that."
"It's just this one thing. They were so, so jealous. They loved your cock. Like, all of them wish they were me right now. And they totally thought I gave a good blowjob too. Can you believe me? They thought I was acting innocent on purpose."
I chuckled. "Wow."
"Come on, I made you a steak dinner to say thanks."
She tugged me along by the hand, setting me down to a steak, popping a can of beer for me.
"They were all asking me what's it like to suck a eleven inch cock. They were asking me if I normally deepthroat it and stuff."
"What'd you tell them?" I asked.
"I told them only sometimes, but I have gag problems, and they said with the size of your cock, it was no surprise. And then they asked me what it's like to get fucked by it."
I shook my head. "Don't you kids talk about normal things anymore?"
Heather rolled her eyes. "Sex is the new normal, Daddy. Anyway, I told them you make me sore every night. Does that sound good? They seemed to buy it."
"Works for me. Anyway, how was school? Learn anything good?" I needed a subject change. She had me thinking about sex again.
"Really good. Just the usual though. You're the best Daddy ever. Do you know that?"
"Well, how many father's would let their daughters suck their cocks?"
"Not many," Heather said with a giggle. "If you ever want me to suck it again just for fun, like as a thank you, you can ask me."
"Whoa, honey. Please, no. I don't think so."
"Why not? You didn't like it?" she said, a pouty frown on her face.
"Of course I liked it, but I'm your father. Come on, now. Don't get me thinking about it. I feel bad enough doing it once."
"Okay, Daddy, I understand."
That was the end of the conversation. We went on like normal, pretending it hadn't happened, but every time I saw my daughter smile, I thought of my cock sliding between those lips. When I saw her cleavage, I remembered her perky tits and perfect little nipples. And how could I stop from remembering that beautiful pussy hidden behind those panties. I admit it. I began masturbating thinking about it. Unfortunately, it just got worse from there. It was a few weeks later, another Sunday, when she dropped the news on me. I should have seen it coming the moment she told me we were having steak for dinner.
"Daddy," she said, "I have a favor to ask."
"What?" I said, gulping.
She looked down. "I have another video to show you."
"No, Heather, no."
She bit her lip. "Daddy, I couldn't help it. We all made another dare."
"I can't let you suck it again. I can't, Heather."
"That's not the dare."
"What?"
"Um, the dare was...who can fuck the best."
"Jesus," I said. "Heather, please, no."
"Daddy, just listen for a second."
"No, Heather, no. A blowjob was one thing, but fucking? Are you crazy? This is your virginity now. It's permanent."
"Just let me talk for a second," she said. "Since the blow job thing, I've become, like, a legend at school. Everyone's seen the video."
"Everyone?" I said loudly.
"Yeah, everyone," she said. "People started sharing it. I have random guys coming up to me and hitting on me now."
"Fucking unbelievable," I said.
"I'm like a star," she said. "And now, the dare is for sex."
"Heather, okay, first off, think about this. You realize what sex means, don't you? Sex is sex. Sex is intimate. Sex is children. Sex is the end of the road."
"I know," she said. "But I have a plan."
"A plan? I don't want to hear the plan. Do I have to keep saying it? I'm your father!"
"I know you are. That's why I have a plan. Do you want to hear it or should I go ask Mr. Jones?"
"Don't do this to me again, baby. Don't threaten to run out and fuck someone just to make me do it."
"Daddy, I have to make a video by tomorrow. I don't have a choice."
I put my face in my hands. "Baby, don't you regret what we did at all?"
"No, of course not. Why, do you?"
"Yes!" I said. "It's immoral."
"But I thought you liked it," she said with a pout. "Don't you think you'd like if we did more?"
"Of course I'd like it, but I'd hate myself in the morning."
"Okay, listen," she said. "I told you I have a plan. If you stop arguing and listen, I'll tell you. See, I kind of figured you were going to react like this."
"Oh, did you?" I said.
"Yeah, so I made a plan that will make it so we don't actually have to fuck."
"Oh, I can't wait to hear this."
"Okay, when I put my fingers in my pussy, I can feel my hymen."
"Yes?"
"So, I was thinking. You could just put the head of your cock in a little bit. Just don't pop my cherry. And then for the rest of the video, I'll shoot it from the side or something, so it blocks the penetration part."
"That's the plan? This is crazy."
"Please, Daddy?" she begged. "Don't make me go ask Mr. Jones again."
I exhaled. "So no real sex?"
"Nope. We can fake it."
"Fuck," I said. "I can't believe I'm doing this."
"Then you'll do it?" she said excitedly.
"Yes," I said in defeat.
"Yay! Come on. We have to get started."
She took my hand and dragged me to her room. She started to strip without a second thought, pulling her shirt over her head, pushing her pants down, unsnapping her bra. There were her tits again, milky white, the pink nipples pointing at me. Then, she pushed her panties down, standing up, stepping out of them. Her pussy was bald, completely bald. I could see her little clit between her legs, poking out to say hello. Her pussy looked so small.
"Okay, Daddy, come on. Let's get you undressed."
She helped me take off my shirt and unbutton my pants. I pushed them down, my cock already responding to my daughter. Her eyes sparked to see it.
"Shit. I almost forgot how big it is in real life." She looked up. "Daddy, all my friends think you should be in porno movies."
"I'm building my resume."
She giggled, glancing back down at it. "I'm a little worried. I kind of had a small pussy, and this thing is scary."
"We only have to make it look like we're fucking," I said.
"I know, but having just a little bit in me is going to hurt, I think. I don't think I'm built for big cocks."
She reached out, grabbing the shaft. Her hands felt so good on it, even as she tugged on it like an amateur.
"It's so fucking hard," she said. Her fingers ran along the top, pushing it down, letting it pop back up. "It must feel like getting fucked by a crow bar."
"Baby, let's make the movie."
"Okay," she said, climbing onto her bed, crawling over it. It gave me a perfect view of her ass and pussy. She was already getting wet, her lips separating to welcome any nearby cock. She looked so tight. If I didn't know she was a virgin already, I would have suspected. Her little asshole was all pink. I'd never have a chance to get into that. She turned around, sitting on the bed and spreading her legs open. Then she leaned back against her pillows.
"You're going to have to show me how to do this," she said.
I climbed onto the bed, crawling between her legs, my cock bobbing over her. She reached out, running her fingers underneath the shaft.
"You really like playing with that thing, don't you?" I said.
"I do," she said, looking up at me. "It's fun. I wish I had a boyfriend all the time that would let me play with his." She reached down between her legs, running her fingers over her pussy. "Think the head will fit?"
"We're going to have to try. Are you wet enough?"
"I don't know, but I have lube."
She stretched over to her nightstand, opening the drawer producing a little bottle of KY jelly. She squirted some on her hand, rubbing them together, and then she took hold of my cock, rubbing along the length, squeezing and kneading it between her fingers. I grunted. She smiled up at me.
"Like it?"
"Yeah," I said.
She took her hands away, rubbing the left over jelly across her pussy lips. Then she picked up her phone, getting it ready.
"I'm gonna film this time."
"Okay," I said.
"Remember," she said. "Just push the head in and let it stay there for a minute. Then I put the camera off to the side, and you can pull it out, and just pretend to thrust into me. Keep your cock between my legs and no one will see."
"I got it," I said.
"Okay, here we go." She pressed a button, looking into her phone. "I'm Heather and this is how to fuck a giant cock. Stay jealous, girls."
She turned the phone around, grinning at her daddy, aiming it down on her pretty little pussy. Her legs spread open wider. Her hole was so small, my cock hovering over it like a missile. I leaned in closer, grabbing the shaft, lowering it so the head touched her clit.
"Mmm," she mumbled. "Rub my pussy with that fat cock."
Shit, my daughter was talking dirty. They grow up so fast! But I obeyed, pushing down to let the head cross over her wet pussy lips. Her labia spread open for me. The KY was doing its job, making me slippery as I rubbed up and down.
"Oh," my daughter moaned. "That feels good."
I knew she wasn't saying it for the camera now, because her head was back, not watching the phone.
I aimed for her pretty little cunt and pushed forward, the tip of my head trying to force its way inside. She let out a deep moan, looking down. Her legs lifted, arching up, her toes curling.
"Fuck," she said, looking at half of my crown in her cunt. "Stop, stop, stop. Daddy, stop." She put the phone down. "Fuck it's big."
I eased out. "You okay?"
She shook her head. "Your cock is too big. It's not going to fit."
"I was almost there."
She breathed, sitting up, looking at my cock and then looking down at her cunt. "I thought I could take it, but I'm not sure now."
She grabbed my cock, stroking it.
"Is there any way to make it a little thinner?" she asked, looking up at me.
"No, baby."
"What if it got softer?"
"Baby, I'm looking at you naked and your pussy is soaked. I can't get soft."
"Shit," she said, squeezing her hand around it. "It'd be easier if it wasn't so fucking huge."
"Let me try again," I said. I wanted in her pussy now.
"Okay," she said, lying back.
"Here," I said, taking her feet and lifting them up. "Grab your legs and hold them."
She did as she was told, holding her thighs up, her bare feet hanging in the air.
"What about the camera?" she said.
"We can record in a minute. Let me see if I can slip inside you first."
"Okay," she said. "Go real slow with that giant cock of yours. You'll hurt me if you go fast."
"I know," I said. I grabbed my cock again, aiming for her glistening pussy, spread open as she held her legs apart. I tapped on it a few times, running it over her labia, pressing my piss slit against her clit. She moaned.
"I like it when you rub me there. Your cock feels good like this."
"It's inside where I need to get. Ready?"
"Mmm, yeah. Fuck me nice and slow, okay, Daddy?"
I strangled my cock in my hand as I pushed the head forward. She immediately tensed up, groaning.
"Stop, stop!' she said.
But I didn't want to stop. I wanted in. I leaned my weight into her. She yelped loudly, but the head of my cock popped inside her. Her legs came falling down as she groaned. Then she looked down between her legs, seeing my cock head vanish inside her cunt.
"Oh. Oh, God. It's in. Fuck."
"How's it feel?" I asked.
"Oh, huge."
"You're so fucking tight," I said.
She sat up as best she could, keeping her legs spread out. One hand propped her up as the other came down between her legs. She massaged her clit for a moment and then grabbed my shaft, stroking it up and down. I couldn't help myself. I pushed against her a little more
Heather whimpered. "No more. I can't fit anymore inside my little pussy."
"You're so fucking small."
"And you're fucking huge. God, you're a horse." She stopped stroking my shaft. She was still trying to catch her breath. "I don't know if I can get used to this big thing stuck in me."
"Want me to pull it out?"
"No," she said, staring down at it. "It looks good inside. Just don't move it around. It hurts when you move it."
I flexed my cock, making her gasp.
"Daddy! Don't do that. Your cock is too big. You can't move it like that."
I flexed it again and she moaned, her head falling back.
"Stop it," she whimpered.
I was getting horny sitting here with my cockhead buried in her. I wanted more. I hadn't reached her hymen yet and I figured I could get another inch into her.
"Baby, let me see if you can fit anymore."
"Mmm, no," she said, shaking her head. "You're going to pop my cherry if you try to go any farther. It's too big."
"Just a little bit," I said. And then I pushed. She threw her head back, groaning as an inch sank into her. Her little pussy lips were wrapped around me like her mouth had been. "Nuuyhhh! Okay, stop! Please! Ow, fuck."
She was panting as she looked down. She ran her hand along the shaft.
"How could I ever fit this whole thing in me? This is insane. It hurts to have this much."
"You're a virgin. You just need to loosen up."
"God, I can feel you pressing against my hymen."
She stroked the shaft in her fingers, squeezing at the root.
"Ahh," I said. I tried to push forward, but she squeezed hard.
"Nnnnoooo," she said. "Daddy, you're not supposed to try to fuck me, remember? I'm you're little girl. You're trying to save my cherry for my future husband."
"Fuck, you just feel so good."
She started stroking my cock again, her hand running from the root, all the way up to her pussy lips. I pulled back a little, drawing my cockhead out. She looked down, and then I pushed it back in, nice and slow. It made her groan.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, it's fucking ridiculous. God, why can't I have a daddy with a normal sized cock? I have to have the fucking Hulk's cock."
I chuckled and then reached for her pussy, stroking her little clit with my thumb.
"Ohh," she said. "Aren't we supposed to be recording this?"
"Good point. We need to get this done. I can't sit here all night with my cock stuck in your tight little cunt."
"Daddy, you're so dirty."
I pulled it out and she groaned again. She took a breath and then picked up her phone, sighing, looking into it. She looked exhausted.
"Mmm, this is how you fuck. I'm Heather."
She turned it around, facing her pussy. My cock was already shiny with KY jelly and pussy juices. I tapped once on her lips and they unfolded before me. Then I pushed them aside as my cockhead slipped in. Heather let out another groan. Her legs lifted, her toes clenching closed and then spreading wide open. I kept pushing, feeding another inch into her before I felt the resistance of her hymen.
"Fuck! It's so huge. Okay, stop, stop!"
She moved the camera, setting it down on a pillow so it recorded her from the side. She smiled at me, nodding. Her hand was rubbing her clit frantically as I slipped out. Then I moved forward, as if I was penetrating her, letting my shaft run along her slippery pussy lips. She moaned, liking it, her hand resting on top of my shaft, pinning me between her pussy and her palm. I began thrusting back and forth along her cunt. She began humping upward.
"Oh, God," she said. "This feels so fucking good. I love your cock."
She turned her head, looking at the camera.
"It's so fucking big. God, my pussy is tired."
She looked back, grinning at me, her eyes watching as my cock slid between her hand and her pussy lips.
"Fuck me," she said. "Please fuck me."
I was thrusting harder. I really had to cum. I was so hard I was throbbing and it hurt.
"My pussy," she said. "Fuck my pussy...please."
I wasn't sure if she was acting or asking, but she kept humping up against me as I thrust. Her hand came away, reaching up. She began tugging on her nipples again with both hands. My cock continued to slide over her sensitive little clit.
"I wanna fuck," she mumbled. I didn't think she was talking to the camera anymore. "Just fuck me. Please. Oh, god. I need it. Feels so fucking good."
My thrusts were getting longer, moving farther back as I pushed up along her slit. She was panting.
"I'm gonna cum. Oh, I'm cumming. Uhhh! Ohh!"
She began trashing, moaning out loud. Her pussy spasmed and juices flowed down her thighs, spitting on my cock. She grabbed her phone, bringing it up her face, looking into it.
"I'm Heather and I'm fucked."
She turned it off and set it aside, moaning as she looked down, watching as my cock stroked across her pussy.
"Mmm, okay, you can stop now, Daddy."
But I didn't want to stop. I pulled my cock back, and when I thrust forward, her labia caught the head of my cock. She screamed as three inches ripped into her. I froze in place, looking down. Her legs curled up to her chest and she began whimpering.
"Ow, ow, ow! Take it out, Daddy! Take it out! Ow, fuck! Ow. Daddy, please, take it out."
I slowly withdrew, pulling out of her pussy. The head of my cock was covered in blood. Fuck. Her hand came down, gripping her pussy lips.
"Ow. Oh, no. Daddy, you popped my cherry."
"I'm sorry, baby, it was an accident."
"Ow," she whined. "It hurts so much."
Her legs clenched closed as she rolled on her side, curling up as she gripped her pussy. I could see blood on her fingers. But the damage had been done, and my cock was steel. I grabbed her ankles, turning her back over and spreading her open.
"Daddy?"
"Baby, it's too late."
I moved closer.
"No, Daddy. No."
"Baby, I need it."
She shook her head. "Please, no, Daddy. Your cock is too big. It doesn't fit inside me."
"I'll go slow."
"No, daddy, stop!"
I brought the head of my cock to her pussy lips and pushed. She cried out, reaching down, grabbing my shaft, squeezing to stop it, but it was so slick with lube and pussy juice it moved through her hand effortlessly. Whatever was left of her hymen gave way to me. She screamed, her hands flying up to push my chest back.
"Ow! Daddy, please! My pussy's too little for you! Fuck! You're hurting me!"
"Almost there, cupcake," I said, shoving my cock into her again.
She yelped as three more inches disappeared inside. I was more than halfway in, six inches resting deep in her pussy. I stopped my descent as she whimpered, grabbing at me. She took her hands away, sniffling and crying, covering her face. Her knees came up to her chest, her legs trying to close.
"Daddy, your big cock hurts. Take it out."
I reached down, stroking her clit. "Just relax, cupcake. I'm almost done."
She whimpered. "You took my virginity."
"It was an accident."
She opened her legs and looked down, seeing my cock sticking out of her. "It was not. You shoved that big, mean, fat cock in me even when I asked you to stop."
"I'm sorry, baby. Do you want me to take it out now?"
She nodded, sniffling. "Take your cock out of me. It's not supposed to be in there."
I slowly withdrew. She was still whimpering, but as the head caught at the end, I pushed back in, forcing my cock in deep.
She groaned loudly, reaching down, grabbing my cock, squeezing it, her nails digging into my shaft.
"Nnoooo! Fuck. Daddy, stop! It's too big for my pussy. Why do you keep on pushing it back in?"
"I'm sorry," I said. "I'll take it out now, okay?"
She nodded sadly at me. I pulled back. She was still holding the shaft, and then I drove forward. Her head fell back as she whimpered and moaned.
"Daddy, stop!" she said. "We're not even recording anymore! You don't have to fuck me! Stop pushing it in." She looked down between her legs. I was deep in her now, her hand grasping the root. She took it away. "It hurts. It doesn't fit right, see? Take it out. If you need to cum, I'll suck your cock like before. Please, just stop fucking me. It doesn't feel good."
"Okay, I'll take it out."
"Promise? Or are you just gonna pull it out and shove it back into me again?"
"I'm gonna take it out," I said.
I started to pull back. She watched inch after inch appear.
"You're going to shove your big cock back in me again, aren't you? I know you are."
"Baby, I wouldn't do that," I said, and then I shoved it back into her. Her body tensed up, her legs curling up to her chest. She whimpered with her eyes closed.
"Stop it, Daddy. Stop. I knew you were going to shove that giant cock back into me. Stop it, please."
She pushed against my chest, urging me to pull out. I withdrew and she gave me her sad eyes.
"Not again. Please? Not again. You don't even care about my movie. You just wanna fuck me."
I rammed it forward, making her cry out as I hit her cervix. She whimpered and a fear tears rolled down her cheek.
"Stop fucking me. You're being mean, Daddy."
"It slipped again, baby. I'll pull it out quicker this time."
"You will not. You're just going to keep fucking me until you cum. I know you are."
"No, I'll take it out."
I pushed in harder, giving her another inch. I felt the bottom of pussy. There was no room left.
"Ow! It's too deep, Daddy! Stop it! You're not listening!"
I kept it buried in her, leaning my weight down, my cock bending inside of her. She cried out, whimpering, her lower lip trembling.
"Daddy, please, take it out. If you don't, you're going to cum in my pussy."
"Do you want me to cum?" I asked, slowly drawing back before pushing forward.
She groaned, shaking her head. "You can't cum. You'll make me pregnant. I'm not on anything. We weren't supposed to start fucking. You were just supposed to pretend to put your big cock me." She looked down, seeing her labia wrapped around me, a white film of jelly and pussy juice coating my shaft, helping me in and out of her. "See how much you're stretching my pussy? It's not supposed to stretch like that."
"You really want me to take it out, baby?"
She nodded, biting her lower lip. "Take it out. It doesn't fit right inside me."
I pulled back again, just until the head was ready. I looked up at her.
"Take it out, Daddy, please," she whispered. "No more fucking me tonight. You can't keep shoving that big cock of yours into me. You're not supposed to do that. I'm your daughter."
I finally pulled out, the head of my cock feeling the cool air outside of her burning hot cunt. Her hand came to rest over her pussy lips, rubbing them as she whimpered. They were red and inflamed, with specks of blood on her inner thighs. I was still rock hard and needed to cum, but she was crying now. She rolled over onto her tummy, keeping her legs parted as she rubbed her pussy.
"Ow. Daddy, you're so mean. You fucked me so hard. I can't believe you did that. You just used my pussy."
"I'm sorry, Baby," I said. "I couldn't help myself. You asked a grown man who hasn't had sex in years to put his cock in you."
"You were supposed to pretend to fuck me, not really fuck me. I just wanted to make a stupid video. I didn't want you shove that whole big cock into my pussy. I told you it wasn't going to fit. Why didn't you listen?"
I was staring at her pussy as she massaged it, her legs open. I crawled forward. I couldn't help myself. I needed more. I let the head of my cock come knocking on her fingers.
"Daddy? No, stop."
"Let me in."
"No, Daddy, no. You've fucked me enough. I told you, my pussy's not made for a big cock. I'm all red and sore. Don't put it back in."
"Move your hand."
"Daddy, stop it. You said you didn't want to fuck me, remember? You shouldn't be trying to shove that big thing into my tiny pussy."
"Let me fuck your pussy till I cum."
"But I'll get pregnant."
"I'll pull out. Just move your hand."
"But my pussy hurts."
I tapped her hand with my cock. "Let your father finish. You owe me for everything I've done for you. Now, I need to fuck. Move."
She pulled her hand away from her pussy. "Please, be gentle with me, Daddy. I'm not used to fucking. It's my first time, you know? You can't just shove---ow!"
I shoved into her, burying eight out of eleven inches. She reached back behind her, grabbing my shaft again to stop it. She lifted up on her knees, spreading her legs, giving me more room. I was done being gentle. I pulled back and then pounded forward. She cried out, her whole body moving forward. She reached for her headboard to brace herself. I began fucking her with abandon. She was whimpering and sniveling.
"Slow down! Please! You're splitting me apart. It hurts. It hurts so much. Daddddy!"
I was shoving hard into her now, so hard her knees were lifting off the bed.
"Gentle!" she begged. "My pussy! You're hurting it. Daddy, slow down, please! You're too big! Please! I'm not used to it!"
I was going to cum. Her pussy was so tight, she was strangling me. I don't think I could have pulled out even if I wanted to. I slammed into her one last time and my cum exploded from my balls. She screamed as my entire length disappeared inside of her. Her hands reached back, grabbing my stomach to push me away, but I wasn't moving.
"No, no, no!" she whimpered. "You came in my pussy, Daddy."
"Fuck! Feels good," I said, grabbing her thighs, holding her in place. I slowly began sliding my sensitive cock in and out. She kept up her whimpering, but I was done now, softening. I slowly pulled out. She fell on her side, rolling over, looking down between her legs. Cum was running out.
"Oh, no. Oh, fuck." She looked up with sad eyes. "Daddy, you came all over inside my pussy!"
"Sorry, cupcake."
"What if I get pregnant?" she said.
I crawled up the bed, my half hard cock bobbing. She pulled her neck back, but I reached out, taking her head, pulling her in. Blood and cum smeared across her chin.
"No, Daddy, no. It's all dirty."
"Open."
"Daddy, stop," she said, but as she opened her mouth to speak, I slipped the head of my cock in.
"Suck it."
She mumbled, whimpering but obeying, nursing on my cock, her throat contracting as she swallowed. I fed her a few more inches, reaching her throat. Her tongue was working overtime, moving my soft cock around.
I groaned. "Fuck. That's good. I'm so proud of you, baby."
She whimpered as I pulled my cock out of her mouth. She licked her lips to get the messy cum off her lips.
"Daddy, why'd you make me clean it off?"
"Because I'm a bad father."
"You came in pussy, Daddy. I'm going to get pregnant because of you. You've ruined my life."
"You'll be okay. That's what morning after pills are for." I stood up from the bed. "I'll leave you some money in the morning. Go there after school and take a pill."
She sniffled as she watched me dress, still massaging her inflamed, red pussy. "But what about my pussy? When I'm ready to have sex with a boy, he's going to know I'm not a virgin."
"I know, baby. But you're the one who wanted this."
She had a pouty frown. "I didn't want you to fuck me. I wanted you to pretend. I can't believe you shoved that big thing into me, Daddy. You used me like a whore."
"It was an accident. It slipped in."
"But you wouldn't take your cock out when I asked and you kept pushing it back in."
I kissed her forehead. "I think that's enough videos, don't you?"
"You're mean. That wasn't right, Daddy."
"I told you this was going to happen," I said, shaking my head.
I left her alone in her room and took a shower, cleaning my shaft off. I went to bed early that night. The next morning, Heather wasn't speaking to me. She didn't even leave me breakfast. I went to work, and when I came home, I found a pizza box on the table. I opened it and saw two slices were missing. I guess this was dinner.
A month passed with Heather barely speaking to me, just "Hi," "Bye," and "Dinner's on the stove." I knew I had ruined our relationship. I actually blamed her. I may have lost control and started fucking her, but she's the one who put herself in that position. She had begged me to rub my cock up against her cunt. What's a father to do?
It was another Sunday when she came to me. I was eating Chinese takeout, reading a magazine. She sat down at the table, giving me those big, sad, blue eyes.
"Daddy?"
"Yes?"
"I need to talk to you about something."
I put down my chopsticks. "Baby, I can't keep apologizing."
She shook her head. "It's not that. I want to tell you I forgive you, that I'm not mad at you anymore."
"Well, that's a relief. Maybe things can get to normal around here. I love you a lot, Heather."
"I know, Daddy. I love you too. But I have a favor to ask."
"Okay?"
"I need your help to make another video."
My jaw dropped. "Another one?"
She nodded. "This time, the dare was anal."
I sighed. There was no point arguing with her. "I'll get the lube."
