Angela was searching her brother's desk for her calculator when she ran across an odd-looking jar of brown stuff. She picked it up and read 'Pheromonic Testosteric...' followed by a foreign word not readable or pronounceable. She removed the lid, sniffed: "Mmmh nice," she thought, noticing only a little was gone, then put it back wondering what her geek brother used it for. She found the missing calculator and went back to her room angry and vowing to yell at him for borrowing without asking. He'd even gotten the keys greasy! The jerk!
Angela lives at home and attends the area tech school in a program to become an LPN. She doesn't have the money for college so her aspirations are down-to-earth. She dreams: of working in a hospital, marrying a handsome doctor and moving out to the suburbs someday. She'll pull it off. She's an attractive 19 year-old, slender with beautiful eyes, blond hair, great legs, and blessed with nice, shapely tits. She dates - fucks a regular boyfriend - but it is tough to balance a social life with a job, school and living at home.
When her one decent pen came up missing, she stomped over to Clark's room and found the door locked. He'd been locking it often the last few weeks. She pounded on his door.
"Clark, open up, I want my pen back!" She heard some frantic movements followed by a suspicious delay before he finally opened the door looking breathless and a little sweaty. "What were you doing in there, beating off?" she said angrily.
"Uh, no, of course not, and here's your stupid pen," he said, attempting to close the door but she blocked it with her foot and pushed her way in. As she walked past him, she smelled a musky sweet smell, sort of a mixture of sweat, mild perfume, and pine. He was wiping his hands on his pants as she made her way to his desk. Clark just turned 18 - an average-looking, geeky-smart high school senior. Ripe for teasing.
"So what were you doing, then?" she asked, examining papers and piled up desk junk.
"Just studying ... and doing some pushups," he said, appearing to cover up something.
"Well, stay away from my stuff. If you need something, just ask, Okay?" That was odd - She was almost never nice to him. What was really odd was the vague sense of arousal she felt being in his room. Her nipples had actually gotten icy hard. He was staring openly at the points on her sweater. What wasthat smell, and that stuff on his hands? From that jar she found?
She decided she'd keep trying his door until she found it unlocked. She'd catch him masturbating, or whatever he was doing in there and then really embarrass him. She tried twisting the knob a dozen times over the next couple of weeks and found it consistently locked until...
It was about 9:00 PM when she tiptoed across the hall, gripped the doorknob and quietly turned it. It wasn't locked! He'd finally forgotten. She pushed the door open and crept in. His back was to her as she catuiously stepped forward. She noticed that same musky-sweet, masculine odor from a few weeks ago and again, felt a slight sense of arousal. He was shirtless, sitting in his chair, feet on the desk, hands moving in his lap. She had him!
She tiptoed closer until she could finally see over his shoulder. He was using both hands to rub himself with some kind of lotion. It was on his belly, cock and balls. But what astounded her was the size of the limp penis he was massaging - it was huge!
"Oh my God!" she gasped, feeling strongly aroused at his huge cock, glistening with the stuff he was applying.
"Jeez!" he yelped as he jerked out of his chair, covering up with a towel. "I... I... What... Why are you here? Get out of my room, Angie!"
She didn't move. She couldn't. She was suddenly very aroused; her nipples hardened even further. She wanted - no, needed - a closer look at that big penis. She studied biology and anatomy in her program at school, and she'd seen quite a few cocks in her life, but this was decidedly different. "Show me," she said.
"What?" he said, confused and holding the towel in front of himself.
"Show me your penis. I want to see your penis," she said, not even thinking about what she was saying. This was her little brother - shy, geeky, zits - and she was suddenly feeling horny enough to reach for his towel!
"What? What do you want? What are you doing?" he blurted.
"I just want to see your cock, so drop the towel and then I'll go away," she said, hearing but not believing she said it.
He muttered, "It works," under his breath. Then he smiled anxiously and let her grab the towel from around his waist.
"Oooh, my god!" she said, as she stared at his cock. It was long and thick, hanging limply between his legs. She was struck with a powerful desire to feel it. Part of her brain was telling her this is sick and wrong, but she could not resist. "Can I touch it?" she said pleadingly, reaching toward it.
"Sure," he said, smiling haughtily now. "Sit there on the end of the bed and I'll let you feel it."
"Your cock is so big!" she said as she wrapped her fingers around it. "How did it get that way?" As she gripped it, she felt almost an electric surge.
"Oh, that feels really good," he said. "You know I'm a little shy and haven't dated much, and I obviously don't know about actual sex - about having sex - so I wondering if you can show me? Angie, I know you've had lots of boyfriends, so you know all about this, right? So will you teach me?"
"Nn ... Okay, I'll teach you," she agreed, her brain clouded by wanton sexual fantasies. He began to get erect in her hand as she idly fondled him. His big cock was warm, almost alive as it throbbed in her hands. She could feel her good sense being replaced by irrational lust. "We're a little ahead of where dating usually starts,” she said. “What exactly do you want to know?"
"Well, kissing, for starters, and petting? It's sort of weird for a brother and sister, I know, but you'd just be teaching me. We'd just be practicing."
"Yes, there's nothing wrong with practicing," she replied breathlessly, not understanding how she could agree to this incestuous stuff. "Let's start with kissing," and she reluctantly let go of his hardening member and stood up. She put her arms around the back of his neck and told him to do the same.
"This is hugging," she said squeezing him to her. "And this is kissing," she said, pressing her lips to his. They stayed clamped to each other's lips together for a long kiss, then she inserted her tongue into his mouth. She felt his dick respond further, pressing into her crotch.
"I like kissing!" he said enthusiastically, and pulled her tighter with his hands on her taut butt, now searching her mouth with his tongue. Then, coming up for air, he grabbed at her breasts.
"No! Not like that - like this," and she took off her blouse, bra and skirt. She brought his hands up to her breasts, holding them there and told him to gently rub and massage.
"Your breasts are nice and your nipples feel good. They got hard like my penis gets. Is that good?"
"Yes, it's very good. Now, use your fingers to pinch my nipples. Ooh, that's right, gently roll your fingers ...ugh ... around my nipples ... yes ... like that. You can suck on them if you like," and she cupped her breasts from underneath, pointing them upward toward his mouth.
Clarke pursed his lips and sucked gently at her right nipple, then her left. Her knees began to weaken. Not from his technique, which was clumsy, but the electric, sexual feeling she got as he sucked and licked, getting her nipples wet. Her sexual arousal became stronger as her naked brother sucked her tits, his abnormally large cock pressing against her thighs and crotch.
“That's fun! I think I get the idea.” he said, then pushed her back and sat her down on the end of his bed.
"Could you give me a hand job?" he asked. “I've heard the jocks at school talk about getting hand jobs from their girlfriends."
A frantic alarm went off in her head. A hand job? My brother? But she didn't attempt to leave. Sexual activity with her brother! He ambled forward to stand in front of her. She was mesmerized as she watched that big penis swing from side to side, partially erect and slapping his thighs. Why is this happening? She reached for his cock. Why can't I stop?
"You like the feel of that big cock, don't you Angela?" he said in a confident voice suddenly so unlike her shy little brother. "So, show me what the cheerleaders do to their boyfriends."
She used first one hand and then both on his huge member. It grew larger as she stroked. The shaft became so thick she couldn't reach her hand all the way around it. It was long enough that she could grip the shaft with both hands and still leave several inches uncovered, not counting the mushroom head. Precum began to leak from the tip as she stroked faster and faster.
She felt incredibly turned on as she stared at this huge cock in her hands. Bigger than any boy she had fucked so far. Bigger than the guys in the porno movie she and her girlfriends secretly watched at a party. It was also incredibly hard, smooth and strong feeling - more rigid and dense than any of the boys' she'd been with.
"I'm going to cum," he said very calmly. The sense of confidence and calmness he exuded was eerie, while she was so excited she could barely speak. She was getting juicy between her legs and her panties were getting wet. Precum leaked in a small stream from his cock - enough that her hands got wet and slippery. The tip of his penis was aimed right at her face as she stroked both fists rapidly up and down the meaty shaft.
"Ugh!" he grunted just once and his cock began to pulse vigorously in her hand. He launched several ropy streams at her chin, nose and mouth. She stuck out her tongue, lapped up a glob off her lips, and as she swallowed his seed her own orgasm rippled up through her insides! He continued ejaculating for what seemed like a full minute. Cum began to drip onto her blouse and run down her hands as she massaged him, still cumming herself.
"My God!" she said, astounded at the force and volume he'd unloaded, and feeling weak after her own orgasm. The huge, pulsing cock remained hard in her hands. Much different than the boys who came and then quickly got limp and disinterested.
"How did your dick get so big?" she asked. I've seen you in your underwear - the last time I noticed you were pretty average. And how come you're not getting soft?" She had lots of questions. "What's that delicious smell?" "Why am I even doing this?" she thought, confused and somewhat frightened of her own feelings. She really wanted him to fuck her. How twisted is that?
"It's really pretty simple. I found this sex cream on the Internet - from a porno website in Malaysia. It seems to be strong stuff. Pretty weird, huh? I've been using it for the last month to increase my virility and male attraction - something about pheromones. You can see my cock got a lot bigger! I'm also a lot more potent - I can cum four or five times and stay hard. I've even gained some muscle tone, and my zits are gone! It also said that females would find me irresistible after using it for a while, and that my sense of confidence would increase. The only bad thing is its awful smell. And the web site's gone: I get "The Page Cannot be Displayed" message every time.
"Sexual potency cream? Those things are always bullshit," she said to herself. "Four or five times?" But she couldn't ignore the obvious. He was confident, irresistible, his chest was broader and more muscular, his face was clear, and his cock was huge. Whatever it was didn't smell bad to her - so good in fact it seemed to trigger lustful desire. She wanted to do dirty things with his cock as soon as that odor registered. She started to unbutton her splattered blouse.
"Will you fuck me now?" she asked, amazed at herself for actually wanting something so perverse. She wanted him in her soaked pussy!
"No, not yet, but I need sexual release more often since I started using this stuff, so how about doing me with your hands again tomorrow. Maybe sometime you can show me what a blowjob is. Come to my room after 9:00, tomorrow," he ordered. "I'll leave the door unlocked for you."
Blowjob? Angela was very confused. Her lustful feelings for him overpowered her good sense. She felt disappointment at not fucking, but was thrilled at the thought of handling that monster penis again soon.


His transformation had begun as soon as he received the odd, brown jar. He started by massaging a small dab of foul-smelling cream onto his little dick and testicles each night. It tingled - almost burned - at first. He got an erection and masturbated after each application. After several days he noticed his scrotum and balls getting larger. After a week it was clear that his penis was longer and thicker. He had fewer zits as well. After several weeks he began to measure his erection and saw progress: 8 inches! 9 inches! 10! He became disinterested when his thick hardon went well beyond his 12-inch wooden ruler.
The next several nights she found his door open and Angela eagerly entered. The musky, masculine scent was strong. As soon as she sniffed, her pussy got wet, her nipples got hard, and her will power evaporated. She was immediately a slave to his lovely, big cock. She felt as though she'd do anything for him, for it.
That night he made her spread baby oil all over his penis and balls. He thought it might be sexy to make everything slippery. It was. She gripped the huge shaft in both hands and stroked vigorously until he came forcefully onto her chest. She wiped his semen all over her breasts and nipples, which made them tingle strangely. She wiped up a glob and brought it to her mouth, tasted, swallowed, and was quickly rewarded with an orgasm! There was something strange and addictive about that 'sex lotion' he'd been using.
"I'd like to see you naked while you pleasure me," he said, a few nights later. She removed her clothes, parted her legs and displayed herself for him, hoping he might fuck her. He wanted something else.
"First, I need to know about eating pussy. Tell me what to do." Her heart began to beat very fast as she explained the particulars to him.
"Well, I'm going to lie back on the bed like this. Now, you lay down between my legs so you can reach my pussy with your tongue. Okay, you can lick and suck all along here," and she ran her finger along the length of her slit. "But licking my clit will really get me going," she enthused, pulling her lips back and apart. "Right there," she said, pressing lightly on her distended clitoris.
He gave her a few tentative licks before inserting his tongue into her vagina - just a little way in. As his tongue entered, she felt an orgasm building. Once his tongue was in her, licking and searching, she was rocked with a powerful orgasm. He continued licking and sucking her pussy while waves of a continuous pleasure washed over her.
"Oh my GOD!" she exclaimed, bucking her hips and covering her mouth to avoid screaming. He continued administering wet licks up and down her slit while she writhed as if in pain, cumming continuously.
"You like that, huh," he said dumbly, not aware of the level of ecstasy he'd brought her to. Finally he withdrew his tongue from her pussy and sat up. "I guess girls really get off on cunnilingus."
"Oh - Oh - Yes - Cunnilingus is wonderful," she said, out of breath and weak as the last orgasmic ripples still coursed through her. This confirmed it for Angela. His semen and saliva seemed to trigger orgasms all by themselves. Though she still wanted to feel his giant cock inside, she was almost grateful that he was finished with her for the evening. Something in that stuff he used had turned him into an orgasm machine.
"No, just suck it," he said, standing there wearing only a t-shirt, his massive organ limp and swaying. "I need you to give me a blowjob so I know how it feels." It was only a week later and his cock was clearly longer and thicker.
Give her brother a blowjob! That sexual potency cream must have damaged her brain! With difficulty, she sucked his soft dick into her mouth. She rolled her tongue around it, massaging it wetly and she felt it begin to stiffen and throb. Her head was forced back as it grew larger, pushing against the back of her throat. She caressed it with her hands, sucked and kissed the tip and shaft, and licked him with long, wet strokes of her tongue.
"How do I taste, Angie? Good? You suck really good. Do you practice on your boyfriend's little cock? Is his as nice as mine?" he teased in an arrogant tone totally unlike her geek brother of a few months ago.
"I like yours much better," she said, holding his dick against her cheek, then running her lips up and down the shaft. Once he was fully erect, gripping the base of his cock in her right hand, she could only get the head and part of the shaft into her mouth. His musky smell was intoxicating; overpowering any thought she had about how wrong this incestuous scene was.
She was fearful of the changes in her brother's personality, yet enthralled with the allure of his immense cock. She sucked him vigorously, working with her hands, lips and tongue to pleasure him. He seemed perfectly in control; just standing there with his enormous erection getting all the attention she could give it, with no sign of being close to ejaculating.
"Mmmh," She mouthed, looking up at him after loving his cock for a while. Don't you want to cum for me ... Hmm?"
"Okay," and he simply unloaded into her mouth. No preamble. She couldn't swallow fast enough. Semen ran down her chin onto her breasts. And just as soon as she swallowed she began to cum herself - even more forcefully than before. She held him in her mouth for a long time while his cock pulsed and throbbed and delicious orgasmic spasms cramped her vagina.
"Lick me clean," he said, "including my balls, and don't use your hands." His cock remained rigid as she licked the huge head, then all around the shaft down to the base, then, hands at her sides, she got on her knees to lick his scrotum, his enormous balls shuffling around inside.
"Won't you fuck me now, Clark?" she pleaded. She sat down on the bed, spread her legs and worked her finger into her pussy while he watched.
"No, you're my cock-sucking slut sister," he said. "That's all I need from you."

She didn't understand what was happening to her. It actually turned her on to be called a cock-sucking slut! His attitude toward her had become distant and demeaning, but the chemically induced infatuation with his enormous dick grew so strong she'd lost all self-respect.
When their mother was out, he would have her "help" him in the bathroom. Standing behind him naked, she would be required to hold him, aiming his dick while he pissed. He had her join him in the shower only to wash his penis, and then had her leave without so much as a kiss or a thank you.
Her hunger for his cock grew so strong she would sneak into his room in the middle of the night to sleep next to him. He accepted her attentions as his need for orgasmic release increased. She crawled under the blankets and curled up between his thighs. She caressed his cock with both hands until it began to thicken and stretch out toward her as if it wanted to kiss her. She thought of it as separate from her brother - not his penis - but an independent penis that loved her.
In his bed she clutched his giant erection to her chest, kissed it, licked it, suckled from it for several hours into the morning and woke up with it in her mouth. With their mother still sleeping he would finish off her loving attention with a gushing ejaculation. She gratefully swallowed, knowing this would trigger her own satisfying orgasm.
Meanwhile, he continued to apply the mysterious potion. His penis became so large that he could no longer comfortably wear briefs. He asked her to help him figure out what to do about the prominent bulge. She bought boxer shorts for him, but his limp member hung down below the leg hem. It occurred to her use a silk scarf to tie it to his thigh. This created a long bulge reaching from his crotch toward his knee, but looser slacks helped hide it.
His need for orgasmic release increased with the size of his organ. Angela attended to his sexual needs several times a day: the sleepy early-morning suck off, a vigorous hand job before school, sometimes one after school, sometimes a nightcap. She would occasionally suck him and fondle him while he did his homework, kneeling between his legs. He delayed his own ejaculation while she tended to his cock telling her "... it relaxes me while I study."
Then the drought came. His door was seldom open - only a few times to let her come in to "service" him overnight. But it was either locked when she came home from school or her job, or he just wasn't there. He was out a lot. She became suspicious that he had a girlfriend. Someone else would be playing sex games with his big cock and she felt jealous. Jealous of whomever was his new sex slave.


"Clark, walk with me over to my house after school. We can study for the history final together, okay?” Wendy asked, in her best come-on voice. She had to insert herself next to him, shouldering aside the other girls smiling and talking closely to him.
"Uh, Sure Wendy. I've got some of the important dates memorized already."
That's how it started. Well, it really started earlier. She'd noticed Clark over the past few weeks: he looked ... well, good! The geek was changing. The zits were gone and he walked and talked more confidently. Girls seemed to flock around him all the time. And of course, there was that enticing hint of a bulge in his slacks. Her friends wagered he was 'padding' so she volunteered to check it out. She sat next to him at lunch and, laughing at their small talk, gently put a hand on his leg for emphasis.
"Oh, excuse me, sorry," she said withdrawing her hand. But the thought of what she felt - what it meant - haunted her all day. And the way he smiled at her when she removed her hand, and that cologne he wore. Wow!
Wendy Dean was a classic: Black hair, big dark eyes, and a wide, sensuous mouth. She was graceful, tall and slinky-looking, with breasts that were large for her slender frame, jutting out like a low shelf from her chest wall. She had studied ballet for a number of years until she simply grew too tall and busty for it. The lessons were free because her mother ran her own dance studio.
"Where's the bathroom, Wendy? I gotta go before we start." Clark asked as they entered her house. Of course, he'd been accompanying female classmates home almost every day for the past two or three weeks! Locking the door, he took his potion from his backpack, applied a dab under his balls, and rubbed the remainder on his wrists, like cologne. He removed the scarf tying his cock to his thigh, then had second thoughts and tied it back.
"Let's study in my room, Clark, it's quiet there.” As if it were noisy in the rest of the empty house. They studied for a while before Clark asked about the pictures of her dancing and the toe shoes hanging over her mirror.
"My mom got me into it - she actually danced professionally for a couple years you know. I still practice just to stay in shape, but I'm too tall and too... big here," she said, pointing to her chest. "Hey, would you like me to show you a few of my old moves?"
"Sure Wendy, that'd be great!"
She grabbed one of her old dance leotards and went to the bathroom to change. She was affected like Angela, feeling an odd, powerful sense of sexual arousal. She put the leotard on without panties or bra. It was sheer white and a size too small. She looked at herself in the mirror, observing how blatantly sexual she looked and felt. She was a good girl who had never felt this hot - her brain crowded with insistent sexual images. She came back to her bedroom and watched his eyes grow wider, then close down a bit as he smiled at her.
The too-small leotard was cut low so that when she bent down, her ample cleavage showed. Her nipples were hard and visible behind the thin material, which pulled up into her crotch, clearly outlining her mound and pussy lips.
"Wendy, you look beautiful!" he said as she showed him a couple of turns.
"Thanks! Clark, I've always wondered ... when men watch a woman dance - like ballet for instance - do they really enjoy the dance, or do they watch just to stare at the woman's boobs and crotch?" She was standing before him as she asked, her hands roaming provocatively over her breasts, flat stomach, and down to her pussy.
"Both, I think, but I really like the way you look when you dance, Wendy," he said, approaching her. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her firmly. She melted into him, responding greedily. His hands moved across her back and down until he cupped her ass cheeks pulling her into him. His tongue entered her mouth tasting strongly masculine, sensual, powerful.
He sat on the bed and she stood between his legs, his hands on her ass cheeks, kissing her nipples through the leotard. He moved his hands around to the front and slipped his forefingers into the leg openings of the leotard, slid them down into the crotch and pulled on the material until it tore apart, exposing her.
"Oh my god," she said quietly as his fingers brushed her wet pussy. He pushed the sides of the torn leotard above the wide curve of her hips, then put his hand between her legs and gently massaged her pussy, sliding his middle finger into her. He began moving it in and out, turning it left and right. She slowly rocked her hips in response, and pulled the leotard over her head.
"I hope you don't mind that I tore your leotard, Wendy. Does this feel good?" he asked, looking up at her.
"Yes, keep doing that," and she moaned as he continued attending to her pussy.
"Sit here so I can show you something," he said, withdrawing his wet finger. She sat on the bed, dazed and rawly horny. He turned away and removed shirt, shoes and socks, slacks, and then his boxers. Wendy could see the silk scarf around his left thigh from behind and thought it looked rugged, stylish, sexy. Wearing only his wife-beater T-shirt and the scarf, Clark turned around and Wendy saw his giant organ for the first time, tied to his leg like a gun in a holster. He stood in front of her on the bed and said, "Would you untie this?" pointing to the knot in the scarf.
She gasped then stared, mesmerized. She ran her palm over the scarf, along the length of his cock. "Did you tie your erection down so it doesn't show in school?" she asked, staring at the huge cock.
"It's not an erection... yet. Go ahead and untie me and I'll show you," he explained.
Clark's Malaysian sex cream had "re-wired" him. He now had control over if and when he got erect. He could literally will his penis to become hard or stay limp. With his sister's help, he'd learned he could stay partially erect, fully erect or soft, and stay that way for hours. He could control his orgasms as well, but release was essential - several times a day, in fact.
"Oh, Clark!" Wendy gaped in total disbelief as she untied and dropped the scarf and saw his penis swing away, dangling hugely.
"Watch," he said, "I'll make my cock hard for you," and stepped back, putting his hands on his hips.
"Goodness," Wendy whispered, as she watched his penis begin to magically lengthen and thicken. It slowly drifted hydraulically upward, the bulbous head increasing in size before her eyes. "Clark! You're just making that happen?"
"Feel it." He pointed, halting the process when his cock pointed at a shallow angle toward the floor.
Wendy squirmed excitedly, breathing hard as she wrapped her fingers around it. She felt an electric tingle, sensing how warm and hard it was and marveling at its incredible size. She stroked it with both hands now, moving them along its length as it throbbed under her fingers.
He made his cock course slowly up to full hardness while she continued caressing it. It stretched upward and outward, the tip extending toward her face.
"It's soooo big. And soooo hard. My god!" She continued sliding her hands rhythmically up and down its rigid length. "I love the feel of your cock, Clark. Do you want me to do anything special with it, hmmm?" she asked, and she kissed the tip and rolled her tongue around the head.


Mrs. Dean watched her daughter and the good-looking boy with the enormous penis through the crack in the door. Shocked and angry at first, and ready to burst into the room, she held back, fascinated and feeling a bit horny. She'd wondered about her pretty daughter's sex life and now she knew. But the boy! My goodness! He was endowed like a donkey and seemed able to control his penis as if it were his arm! And he was clearly an accomplished lover for one so young.
The more she watched, the more aroused Pam Dean became. She idly touched her breasts and crotch when Wendy danced for him. When he tore the crotch of her leotard, she started to stroke her pussy through her own. When he simply stood there, growing a giant erection - oh my! And as she observed her daughter lovingly fondle the young man's huge hardon, she pulled the crotch of her leotard aside and slipped two fingers into her own wet and swollen cunt.
She watched Wendy lick his big cock and suck it into her mouth when she decided to act. Fully intending to throw the young man out and ground Wendy forever, she composed herself and marched into the room.
"Mom! Omigod!” Wendy said, wiping saliva off her chin, looking sheepish.
"Wendy! What - in - the - world!! ..." She yelled and then stopped. There was a musky, sweet scent in the room, sexy, irresistible. The young man did not cover up. He stood there, hands on his hips, a haughtily smile on his face, with his tremendous erection pointing at her. She stepped forward to scold him, tell him to get out, but was overwhelmed with erotic feelings.
"My name's Clark, Mrs. Dean. Wouldn't you like to take off your clothes, too?" he said, stroking his hardon.
A voice in her head said, "Stop! This situation is out of control!" But the voice was crowded out with lust, her will power dissipating as she stared at the young man's cock and his hand slowly moving up and down it's rigid shaft.
"Mom?” Wendy said, puzzled as her mother, as if in a fog, began to slowly disrobe.
"You have a nice body, Mrs. Dean. Your breasts aren't as large as Wendy's, but you have a nice ass and a pretty pussy," he said, and embraced and kissed her, his cock sliding between her legs, along the folds of her pussy. He gently pushed his hips against her while his tongue explored her mouth. Wendy just stared, confused and aroused.
Mrs. Dean kissed him back, rocking her hips to intensify the stimulation his cock provided between her legs. Her daughter's boyfriend "... is a man!" she thought, "and he says I have a pretty pussy!" A man, a lover with a great big cock, so she might as well enjoy it!
"Can I suck it?” Pam Dean asked.
"You can both suck it. Wendy, you kneel here. Mrs. Dean, kneel facing Wendy. Closer,” Clark ordered. He maneuvered his cock between them and had mother and daughter take turns. Each took him deeply in her mouth while the other massaged his balls and stroked the massive erection. With his penis pressed between their mouths, they slid their lips and tongues up and down the shaft in parallel, almost kissing. They sucked, licked and fondled till he decided to ejaculate into Wendy's mouth. He knew what would happen.
"Mmmmmffffff!" Wendy croaked, as semen hit the back of her throat. Then the orgasm began to flow up her insides in repeating waves. She sat back heavily onto the floor, breathing hard through her open mouth and cupping her cunt with both hands. "MMmm ... MMMmm ... MMMmm!" she moaned loudly.
Mrs. Dean observed Wendy obviously experiencing an orgasm, wondering how it was possible. She felt envious!
"Lie on your back across the bed, Mrs. Dean," Clark ordered. "Scoot down so your ass is on the edge. Yeah." Then he knelt down, put his arms under her thighs and brought her legs up onto his shoulders. His face now just inches from her trim bush and puffy, pink pussy lips he offered again, "You really do have a pretty pussy."
Her pussy was wet and musky and tasted like sex should taste. He licked along the outer lips tickling her clitoris with the tip of his tongue. Finding her inner lips, he plowed his tongue deep into her vagina, licking her furiously.
"Ahh! AHHH! AHHHHHH!!!" she screamed in orgasmic delirium. He lapped at her pussy lips; spread them apart and sucked at her clitoris. He extended his tongue and moved his head forward and back stabbing repeatedly into her, fucking her with his tongue. She came continuously. He'd sent her to heaven and hadn't even used that giant cock yet.
"Wendy, lie here next to your mother. Now bring your knees up. Good." With mother and daughter lying beside each other across the bed, Clark gripped Wendy's ankles, and brought them up to shoulder height. He held her ankles, spread her outstretched legs apart, and then flopped his cock onto her belly. Her mother was still cumming mildly, massaging her pussy.
"What do you want, Wendy?" he asked, in a taunting, arrogant tone.
"Fuck me."
"What?"
"Fuck me please, Clark!"
"Do you hear that, Mrs. Dean? Your daughter wants me to fuck her." He moved his hips gradually backward causing his cock to slide down her belly. He dragged the tip along Wendy's wet pussy lips and positioned it at the entrance to her vagina, then began to push slowly into her, stretching her. Her cunt was liberally lubricated as he pushed in further and further. She began to moan in delight as her insides were deliciously stretched.
"Do you like it?” Clark taunted, "Do you like feeling my big dick sliding in and out? Your boyfriend, Sammy is a football player isn't he? Does it feel this good when he fucks you?"
Wendy shook her head, 'no' unable to gasp out words. She moaned loudly as Clark picked up the pace. His enormous organ bumped the top of her womb each time he slid deep into her and she gasped with anticipation at being completely filled up. Her mother continued masturbating next to Wendy, watching Clark's hips thrusting forward and back. She watched his glistening shaft stroking in and out, wondering what it would feel like inside.
Clark spread Wendy's legs even farther apart, holding her ankles with outstretched arms so her mom could watch. Her young vagina was warm and slippery; gripping his cock in a tight, velvety glove that felt better than any mouth he'd had his cock in. He felt his own orgasm begin to build and decided to let loose. Clark grunted loudly and slammed forward.
"AAIEEEEEE!!” Wendy screamed as he started pumping into her. His organ pulsed inside her as they both came powerfully. Wendy writhed and bucked, cumming furiously, pinching and pulling her nipples so hard they hurt.
Startled at the noise and the obvious intensity of her daughter's orgasm, Mrs. Dean sat up and watched while Clark slowed his thrusts to slow, deep strokes. Finally, he withdrew from Wendy's dripping cunt and ordered Mrs. Dean to prepare - she was next.
"Lick me clean, Mrs. Dean, Mrs. Dean," he rhymed, "We're gonna have our own sex scene, indeed." He pushed his swollen, dripping cock into her face. She licked the bulbous head, then ran her tongue up and down the shaft while he toyed with her hard nipples.
When he felt ready again, Clark had her lay on her back like her daughter. He positioned his cock head at her vagina and began to push, but had trouble getting the head past her tight opening.
"Wendy, please get the KY Jelly. It's in the drawer in my night table," Mrs. Dean implored, eager for that big cock. Wendy returned with the KY and a good-sized vibrator. She squeezed out a liberal gob of the stuff and smoothed it over Clark's cock. Kneeling next to her mother, she gripped the shaft and guided it toward her mother's pussy. She wiggled the head against the lips, spreading them apart as Clark began to push slowly forward.
He slowly slipped into her tight vagina, forward an inch, back a half inch, then forward another inch, repeating till he bumped against the end of her womb. Mrs. Dean was in ecstasy with her pussy completely filled and stretched by this boy's gorgeous cock.
"Fuck me," she said, enjoying the lurid sound of it as she said it. "Fuck me with that thing of yours!"
Clark began to piston in and out with methodical, machine-like movements, holding her legs wide apart at the ankles. He was impressed. She was tighter and warmer than her daughter and threw herself into fucking, moaning with each stroke and talking dirty. Sweat began to form on his forehead and chest.
"Oh, yes! Keep pumping! Ohhh. Ohhh. Ohhh. OHhh!" she repeated. "I love the way you're fucking me! Use me up, Clark! Fill my pussy with your big cock! A little voice in her head was screaming that her adult sensibilities had been overwhelmed by something unnatural. But she was helpless as waves of raw pleasure consumed her.
Wendy listened to the x-rated babbling and watched Clark pound her mother's pussy. Her emotions were a stew of shock, awe, and lust. Her brain soaked in sex, she laid down on her back, spread her legs so Clark had a good view, applied KY to the vibrator, clicked it on and began sliding it over her pussy. Clark watched it disappear into her juicy cunt.
Mrs. Dean felt an orgasm building as Clark steadily reamed her. He brought her ankles together in front of his face, which squeezed her cunt even tighter around his cock, while he continued to thrust convincingly.
"OH! CLARK! OOOOOO..." she yelled, cumming, straining so hard she almost peed.
Clark then leveraged her legs down to the bed so she was now laying on her left side, still impaled on his erection. He coached her to move her knees up toward her chest as he worked his cock in, out and around. He bent over a bit and braced his hands on her thigh and her hip. Both their sexual sensations were exaggerated with his massive cock squeezed tightly into her, his weight compressing her legs. He picked up the pace of his thrusts as he began building toward a massive orgasm.
"This - is - insane!" Mrs. Dean yelled in the general direction of her daughter. The vibrator hummed contentedly in Wendy's tender pussy while she watched her mother, Clark's fuck toy, writhe on the bed.
Wendy stroked herself to warm sexual release, while Clark unloaded in several forceful spasms. Mrs. Dean felt the power of Clark's cock rock her insides with a crippling orgasm. She pulled up further into the fetal position, tears running across her nose, dripping onto the bedspread. He leaned over her curled up form, his cock still rigid as a closet rod, buried deep in her pussy. He could feel her vaginal muscles twitching periodically around his member, the last remnants of her orgasm.
"Would you like to play this game again soon?" he whispered in her ear, finally withdrawing his tool.
"What planet are you from?" Mrs. Dean joked as she sat up, sweaty and weak. "Yes, I'd like to get fucked like that again. My God! You're a machine - An orgasm machine! How many times does a divorced, dance-teacher mom get to have supernatural sex? Umm, How about I get a room at the Hilton for Friday night? Meet me in the lobby at 7:00?"
"Wendy too."


Angela watched Clark leave about 6:30 carrying a gym bag. She jumped into her beater Corolla and tailed him, just like in the movies. Maybe she'd find out who his new playmate is and surprise them both!
At the hotel she lagged behind and watched him talk to a woman - no, TWO women - in the lobby. Both women were dressed in very sexy clothing and makeup: the taller, younger-looking one with the big tits had on a very tight sweater, a short, frilly skirt and high heels. The shorter, older one had on a classic little black dress, heels and makeup to die for. Heads turned in the lobby as the sexy women with the erect posture began walking slowly toward the elevator with the handsome young man.
Angela raced across the lobby and jammed her arm in the closing elevator doors, making them ease back open.
"Hello Clark. Hello ladies. I'll be joining you all tonight," she boldly asserted. Mother and daughter stared at Angela, and all three of them breathed in Clark's intoxicating, musky aroma.
"Angela! You can see I'm a little busy," Clark said. What are you doing here anyway? You followed me? Why don't you just head home.”
"I don't think so. I'll be joining the two - three? of you, or hotel security will hear about this."
Clark was confident, but not stupid, so he relented. "Ladies, this is my sister Angela and she'll be coming up to the room with us." Besides, having his sister there might make it even more fun.
The four of them entered, sat down and realized that short of sex, they had little in common and nothing to discuss, but any inhibitions they had evaporated with Clark's sex-drenched emanations.
"How about strip poker!" offered Mrs. Dean. "I haven't played it since I was in school."
"Mom!" said Wendy on top of Clark and Angela's mumbled: "Okay, I guess." Mrs. Dean called room service for playing cards, and ordered sandwiches, salads and Cokes. They sat on the floor, munching and dealing cards.
Clark was an abysmally bad player. The women enjoyed watching him remove shoes, socks, shirt and slacks while they were still mostly dressed. He now wore only his boxers with his penis hanging outside the hem against his leg. Mrs. Dean licked her lips, the girls stared.
Then Wendy began to steadily lose. She was down to thong panties, thigh-highs, and her sweater when the tight sweater went up over her head, her large breasts jiggling provocatively with each movement. Her mother was obviously proud of her beautiful daughter, and even Angela thought she looked hot in the thong and thigh-highs.
Clark lost again and removed the boxers, his last piece of clothing.
"Well, game over! How about we let you keep playing if you give yourself a hardon the next time you lose," Mrs. Dean said, delighted with her idea.
Mrs. Dean's black dress came off in the next hand and now she was down to panties, thigh highs and a thin, sheer bra highlighting her dark erect nipples. Clark thought she looked extremely fuckable dressed only in lingerie, her dark eyes accentuated with makeup, red lips glistening.
All three women got enthusiastic as Clark lost again.
"Time for you to make your penis get hard, Clark. Stand up so we can see!"
He stood between them, put his hands on his hips and willed himself to a partial erection. The women watched with childlike amazement as it began to extend, curving down toward the floor at the same time that it throbbed and thickened. The room was filled with the musky scent of sex.
"Like this?" he asked.
"More!" all three yelled, hardly containing their excitement.
"It'll need some attention if you want it bigger," he said gripping his cock. All three bounced up to their knees - Wendy and Pam Dean on either side and Angela in the prime center spot.
With her hands propped on her knees, Angela leaned forward, opened her mouth wide, stuck out her tongue and slid it under the head of his cock. Then she wrapped her lips around it in an exaggerated gesture. Wendy and her mother looked on curiously. This was, after all, her brother's penis that she was so lovingly starting to fellate. The Deans planted their lips on either side of the shaft and began running their mouths up and down it.
A while later Wendy switched places with Angela: "My turn!" Mrs. Dean followed the two younger women, feverishly using her mouth on Clark's cock, bringing him to a full, rigid hardon sticking so far out from his body it looked physically impossible.
Wendy and Angela ran their tongues and lips up and down the shaft while Mrs. Dean planted wet kisses on the head, running her tongue all around it before sucking it deep into her throat. Wendy and Angela bumped into Pam's mouth on her down stroke into a three-way kiss with Clark's erect penis in the center.
Seeing the women "kiss" around his cock gave Clark an idea.
"Wendy, get on the bed with Angela, okay?"
"On the bed with your sister?" she asked, knowing what he wanted, resisting only weakly.
"Yes, lay down and take each other's clothes off and ... see what happens.
Wendy climbed onto the bed with Angela and, giving Clark a questioning look, began undoing Angela's buttons.
"Mrs. Dean, suck my cock while I watch." The thought of her daughter on the bed with Angela was troubling but exciting too. "That's it, keep going," he told Angie. Mrs. Dean began sliding her mouth up and down his pole, her hands cupped around his balls and the base of his cock.
Wendy and Angela stripped each other down to panties when Angie gave Clark a questioning look. He just nodded at her; she knew what to do. Propped on her elbow, she leaned down and kissed Wendy on the lips. Her hand began to flutter over Wendy's breasts and belly. Slowly Clark watched Angela's hand begin to creep toward Wendy's thong-covered pussy. Her saw her hand cover Wendy's crotch and then her middle finger begin to stroke slowly up and down.
Angie leaned down to Wendy's large breasts and gently began kissing her nipples and licking all around her dark and dimpled areolas. Wendy's inhibitions were gone. She accepted the deviant attention, breathing shallowly. Her hand found its way between Angie's legs and in the charged sexual atmosphere, Angie spread them wide so Clark could see Wendy's fingers stroking along her slit.
As their passion got serious, Angie pushed Wendy back on the bed, then slowly kissed her way across her breasts, licked her way to her navel and down to the waistband of the panties. She pulled them off Wendy's hips, laid down between her legs, running her hands up the insides of her thighs to her puffy lips. Her own inhibitions demolished, she brought her face closer and licked another girl's pussy for the first time.
The show that his sister was putting on with Wendy brought Clark to a new level of arousal. Mrs. Dean could sense the sexual tension through his throbbing cock. She felt Clark's organ stiffen and pulse and then several jets of cum hit her throat. As she swallowed she felt her pussy convulse and waves of pleasure drifted through her insides. She knelt next to him, a glazed-over look on her face, fondling his cock while she watched Angie begin to lick her daughter's pussy.
"Does this mean Wendy is a lesbian?" she asked Clark in a quiet, almost slurred voice.
"I don't think so. I think they're both just having a good time," Clark said while his sister licked Wendy's pussy, making 'Mmmmh' noises with each slurpy stroke. Wendy spread her legs out wide to either side so they formed virtually a straight line from pointed toe to pointed toe - a dancer's flexibility. Clark and Mrs. Dean could clearly see her wet, pink pussy lips and stiff little clitoris getting lapped.
"You make my pussy feel so good, Angie. I think I'm going to cum," she said languorously. Angie slipped a finger into her and continued to lick when Wendy brought her feet back on the bed and started to thrust her hips up to meet Angie's mouth.
"Ohhh, Angie!" she moaned, pulling up on her pubis to tighten the skin and heighten her sensation.
"Climb up here," Clark said to Mrs. Dean, holding his cock. She straddled Clark's lap facing away from him and with difficulty began to sit down on his huge erection, slowly sliding it into her wet cunt. She planted her feet on the floor on either side of his outstretched legs and began bending and straightening her knees, fucking herself on the giant cock.
Angela got off the bed and stood facing Clark and Mrs. Dean. Wendy sat down on the floor in front of her and inserted her index finger into Angie's vagina. She slid her finger in and out as Angie spread her legs. Wendy reached up with her tongue and started lapping at Angie's pussy while fingering her.
"Help Wendy out, Mrs. Dean. You eat Angie from behind, " Clark said, lifting her off of his cock and pushing her toward the two younger women.
Mrs. Dean, compliant, squatted down behind Angie, cupped her ass cheeks and starting licking her from above her anus to her vagina, meeting her daughter's tongue in the middle. Angie, feeling two warm, wet tongues between her legs from front and back started rocking her hips gently back and forth helping herself reach a creamy orgasm. She smiled at Clark as he fondled his cock.
Clark stepped over to the three women, deciding to bury his cock in all three of them, Wendy first. He laid down on his back on the large bed while the women ran their hands over his balls, up and down the shaft of his big penis, each taking turns sucking, admiring it.
"It's so hard! Feel it throb when she sucks. I can't wait to get fucked by this again!" They giggled, childlike grins on their faces as they played with their giant toy.
Wendy then straddled him, planting her feet on either side of his hips, then squatting down slowly to slide his cock up her channel. She felt completely filled. Her legs got tired from squatting up and down, so Clark had her move to her hands and knees, getting behind her. He worked his organ into her and started stroking in and out.
"Oh, My God!" she screamed feeling both pleasure and pain as his giant cock thrust rapidly into her juicy cunt.
Meanwhile, Angie slid underneath her Wendy and spread her legs, positioning her pussy in line with Wendy's mouth. Wendy smiled, bent her head down, and sucked at Angie's pink pussy. Mrs. Dean got directly behind Clark, holding onto his hips and pressing her breasts into his back. When he slowed his thrusts, she reached around to his cock and held it in her fist while he slowly drove it into her daughter.
Clark gradually increased his thrusts as he neared cumming. He pulsed into her, jerking forward in several spasms. Wendy came, grunting in a high-pitched screech, then collapsed, dropping her head into Angie's crotch.
Clark withdrew his dripping cock, still throbbing, and had Mrs. Dean slide into position in place of Wendy. He pushed his cock into her in the missionary position until he bottomed out. She grunted loudly and started bucking and writhing to meet his thrusts. Clark unloaded again and she convulsed with pleasure for a second time that evening.
Clark withdrew from Pam Dean's pussy, his dick dripping and throbbing, the head a dark red color, veins pulsing in the long, thick shaft. He stood up on the bed, placing his hands on his hips, proudly displaying his huge prick, glistening with pussy juice and cum from the Dean women. He then allowed himself to go soft.
"Awwww," the women cooed in unison. "We like it better when it's hard!"
"My turn," Angie said in an alluring, girlish voice. She walked on her knees over to Clark's penis, now limp and swaying. She caressed it lovingly with her both hands, massaging it while she looked into his eyes.
"Let yourself get erect, Clark," she implored, and lifted his cock to her mouth to kiss the slit and lick all around the head. His dick lengthened and thickened as she administered soft licks and kisses. The Dean's, also walking on knees, got on either side of him. They kissed and caressed his ass cheeks and massaged the base of his cock and big balls with their hands while Angie sucked and licked his cock.
"Lay down there on your side, Angie," Clark ordered, now rigid again. He then lay down on his side facing her and had Pam and Wendy help lift Angie's leg up and position his cock against her pussy. Mother and daughter lay down behind the brother and sister, pressing their breasts into their backs and supporting Angie's upraised leg.
"What do you want, Angie?" he asked, staring into her eyes.
"Fuck me."
"You want your brother to fuck you?"
"Yes, brother dear, fuck me!" and Clark thrust hard. Angie gasped as his cock drove into her. Clark watched her face contort with pleasure and pain.
"Ohmigod!" She yelled, stuffed like she'd never been before. "YIKES! I feel like I'm splitting in two!" she said as her pussy was stretched and filled to overflowing. Clark slowly slid his cock in and out, stroking rhythmically, gradually increasing the pace.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she squeaked as each thrust pummeled her pussy. "AH! AH! AH!" she yelled louder as she neared her climax.
Clark grunted once and unloaded a river into her that set her insides in motion. Her orgasm spouted up through her vagina ending in a cramped, tingling sensation at the back of her neck. Finally, she'd been fucked by her brother's giant cock!
"Whew!" she said, limp and sweaty. "It was worth the wait."
"Next Friday?" Clark asked over his shoulder, "Same time, same place?"
"Oh yes!" the women chorused together.
So, when you see three sexy-looking women out together, friendly, close, with contented smiles, you now have some background. Search for the arrogant-looking young man with a bulge in his slacks nearby.
Incidentally, Serena, a classmate of Clark's recently found an elusive Malaysian website. She's a skinny, nerdy girl with glasses who ordered a breast enlargement cream: "Pheromonic Pregnenolonic ..." followed by two more unpronounceable words. In very small print on the little insert that accompanied the jar, she read "... sexually addictive breast milk." But that's another story.
