Editor's note: this submission contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sexual situations.
*
His eyes were wide with terror and now a new feeling was coming over him... a feeling of excitement. The man was now pulling the full length out of him. Moments ago, he had been stuffed and stretched and filled with so much cock he thought his insides would burst. But they didn't, and as the man held his massive cock in place, Jamie could feel his ass stretch to accommodate the intruder. Pain slowly turned to an odd pleasure.
He yelped uncontrollably when the man made the first painful thrust. The bastard didn't hold back either. He slammed his crotch right into Jamie's rear, his rock hard dick forcing its way inside. Now after what seemed like hours, but was really only a few minutes, he was pulling out slowly. Inch by glorious inch, Jamie could feel the cock being guided out of his ass.
"Oh," was all that Jamie could manage to say.
"That's right," said the man. "Just let your muscles relax. It's almost out."
But he didn't pull all the way out. Jamie could feel the man's cock head resting at the rim of his ass. He looked up into the man's face for some sense of what he was planning to do next. But his expression was of maddened lust. A smile spread across his face and his eyes were half closed in pure sexual bliss as he held his cock in place.
"Well?" Jamie asked.
"I'm just enjoying your tightness," said the man as he reached over the front seats and into the glove compartment.
He pulled out a bottle of JoyLube and flicked the lid open. Jamie lay on his back, his legs spread as wide as a five-dollar whore despite the cramped backseat of the compact car. He watched the man squeeze gobs of the slick and gooey lube all over his crotch. Jamie wondered how much longer this would take. He also wondered how the hell he had let himself into this mess in the first place.
Rebecca, or Becca, was the hottest piece of ass Jamie ever laid eyes on. She was blond, tall and slim, had a tight ass, and the sexiest rack of 36DD fake tits. She was 22 years old and he had met her on one of those Internet dating sites. 36-22-34... those were the magic numbers that led him to pursue a date with her. He was amazed when she agreed to meet him.
He discovered that she was a very forward thinking kind of girl. When she found out that Jamie was a website designer, she saw an opportunity. She wanted to host her own website. One of those sites where a customer enters a credit card number and a girl strips and chats with them on a webcam. But she didn't know how to set it up nor the money to pay someone to do it for her. Jamie knew how. She asked him to help, but when he seemed a little jittery about actually doing it, well, that's when Becca had to do her thing.
She started fucking him like a mink. Hot, long, sweaty fucks. And blowjobs all the time. In the car. In the elevator. At the grocery store. Under the table in a restaurant. She was going to get this undersexed nerd totally addicted to sex. Addicted to her. And when he was... then she would have him. He would do anything and everything for her.
A few weeks later she had her website and was making money hand over fist. It just poured in and all she had to do was shake her tits or ride a long black dildo on a webcam for some stranger she couldn't even see. Easy money.
The sex with Jamie slowed down. She'd give him a blowjob here or there when she needed an update or maintenance on the website, but the long sweaty fucks were a thing of the past. Jamie hung around anyway. He was completely entranced by her beauty and the prospect of sex. He'd do absolutely anything for her.
That's why he found himself in the backseat of a small Japanese compact car in a used car lot... with a man. Becca needed a new car and asked Jamie to go car shopping with her. But, when she tried to offer the salesman a blowjob in exchange for a great deal on a car, his attention turned to Jamie. He eyed Jamie like a hungry wolf and offered to take $1000 off the sticker price if Jamie would polish his knob.
"No fucking way," was Jamie's initial response.
But the promise of wet shower sex with Becca and her Brazilian friend Claudia changed Jamie's mind. He reluctantly, nervously, agreed. He had never touched another man's dick in his life. This would be his first time - and last as far as he was concerned.
They walked to the far end of the lot with the salesman. His name was Rod Goodlong. He was in his forties, handsome, nice and tan, in amazing shape for a man his age. And he was well endowed.
When they reached the car, Mr. Goodlong pointed out that it was gently used. Becca fell in love with it immediately as Mr. Goodlong opened the door and motioned for Jamie to get in. "Well, hop on in, hot stuff," he said, giving him a wink. He could already feel his cock thickening as he looked over his young, soon-to-be boy toy.
"Don't call me that," said Jamie as he was having second thoughts. He began to back away but Becca was there, blocking his path.
"Oh please, Jamie, do this for me," she pouted. "Mr. Goodlong, can I just have a sec with Jamie alone?"
"Sure, babe," he said as he held his hands up in a calming gesture and took a couple of steps back.
"Look, Jamie, this'll go quick," she assured Jamie. "The guy probably has a small dick and will cum in less than a minute. Just grip him at the base of his dick and suck the head hard while you pump. Maybe lick around the head a bit. He'll cum quickest that way."
"Okay," he said, trying to calm himself down. "Lick around the head, pump at the base, suck hard. Got it."
"Great! Go to it, Jamie. You can do this." She pumped her fist in an aggressive manner to try and get him psyched for the blowjob.
"I can do this!" he said as he stepped past Mr. Goodlong and climbed into the backseat of the tiny car.
"Okay, sugar bomb," Mr. Goodlong said to Becca as he glanced around the lot before climbing in after Jamie. "Just knock on the window if you see anyone coming our way."
"Will do, Mr. Goodlong," she said as she tried to call in to Jamie before Mr. Goodlong closed the door. "Go get 'em, Jamie! You can do it!" She jumped up and down while clapping her hands, making her big tits jiggle.
Inside the car, Jamie could smell Mr. Goodlong's cheap cologne. He sat there stunned, not having a clue what to do next as Mr. Goodlong began unfastening his belt and pants. He quickly pulled them off, exposing a pair of heart-covered, silk boxers with a massive bulge at the crotch.
Jamie gulped hard. That can't be his dick. Becca said it was small. It was supposed to be small. But Mr. Goodlong began pulling down his silky boxers and the massive, semi-hard slab of meat that made up his cock flopped out with a loud thud as it slapped against the car seat.
"Sweet Jezzuz!" exclaimed Jamie as his eyes bulged in terror.
"That's why they call me Goodlong," Mr. Goodlong said as he smiled and winked at Jamie. "Rod Goodlong."
"I... I didn't know you were going to be so large," Jamie stammered as he gawked at the biggest dick he'd ever seen. Well, maybe except in a porn flick. But his dick looked to be at least 12 inches long and as thick as Jamie's wrist. The head was already sopping wet with juice and the precum started to ooze. "I wouldn't have agreed to this if I knew your... you know... your size."
Becca was waiting outside impatiently. What the fuck was so hard about a BJ? Just wrap your lips around the guy's dick and start sucking. For Christ's sake, Jamie! She peered into the small window into the backseat. Her mouth dropped open and her chewing gum fell out onto the parking lot. Whoa! Mr. Goodlong's dick was huge. Long and throbbing... what a beast. No wonder Jamie was hesitating.
Jamie made eye contact with her as she peered into the window.
"You can do it, sweetheart!" she called in as she waved.
"C'mon, Jamie, a cock this good won't come your way often," Mr. Goodlong said as he gripped the base of his shaft and gave it a few good shakes, pounding his thick and heavy cock head onto the upholstery with loud thuds.
Jamie gazed in awe at the long boner as it whacked against the car's cheap upholstery. Thump! Thump! Thump! Almost in slow motion as the sound reverberated in the cramped car. The dick head was leaving a sloppy wet trail on the seat with every smack. Precum was spattering all over both of them. He felt weak. As if he was losing consciousness. He just wasn't sure he could go through with this. His head was spinning, feeling dizzy. The dick was just so big, he thought to himself as things started to go black.
Jamie regained consciousness with the sound of Becca's long fingernails tapping on the window and the faint sound of her voice from outside the car, "Jamie, baby, get up and suck this nice man's dick already!"
"I think he passed out," said Mr. Goodlong as the younger man's face lay in his lap. When Jamie passed out he slumped forward, face first into Mr. Goodlong's crotch. Now he felt something warm, long and hard pressed against the side of his face.
"I'm so sorry Mr. Goodlong," said Becca. "Are you sure I couldn't just blow you?" She was anxious not to lose the car deal.
But Mr. Goodlong was having none of it. "The deal is for him to suck my dick, honey."
"I know, but this is his first time and he isn't gay or anything."
"Nonsense. When a man sees a dick this big, his sexual desire goes into overdrive, that's all," he said with confidence. "That's what happened to your friend here. He's drunk with lust for my cock just by looking at it."
It was this confidence that stirred Jamie awake. "I... I'm not gay!" he slurred as he struggled to lift his head from Mr. Goodlong's lap. The warm cock lifted with him, its head pressing against his mouth and chin, smearing precum all over his face. "I'm just doing this so Beccagllrrrphhhh..."
"That's it. You just need a taste is all." Mr. Goodlong gripped Jamie by the back of the head with one hand and guided his cock head into his open mouth with the other.
"Mmmmrrrphhh," Jamie struggled. In his weakened state, there was nothing he could do for the moment except to let the cock glide in. If he didn't, he was sure to choke. Maybe even suffocate. What an embarrassing death that would be—dying in the backseat of a car with a giant dick in his mouth. His mouth was stretched so wide it hurt. The only way to breathe was through his nose. Fuck why did he agree to this?
"Is... is he doing it?" asked Becca from outside. Her muffled voice barely made it through the car windows.
"Yeah... well, I've only got the head in his mouth and his eyes are already tearing up," said Mr. Goodlong, looking back at her and giving her a thumbs-up with one hand while keeping the other pressed against the back of Jamie's head. "But I think he'll do fine. It's the taste that gets 'em."
"Oh that's great!" she exclaimed while giving a return thumbs-up.
The taste. That's what Jamie was sorting out at the moment. The thick and meaty cock head had a salty taste... or was that the precum that continued to spill out into Jamie's mouth? It wasn't bad, he thought. In fact it seemed to have an almost narcotic type effect by sending waves of... of... lust? Was that what he was feeling? He began sliding his tongue around the under side of Mr. Goodlong's dick. He was trying to get a better taste of the cock's juices. He needed to sort this out.
"Oh yeah, Jamie, there ya go... slide your tongue around just like that," Mr. Goodlong encouraged as he gently pushed his hips upward while pressing Jamie's head further into his crotch.
"Mrrrpphhhh!" Jamie protested. He was just trying to taste the juices. He wasn't trying to encourage him. But it was too late. He felt another inch of cock slide through his lips. Then he felt two more inches... now three... four... five...six? Oh my god! he thought to himself. I'm actually deep-throating this guy's dick.
"Ahhhhh," Mr. Goodlong's head fell back with a wide grin. He was clearly enjoying this now. That was a good thing, Becca thought, as she watched the car salesman's reaction from outside. Maybe Jamie was going to pull this off after all.
"Glllck!" Jamie felt the head of Mr. Goodlong's dick hit the back of his throat. He instinctively reached forward and grabbed the base of the fat shaft to try and pull it out. Mr. Goodlong held firm, letting Jamie's mouth and throat adjust to his size.
"Glllck!" Jamie's eyes were streaming tears now.
"Just breath through your nose," said Mr. Goodlong. "You seem to have a great gag reflex for sucking dick."
"Glllck!"
"How's he doing, Mr. Goodlong?" asked Becca again.
"He's doing just fine. I've got about half of my cock in his mouth but I think that's all he can take." His eyes were half closed as he spoke. He was enjoying this now. Becca was sure of it. He gave her the A-OK sign with his hand. The other hand was still holding Jamie at the back of the head, this time as he rotated his hips slowly.
"Oh yay!" she flashed an A-OK right back excitedly.
Mr. Goodlong's cock rotated slowly inside of Jamie's stuffed mouth. Jamie could feel the mix of saliva and cock juice filling up and spilling out the side of his mouth. When Mr. Goodlong saw this he began pulling out slowly. Thank goodness, Jamie thought. Maybe he came already? He wondered if the wetness in his mouth was cum. But Mr. Goodlong slid his cock right back in.
"Gglllp!"
"Ooh... that's it Jamie baby," Mr. Goodlong said to Jamie as he began sawing in and out of his virgin mouth. "You're deep-throating my cock now."
"Gglllp!" The dick hit Jamie in the back of the throat with each thrust of Mr. Goodlong's pelvis.
"Gglllp!" again.
"Gglllp!" and again.
Over and over it went like this. Each time the cock slid out, spit and juice would spill from Jamie's mouth. The wetness was coating Mr. Goodlong's crotch and slopping up the upholstery of Becca's soon-to-be new car.
Jamie realized that he still had his hands wrapped around the base of Mr. Goodlong's dick. He was inadvertently squeezing it. Stroke the base, he remembered. That was one of Becca's instructions. So he started doing just that. He stroked up and down as Mr. Goodlong pumped in and out. The shaft was slick and wet.
"His balls, Jamie," Becca said from outside of the car, "squeeze his balls. They like that."
Jamie reached under the massive rod and gripped Mr. Goodlong's ballsack. The balls spilled over his palm, too big to fit. Wow! he thought, his balls are practically the size of large lemons.
"Hey sweetheart," Mr. Goodlong called out to Becca, "you keep your eyes on the lot. Make sure no one is coming."
"Okay. Sorry, Mr. Goodlong." She turned her gaze to the car lot. "Uh... Mr. Goodlong?" "What is...ooh that's it, baby, just like that... what is it?" he asked as he felt his balls being juggled.
"There's someone coming. It's a tall woman." She watched a tall brunette in an ugly black skirt and annoyingly bright red sports coat approach.
"Get rid... oh, oh, oh, like that... get rid of her please," Mr. Goodlong demanded. "Ask her to show you a sports car." He knew that the sports cars were on the opposite end of the lot. That would keep them away and give him time alone with Jamie. Oh, Jamie! Now he had a chance to get rid of his pesky girlfriend too.
"Oh okay, Mr. Goodlong," she said compliantly. "But aren't you almost done?"
"Just go... ooohhh... just go do it, please!"
"Okay, sorry sir," she said as she hurried off to keep the saleswoman busy.
Now, The Rod had cute little Jamie all to himself. He looked down at the young stud and watched as his dick slid in and out of his stretched mouth. "You're doing a great job, Jamie," he encouraged as Jamie continued to pump the shaft and suck the head of his cock. "This really is a great blowjob."
"Mrrphh?" Jamie was surprised that Mr. Goodlong was enjoying it so much. He'd never sucked a dick before this and thought he'd be horrible at it. But Mr. Goodlong really seemed to be turned on. The guy's cock was hard as steel and dripping wet.
"Oh yeah, Jamie, you're doing... ooh... ooh... yessss... you're doing fantastic," he managed to say as he continued enjoying the hot mouth fucking his long dong. "Better than that uptight girlfriend of yours could do."
"Gllrrppphly?"
"Oh yeah. Guys give great blowjobs and you don't have to be gay to do it. Hell, we're just two guys enjoying some hot sex. Nothing wrong with that. Just relax and no one will ever have to find out. I've been married 20 years and my wife hasn't... ooooooh... oh gawdyesss... my wife hasn't a clue."
Something about knowing Mr. Goodlong was married and straight, knowing that he was enjoying the blowjob he was giving and wasn't at all uptight about it, made Jamie want to do a good job. It made him want to make Mr. Goodlong feel good. Maybe he'd even give Becca a bigger discount.
He began working the shaft rhythmically now. Up and down. He timed his hand strokes with his head bobbing. Everything was so wet and sloppy. The loud slurping sounds were so lewd but he couldn't help making them. And there was no one here but the two of them anyway. He looked up and watched Mr. Goodlong smile and lick his lips. Mr. Goodlong knew that his only chance to take this further with him would be while Becca was away. He tried to look through the back window but it was fogged up. He wiped a small area and saw her with Nancy Anderson, his bitch of a rival at the car lot. They were way on the other side of the lot. Nancy never forgave him for banging her husband at last year's New Year party. What a great fuck he was, 20 years younger than Nancy, he was a young stud waiting to be turned out. Just like Jamie here.
"That's it. Work that dong, Jamie... ooooh man you've got a hot mouth." he complemented.
"Mrrrpphhlp," mumbled Jamie as he seemed to be lovingly working the cock.
Mr. Goodlong decided to make his move after glancing out the window again. This time, he saw Becca and Nancy even further out. He'd have plenty of time now. He eased Jamie's head back. But the guy was literally suctioned to his dick. He pushed harder, watching as Jamie's lips stretched forward. Then with a loud "Plop!" his dick was freed. It sprung upward and smacked violently against his belly with a loud slap. Precum and saliva spattered all over his stomach.
The look on Jamie's face was of hurt and confusion. "What's the matter, Mr. Goodlong?" Jamie asked as slobber continued dribbling from his mouth. "Was I doing something wrong?"
"Oh no, Jamie, that was wonderful," said Mr. Goodlong. "Let's try something else now."
"What do you mean?" he asked as he wiped his mouth.
"I mean let's go all the way." He began crawling on top of Jamie, his body forcing the younger man onto his back. He gripped his shorts and briefs and tugged them off in one swift motion. Years of practice taught him how to do that.
Before Jamie even knew what was happening, his bottom half was completely exposed except for his gym shoes and socks. "What... wait a minute... I... I'm not," he stammered as he tried to make sense of what was happening now. He watched Mr. Goodlong position himself over his body. He could feel the giant phallus sliding between their bodies, pressing against his own flaccid cock.
"I'm just going to slide it in for a moment," said Mr. Goodlong as he leaned in closer, his lips now inches away from Jamie's. They looked into each other's eyes for a moment. The older, experienced man taking advantage of the naïve and much younger man. "Just for a moment."
"What do you mean just for a moment? There's no way I'm gonUNGHHH!" Jamie never felt pain like he just felt at that moment. Well, at least not in his ass. Mr. Goodlong just jammed his ramrod of a cock into his virgin ass in one long stroke. He saw stars as he yelped like a puppy while the anal intruder forced his ass open. He was shocked and embarrassed. How could he let this happen? Was he being raped by Mr. Goodlong? But it can't be rape... he was giving this man a blowjob.
"Just relax your muscles, Jamie.... ungh," Mr. Goodlong advised as he adjusted his position on top of him. "Let my cock stretch your ass. It'll get used to my dick in a minute or two."
"And...ohgawd... and then you'll pull it out?" he asked hopefully.
"Well... mmm... then we'll really get to business."
"What does that mean?"
"That means we're gonna have some real fun?"
"Are you... gonna fuck me?"
"Just relax."
"I... I told you I'm not..."
"Jamie, take it easy and enjoy my dick. I told you I'm not gay either. This is just sex okay?"
"Okay I... ungh... I guess." Jamie tried to remain calm under the circumstances.
This is how he ended up in the backseat of a tiny compact car with a large, much older man on top of him. With a massive 12-inch dick jammed up his tight ass. With his legs spread wide as the man slowly pulled his dick out while slopping copious amounts of fuck lube all over their bodies.
"UMPH!" Mr. Goodlong slammed his pelvis into Jamie's ass hard. His dick rammed all the way into the warm wet hole with a loud thud.
"UNGH!" Jamie felt the cock invade his insides again. The full length had just been pulled out and now it was back with a vengeance. "Mr. Goodlong, I think you might be too... UNGH!" Again the cock plundered his ass.
"Oh SHUHweeeeeeet Jeezuz!" Mr. Goodlong exclaimed as he pulled his hips back, readying for another plunge into Jamie's love tunnel.
"Mr. Goodlong... huff... please just... UNGH!" Again the dick plowed into him. This guy was actually long-dicking him.
"UMPH!"
"Please, Mr. GoodloUNGH!"
"UMPH!"
"Oh, Mr. Goodlong!"
"UMPH!"
"I... huff... UNGH!" Jamie's eyes bulged almost out of their sockets with each powerful thrust. He found his body instinctively humping his pelvis back into Mr. Goodlong. Was he actually fucking back? There's no way!
"Oh... yeah, Jamie, that's it. Fuck back at me baby!" Mr. Goodlong was astonished at the speed he was turning him out. This guy must be a real horn dog to turn out so quickly.
"Oh crap!" Jamie thought out loud. It wasn't his imagination, he was humping back. But it was okay. All he had to do was relax like Mr. Goodlong said. For crying out loud, this man was married and straight, just like him. Everything was cool. He felt him picking up the pace, his balls smacking into his ass with loud WHACKS! Thrust after thrust. They continued to grunt and hump, causing the whole car to rock up and down.
Back on the other side of the car lot, Becca asked the saleswoman, Nancy, if she could get some color samples of car interiors. She watched as the saleswoman walked toward the office before looking back toward the small red car that Jamie and Mr. Goodlong were in.
"What the fuck?" Even from this distance, she could see the car violently rocking up and down. "That son-of-a-bitch! How could he?" Frantic, she started hurriedly back toward the car.
Inside the car dealership's office, Nancy entered the main floor and headed toward her cubicle to get the color samples for the ditzy blond outside.
Chuck Wilson poked his head outside of the security office and called her over. "Hey, Nancy, come and check this out," he waved her over with a big grin on his face.
"What's up, Chuck?" she asked as she entered the small room full of brand new closed circuit monitors. She saw him and Bobby, the new guy, watching the west lot monitors. The system was just installed and gave them remote control of all the lot cameras.
"Rod's at it again," said Chuck. "Check out the red compact."
She looked closely and saw the red compact car rocking violently up and down. Christ! He was really fucking someone hard.
"I think he's nailing that hot blonde's boyfriend," said Bobby.
"He's really pounding that guy hard," added Chuck. "The wheels are practically lifting off the ground."
"You guys getting this on tape?" she asked.
"Yeah. You want us to zoom in from multiple angles?" Bobby asked.
"Absolutely." Rod had finally slipped up and she was going to make him pay this time. "This is just between us okay, fellas?" She wanted to hold the video and show it to the boss herself. Rod had been warned about seducing customers and fucking them in the cars. Boss was more worried about the damage to the upholstery from all of the cum stains than the customers. She glanced down at Bobby as she put together the scheme in her mind. She saw that the kid had a raging boner tenting in his tan khakis from watching Rod fuck the blonde's boyfriend in the car. She was hoping to add him as one of her car lot fuck-buddy coworkers, but now, she found out the kid was gay. Oh jeezuz, she thought, what is it with these guys?
Outside, Becca approached the red compact car as it continued bouncing up and down, giving its shock absorbers a real workout. What the hell are they doing in there? The deal was for a blowjob only. If Mr. Goodlong was getting a fuck out of it, she expected a bigger discount on the car price. At this distance, she could see Jamie's shoes dangling in the air as Mr. Goodlong pumped.
Inside the car, Jamie and Mr. Goodlong were in a nice rhythm. Jamie bucked up with each pump. He was able to grip the edges of the backseat to brace for each thrust and Mr. Goodlong managed to somehow position himself comfortably within the confines of the cramped space. They were both now drenched in sweat and traded grunts and fuck talk.
"OOF!" huffed Mr. Goodlong.
"UNGH!" grunted Jamie.
"OOF!"
"UNGH!"
"OOF... this is fun isn't it, Jamie."
"UNGH... yeah... I..."
"OOF!"
"UNGH... I didn't think I'd like..."
"OOF!"
"UNGH... sex with a man, but this is nice!"
Jamie had no idea what he was exposing himself to. By allowing Mr. Goodlong to have his way with him, he was opening doors to a sexual bliss only known by gay and bisexual men. For a horny, straight twenty-something male, this would certainly become an addiction. He wouldn't be able to control the urge to be filled by cock. But he would be in denial for a long time to come, as he undoubtedly would try to suppress his desires and conduct his sexual escapades with men in secret. At the moment though, he was letting himself go. He convinced himself that he was doing this for Becca and that the quicker he got Mr. Goodlong to blow his load, the quicker he'd get out of this situation.
There was a pounding at the window.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" shouted Becca. "Nobody said anything about a fuck! It was only supposed to be a blowjob!"
Jamie was stunned. He didn't stop to think what his actions would do to poor Becca. She was probably enraged with jealousy at seeing her boyfriend having sex right in front of her. Not to mention his own feelings caused by the embarrassment at being fucked like this in front of his own girlfriend. But even while these thoughts went through his mind, he and Mr. Goodlong never stopped their fuck pace. They kept working like the pistons of a revved-up tuner car on nitro.
"UNGH... Becca, I'm sorry, I..." He did his best to get out an explanation but was cut off by one of Mr. Goodlong's powerful thrusts.
"OOF!" Mr. Goodlong grunted while ignoring Becca for the moment.
"UNGH... he just climbed on top of me... I swear I'll never..."
"OOF!"
"UNGH... I'll never do this again." Jamie wasn't sure if he could ever repair the damage this was going to cause to his relationship with her. "UNGH!" And he still couldn't manage to stop his eyes from practically popping out of their sockets every time Mr. Goodlong hammered his rear. It made his pleas seem insincere.
"I'm not talking to you, faggot!" her muffled shout came through the window as she continued slapping her hands on the window.
"OOF!"
"UNGH... Becca, I'm not..."
"OOF!"
"UNGH... I'm not GAYooooooh!" His mouth formed a perfect "O" shape as Mr. Goodlong's dick hit a sweet spot in his ass. It was his prostate finally reacting to the ass pounding. His eyes crossed and his lids fluttered as the intense pleasure rippled through his body. Mr. Goodlong paused for a moment, leaving his thick dick on the special spot inside him.
"Mr. Goodlong, get your dick out of him!" Becca continued shouting. "A fuck wasn't part of the deal!"
Mr. Goodlong leaned over and began rolling the window down slowly, careful not to disturb Jamie's special moment. "Becca... sssshhhh!" He tried to quiet the enraged and busty blonde. "I found Jamie's sweet spot."
"His what?"
"His sweet spot," he whispered. "My dick is rubbing his prostate at just the right place, causing his body to react." He held his dick in place, pressing his crotch hard into him.
"Oh... oh my god." She watched in shock as Jamie arched his back. His eyes seemed to be unfocused while he writhed slowly beneath Mr. Goodlong's body. What was happening to Jamie, she wondered. "What... what are you doing to him, Mr. Goodlong?"
"I'm just having sex with him, Becca."
"Then why's he acting that way?" She now actually sounded concerned.
"I told you, my cock found his special spot," he whispered out of the opened window, his eyes closed now as he enjoyed himself.
"I... I didn't know guys had those," she found herself whispering back.
"They're just really hard to find. Look sweetheart, don't ruin this moment for your boyfriend. I'll give you two grand off the car price, ok?"
"Okay, Mr. Goodlong." She was ecstatic but did her best to keep quiet. She hopped on her heels, making her tits jiggle. "You have yourself a deal."
"I'll just finish turning him out and then we'll head into the office," he said as he turned his attention back to Jamie.
Turning him out? She wondered what that meant as she watched Jamie's O-shaped mouth changed to a smile. His body seemed to be possessed as it continued to writhe. She'd never seen a guy act this way. She continued watching as Mr. Goodlong leaned in close to him—and open-mouth kissed him.
This seemed to snap Jamie out of it as his eyes flashed open, realizing what was happening. "MMmrrrrpphh!" he struggled momentarily. But Mr. Goodlong held firm and the two were soon locking lips. Their tongues twirled as Mr. Goodlong began slowly grinding his hips into him again.
"Oh my god!" Becca blurted out loud. The shock of seeing two men French kissing was too much for her. She held her hand to her mouth as she turned away.
Jamie heard her and managed to pull away briefly. "Becca, please," he begged. "Make him stop!" He knew that making Mr. Goodlong stop was the last thing he wanted.
"Oh, Jamie," Becca called out to her boyfriend.
Mr. Goodlong reached back up to the window crank and began rolling it shut. He didn't want any more disturbances as the two men kissed again—passionately. He reached behind Jamie to support his back. He lifted him off the seat and laid himself onto his own back, this time with Jamie positioned on top. In doing so he exposed what Jamie feared most.
Outside, Becca couldn't help but look back into the car. She saw Mr. Goodlong on his back, spinning Jamie around so that he faced away from him but toward her. All the while, he kept his massive cock lodged in Jamie's ass. This guy could fuck. But once Jamie was facing her, she saw something that even she couldn't believe.
Jamie felt like a meat skewer as Mr. Goodlong spun him around on his cock. When he was finally in place, he came into eye contact with Becca. He watched as her eyes went from his, down to his crotch. He looked down and was mortified at what he saw. His own 7" cock was raging hard. It stood proudly in the air, all stiff and lewd. Precum oozed out of the tip. He had never felt his cock this hard. It was so hard it was almost painful. Then he felt Mr. Goodlong begin to buck his hips. Up and down, slowly at first but soon picking up pace. He almost lost balance but reached back to steady himself by placing his hands on Mr. Goodlong's chest. He began gyrating his hips, grinding his ass onto Mr. Goodlong's dick. He was stroking the length of his cock with his ass. Up and down. Up and down. They picked up their rhythm, again causing the small car to rock up and down.
Turn him out? Becca thought again to herself as she watched Jamie ride Mr. Goodlong. Turn him out! That means turn him... turn him gay? That's what was happening here. Mr. Goodlong was going to fuck him gay. But was that possible? It sure looked like it. But if he turned gay, he wouldn't fall for her advances any more. Who would update her website? She'd totally lose control of him. She had to do something now! She immediately tried pulling the door handles, but they were locked.
"Jamie, baby," she called in as she slapped the palms of her hands on the window. "Jamie, he's trying to turn you gay!"
He saw her but was so lost in the fuck that her words were gibberish. He fucked up and down on the thick meaty cock. He fucked so hard that his own cock slapped violently against his belly. Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap! Precum spattered all over the car's interior and against the windows.
Mr. Goodlong was in sexual heaven. He was lying on his back, turning out a young stud riding his massive cock. How could he ask for anything more?
Jamie slammed his ass down hard with loud whumps. WHUMP! WHUMP! WHUMP! He rocked up and down, jacking Mr. Goodlong's dick with his ass. WHUMP! And then he could feel it. WHUMP! His own cock was about to explode. But how? WHUMP! He hadn't even touched it. It was then that he realized the moment Mr. Goodlong's dick had entered his mouth, he had lost control of his body to the older man. WHUMP! Faster and faster. His dick continued flopping around wildly, slapping his belly. SLAP! WHUMP! SLAP! WHUMP! SLAP! WHUMP!
"Jamie!" Becca screamed as she tugged on the door handle of the rocking red compact.
Back inside the car lot's security office, Nancy entered the cramped, monitor filled room, this time with the boss, Mr. Lay. They froze at the site of both Chuck and Bobby with their pants at their ankles, jacking furiously to the images of Rod Goodlong fucking that kid in the red compact. They had managed to zoom in close with the security cameras.
"Oh, Mr. Lay," Chuck stammered as he struggled to pull his pants up and over his raging hard-on. Bobby just continued jacking.
Nancy pointed at the monitors. "You see, Mr. Lay." She tapped one of the screens. "There he is again. Fucking that poor girl's boyfriend. Look at her, she's hysterical!"
"That horny bastard!" He shook his fist. "This is the last draw!" He led the way as she trailed after him. Once they left, Chuck dropped his pants again and plopped into the seat next to Bobby, who was still furiously stroking his dick. Chuck gripped his own cock and began stroking again.
Outside of the security room, other salesmen poked their heads out of their cubicles and watched Mr. Lay march outside with Nancy right behind. They could also hear the faint, wet slapping sounds of cock jacking coming from the security room.
Becca tried to think fast. There had to be something she could do. Her tits! They'd gotten her out of jams before. Maybe they could get her out of this one. She ripped open her blouse and unsnapped her bra, causing her jugs to plop out with a bounce and jiggle. "Jamie!" she called into the car. "Jamie, look at these!" She mashed her tits against the window and rubbed them up and down. She thought the sight of a huge set of fleshy melons could certainly keep a man from turning gay.
Inside the car, Jamie saw her big nipples mashed against the window but they had little effect as he continued humping down on Mr. Goodlong. As he rode, he felt his balls filling. And then it happened. His cock began spewing cum all over the place as it flopped around. It spattered onto the ceiling, the seats, and a direct hit sprayed onto the window in front of him. He yelped like a dog as his dick lost control and hosed down the car's interior. Outside, Becca took a step back and watched cum spray and coat the car's window. Pearly white gobs of it continued to splat against it, completely obscuring her view inside. Splat after messy splat. She was so stunned that she hadn't noticed Mr. Lay and Nancy approaching.
Mr. Goodlong had pushed Jamie forward with a powerful thrust of his hips. The younger man fell on all fours as the older and much more experienced man remained balanced and mounted onto his rear. He was long-dicking him now. In and out. He could feel the pressure building in his full balls as they slapped into his wet ass. The thought that he had just fucked the cum out of another man was always the tipping point. He was going to finish tapping his ass in style as he pounded into him furiously. WHAM! WHAM! WHAM!
"Oh, Jamie," he called out uncontrollably. "I'm gonna blow my wad baby!"
"Oh, Mr. Goodlong!" Jamie looked back over his shoulder as he saw the older man ramming hard into his rear one last time.
WHAM! He gave this last thrust every once of energy he had. His massive dick reaching its hilt as it spewed into Jamie's ass and knocked him forward. Jamie's head slammed against the door release, causing it to fly open. Mr. Goodlong's cock sprung out of his ass with a loud popping sound as cum continued jetting out. Jamie spilled out of the car and onto the gravel lot, releasing the pent up smell of man sex.
Becca stood there, her jaw dropped and her 36DDs exposed. Next to her stood Nancy and Mr. Lay, his eyes fixed on Becca's chest. The two woman watched in stunned silence at the sight in front of them.
Jamie landed face first onto the gravel, his naked, sweat and cum-covered ass propped up on the back seat of the car. Mr. Goodlong watched in shock as he saw Mr. Lay and Nancy standing in front of him.
His monster 12-inch cock had a mind of its own at this point and it continued spurting jet after powerful jet of cum. They were so powerful that they spattered all over Becca's massive tits. Spurt after sloppy wet spurt.
"Mr. Lay!?!" he exclaimed. "UNGH!" A spurt hit Nancy on the face and roped over her hairspray soaked hairdo. "I'm... uh... I was just UNGH!" Another spurt, this one landing square on Mr. Lay's face, snapping him out of Becca's titty trance. "I was just closing a deal, sir." He had no excuse for fucking the kid except for his addiction to man sex. This time, it was going to cost him and he knew Nancy was behind it.
"You're fired, Rod," Mr. Lay announced, seemingly oblivious to the cum on his face. "You've turned out your last man in my car lot and the cost to clean the upholstery is coming out of your severance!" He stormed off.
A huge smile formed on Nancy Anderson's face as cum dripped from the tip of her nose. "I got you, Rod," she said. "I finally made you pay for you did to my husband." She turned and followed Mr. Lay back to the office.
Jamie was mumbling incoherently with a smile on his face, his ass, soaked in sweat and cum, still propped up. He was turned out completely and his life would never be the same.
Becca knew this and was too upset to even help her boyfriend. "Oh, Jamie," she said as tears began streaming down her face. "How could you do this to me?" She turned and stumbled away, sobbing, her cum-covered tits bouncing as she struggled to cover them up. She knew that she had actually lost a boyfriend to a man. How could she, someone so beautiful, lose a boyfriend to a man? This was going to take years of therapy to overcome. She lost the new car. She was probably going to lose her website business if she couldn't find someone else to take it over. Jamie was gone as her boy-puppy for good.
Mr. Goodlong just sat in the car in stunned silence. His long 12-inch cock was still hard and spasmed periodically as cum continued to dribble out of the tip. The interior of the small compact was covered in cum. What a fucking mess. And what a mess of his life he had made. But what a fuck Jamie was. He gazed at Jamie's ass spread out before him. He climbed out of the car and pulled up his trousers, his cock tenting the crotch as he tried to tuck it in.
Jamie could see Mr. Goodlong walking away. He scraped himself up and began pulling up his shorts. Cum dripped down his thigh as he tried to make sense of what had just happened. His ass felt empty... and he was still horny. But he had just been fucked by a man and needed to get away. He wanted to hide under a rock. He limped away from the car lot. He would never, ever, be the same.
Inside the security office, Chuck and Bobby sat spent on their chairs. Their cocks bobbed up and down, semi-hard and spasming as cum continued to spill onto their soaking wet crotches. They had both jacked and shot their loads onto each other's crotches as they watched the fuck show. And what a show Mr. Goodlong had put on for them. Too bad he was getting fired.
"Dude," Bobby turned to Chuck. "That was fucking awesome."
