Do not reprint this work on any other website, or any medium, without express consent of the author (me!).
Synopsis: A reluctance story about a guy in a relationship that finds himself the object of desire for a young, sexy waitress. She comes on to him aggressively and ultimately uses blackmail and seduction to try and force him to give in to her.

I

So I went to this burger joint probably about once every other weekend. It was one of those quasi-retro establishments: you pulled up in your car, ordered out your window, and ate right there. The place seemed to go out of its way to hire only waitresses, although the occasional unlucky sop might have gotten a male once in awhile. Not all the girls were cute, but most of them were. One in particular, Alyssa, she was right up my alley.
They all wore something resembling a uniform; mostly it was just the same color scheme. Alyssa though, she always wore nice tight, little clothes that did a great job of making the guys want to tip her more. Tonight? She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts, maybe the shortest I've seen on her. Probably because it's summer, you know? She has a tee-shirt on that doesn't expose much skin, but at least it's tight upstairs where it counts. Something I haven't seen before: she's wearing these long striped socks. It really puts the accent on her legs and makes her look fantastic. She's innocent, she's sultry; she knows it.
I always make it a point to park in the area that she's serving. I'm sure by now she recognizes me because I'm always all smiles whenever I see her. Not that I'm trying to get with her or anything. Honestly! I'm in a great relationship with my girl, Kristen. In fact, we both come here together. Kristen knows I think this waitress is cute. She doesn't really care because it's all in good fun. We're the kind of couple that can say, yes she is hot, or yes, I bet you'd hit that, honey. Nothing ever comes of it; no big deal.
Alyssa is not really my type anyway. Sure, I think she's fine. So what? She's probably barely in college. Nineteen, maybe twenty years old? I don't really know; I'm a terrible judge of age. Don't get me wrong, I have by no means accomplished any great age myself; college wasn'tthat long ago, but still.
The point is: any normal person likes to look. And tonight, I was having a great time looking. Back and forth she went, waiting on this car, bringing that tray back. Each time she passed by, I longingly (even if I tried to make itlook casually) admired her. Especially her legs tonight.Damn, those socks. I'd like to think she was showing off for me; swaying her pert little ass a little more than necessary. Someone parked across from me was paying out their bill to her. She was digging out some change and justhappened to drop some. Did she curtsey down like a lady, bend her knees, and pick it up modestly? Happily no. Her legs, straight as arrows, did not move as she reached down, displaying a perfect bend-over view of her ass to me.
Completely losing my cool, I found myself staring at her ass and exposed thighs as she leaned back up and handed over the change to the customer. My cock actually stirred in my pants! My reverie was broken by a light punch on the arm from Kristen. I shook my head over and looked at her. She was giving me an incredulous look, like,don't stare TOO hard. Now, we may be an open-minded couple, but everyone has limits, you know? Despite myself, I had an enormous fucking grin on my face. One that says:guilty as charged. I tried to play it down with some flattery.
"Maybe you should work here. A couple moves like that and I guarantee you'll get more tips than she does!"
She rolled her eyes at me but I was pretty sure I was off the hook. At least, of course, if I toned down the gawking a notch.
We sat in the car for awhile, enjoying our food pretty slowly. This place was nice for us because it gave us the chance to people watch in-between conversation without the hassle and noise of a "real" restaurant. It was a nice treat after a hard week's work and, hey, let's face it. The fries were good.
As the food was winding down, I decided I may as well take a leak before the drive home. The restroom was on the other side of the restaurant so I had to take the walk of exhibition across all the cars. I tried to look casual; knowing every windshield I passed had at least one pair of eyes watching me go by. I know it's nothing but, it's just one of those situations everybody notices once they're in it. So, doing my best to just stare straight ahead, I realized Alyssa was coming down the aisle the opposite direction.
Still feeling slightly paranoid about Kristen getting upset, I felt a little embarrassed to look right at her, so I kept my eyes down at the ground. As we approached each other, my eyes were trained on her feet and calves, and I was again admiring the look of her in those socks.Cute but sexy.
"Watch your step," I heard her innocently joke. My head instinctively shot up and I met her gaze. She was a bit shorter than me, but she had this confident smirk on her face that suffered no doubt of self-assurance. I broke into a silly grin and let out a chuckle. "Wouldn't want my favorite customer to trip and hurt himself!" she sang as she walked on by me.
Yeah, I bet she says that to all the guys. Big deal. I blushed stupidly just the same at the attention of a pretty girl and walked the rest of the way to the bathroom with a dumb smile on my face, trying my best to mask it for whatever reason.
So I get to the restroom. It's an older place, and facilities consisted of one room for the ladies, one for the men. Spacious! I do my business, and as I'm washing my hands, I have to admit I was daydreaming about Alyssa a bit. Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed and chuckled. Get a hold of yourself.
I moved to unlock the door and leave, but as I opened it I noticed a body patiently waiting right outside. Startled, I jumped a little once I realized who it was. Her back was to me, but as she heard the door open, Alyssa turned to face me with a guilty little smile. Before I knew what was happening, she darted into the room, sliding her body through the partly-ajar doorway. I took a step back in bewilderment. Once she was in, she shut the door behind her with her foot and leaned back against it.
She was holding her hands behind her back and had this look of total mischief on her face, like she just got away with something. Her head was turned to the side, as if listening through the door to make sure no one had caught her; then she looked at me. She was chewing her lower lip slightly, with this intent look in her eyes. Hands still clasped behind her, she made an effort to stick her chest out a bit, pushing her breasts against her shirt even more.
I was stunned. Honestly, my first thought was maybe she had pulled a prank on another waitress and she was hiding or something. As my eyes roamed her body, my body tingled with a little nervous energy.God, she is hot. As I stared back down to her gorgeous toned legs, the image of her bending over in front of me flashed behind my eyes. I felt myself starting to get hard, but at the same time, I remembered Kristen. Then I really started feeling awkward.
This, of course, all happened in an instant.
"Uh... Hi?" I blurted out.
Her face flushed into a shy smile. "Hi."
I furrowed my brow a little and grinned back, "I think you came in the wrong door."
She shook her head. "I think you know I didn't."
I felt a huge lump form in my throat. Suddenly the room felt very small. Her legs were pressed together and she was shifting her weight, rubbing her knees against one another. I didn't even realize I was staring at her legs again and shot my eyes back up to her face. I could tell by her expression that she knew I was checking her out. A small wave of guilt rushed through me, but I was still excited.
"I was wondering when we'd finally get some alone time..." she coyly mused.
My heartbeat began to race. Is she coming on to me? This kind of thing doesn't happen.
"Um, I... uh, what?" I stammered.
She pulled her hands out from behind her and stretched them out to the sides, almost nonchalantly. "Oh come on, I see the way you look at me every time you come here..."
My face turned red and I tried to bite my tongue to hold back a guilty smile. She pulled her arms above her head, stretching them up high now. It had the effect of pulling the bottom of her shirt up to expose a good portion of her tummy. The sight of her skin forced me to swallow hard and, despite myself, my eyes were drawn down to her body again.
She let her arms fall back down and her stomach was covered back up by her shirt. With one last glance at her hips and those little shorts showing off her thighs, I snapped my gaze back up.
"You don't have to worry, your girlfriend isn't here to stop you from looking now..." Her voice was soft, encouraging, but a little condescending. She toyed her fingers on the hem of her shorts, traced the skin of her legs delicately and pulled up the cloth ever-so-slightly. "What is it you like best?" she inquired innocently.
Now, I was pretty nervous at this point. This smoking-hot girl was flirting with me. I didn't know how or why it was happening. For whatever reason, maybe nerves, maybe something else, I tried to diffuse the situation by...flirting back. "Well uh, I like the socks," I smiled, trying to sound light-hearted.
"Oh?" she piqued up, enthused. She started walking forward toward me. I instinctively took a couple steps back, but the room wasn't that big and I was already backed against the sink. "What about them do you like?"
She was right next to me now. My mouth felt dry as I started to wonder where this was going. She put one of her feet up on the toilet seat and ran her hand along the length of her raised leg. "Well?" she insisted.
"Um, I dunno, they're uh..." I dragged my eyes across the length of her leg, now so close to me. She kept tracing her fingers casually along her skin, which looked so soft and perfectly smooth. I could see even more of her thigh as her shorts rode up a bit from the position she was standing in. "They're uh, cute I guess..."
"Mmm," she hummed. "I think so too. But are they only cute?" Somehow her question beckoned me to look straight at her. Her eyes were piercing as she added, "Or are they sexy too?"
I scoffed out a little laugh at her audacity. Still trying to play it cool, I agreed, "Yeah, that too."
"I'm glad you think so. I wore them for you... You always come on a Friday..."
My heart was thumping in my chest and I was suddenly aware of my growing erection. I looked over at the door and realized that I really needed to get out of there. No man takes this long to piss, you know? But as if realizing my growing anxiety, she grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her propped-up leg.
I took a sharp intake of breath and glared at her. "W-what are you...?"
Despite my reluctance, my hand had a mind of its own. I didn't pull away; I gingerly caressed her perfect leg. Her eyes fluttered a little bit and she let out a little sigh as I touched her. My hard-on grew.
"I uh, I need to- to go now..."
"Shh," she smiled at me. She leaned her head in closer. Part of me tried to shy away, but there was no more room to back up. For a brief second I thought she was going to try and kiss me, but at the last moment she moved her lips right to my ear, and ever so softly whispered, "She doesn't have to know..."
My mind was torn. Half of me was screaming,Please, let me get the fuck out of here... The other half was shouting,Please, let her fuck me now...
I was massaging the underside of her thigh, subconsciously inching my way up closer to her ass. For her part, she was gently thrusting her hips forward, giving me a better chance to do so. I shut my eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get control of myself. Just as I felt some resolve coming back to me, there was then a pressure pushing against my raging-hard cock.
I grunted, "Christ!" as my eyes flew open and looked down to see her hand begin to massage my hard-on through my pants.
"Mmm, you know better," she purred, "It'sAlyssa."
"A-Alyssa, I- I can't do this. I, uh, I have a girlfriend!" I finally managed to take my hand off her leg. I used my other hand to grab her wrist and pull her off my package. She mewed a little pout.
"Don't you want it?"
I put my hands on her hips to push her back, but being afraid to grip her too hard, she slithered her body down a little bit and made my hands glide up under the sides of her shirt. I found myself cupping those sexy curves where a girl's stomach turns inward, scrunching her shirt up to show off her belly again.
For a brief second I faltered, my lust for her body getting the better of my senses. She noticed and slid her body right up to mine. My hands ran along the length of her sides and up onto her back. She pushed her waist into mine, forcing more pressure on my throbbing dick. Her hands found their way to my ass and she grabbed on, pulling me into her even more. I heard the sweet sound of a girl's anticipating moan creep out of her lips.
I knew this was bad; that I shouldn't want it. But the incredible feeling of this sexy young body eagerly pushing against me was enough to make any man second-guess his morals. My cock was stimulated enough now that any sensation rubbing through my pants caused my body to tremble. She felt this and rubbed her hips against me in tiny little thrusts to tease pleasure out of me. Despite my best intentions, I felt myself push back into her.
Rational thought was almost completely gone as I continued to hold her, my hands still resting on her back. She angled her head down and I felt her hot breath along my neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of her hair, briefly intoxicating me, and then let out a quiet groan as I felt her warm tongue run up the base of my neck and end with a slow kiss to my jaw.
Some desperate part of me tried to make another effort to halt things. "Don't... Stop..."Obviously my subconscious would have no part in it.
She pulled her head back and stared right into my eyes, a victorious and anticipating gleam shining on her face. "Don't worry," her lips curled up, "I won't..."
Her back arched away from me a little bit and she slid her hands from my ass around to the front of my jeans. Her fingers began to deftly work my belt. There was no hiding the obvious tent I was pitching, and admittedly I was dying to let it be free. My hands had run down to the small of her back due to her changed position. I gawked, seemingly helplessly, as her hands worked my belt undone and went for my fly. Because she was still leaning back, her shirt kept riding up, exposing her exquisite stomach. Her little shorts were pulled down just a fraction, but I could still see more of her lower abdomen than ever before. They were so low, so tantalizingly close to exposing so much more...
I didn't even realize during my lustful gaping that one of my hands had found its way to her ass, gently squeezing her pert, tight backside. The button on my jeans was undone now. She pushed one of her hands up onto my stomach under my shirt, almost completely exposing my pelvic region. I'm ticklish there, and normally I probably would have laughed at the touch, but now it only shot jolts of pleasure between my legs.
My zipper was down. Her other hand grabbed the waist of both my jeans and boxers in the front, and then slowly started to pull them down. Both of us were watching my cock, waiting for it to spring out. I'm not sure which one of us wanted it to happen more. Everything was such a rush; thoughts barely even had time to form in my mind before instinctual lust overwhelmed them.
My pubic hair was being revealed, then the very base of my hard-on. It was pointing down, and the feeling of my clothes rubbing against it as they were pushed along was electrifying. I shut my eyes, experiencing the feeling of passing the point of no return. It was that sensation of when you hesitate at an amber light when driving, then at the last minute, when you damn well know it's too late to even think about making it, you floor it just as it turns red.
Then we heard the door.
Someone was tentatively opening it from the outside. I just about jumped out of my skin, realizing Alyssa hadn't locked it after she snuck in. She stopped tugging at my clothes and, eyes shooting wide open, flipped around and stopped the door from opening more than just a few inches.
My senses came flooding back to me at that moment. I shook my head, jerked my pants back up to my waist, and frantically started putting myself back into order. Alyssa's voice was smiling as she answered whoever was on the other side of the door.
"Oh, sorry! I'm just..." A brief pause... "...cleaning the facilities up. There was an accident." She pulled it off so naturally; her voice was coy and flirtatious, completely covering up any awkwardness she was feeling with the embarrassing excuse. I heard some male voice on the other side apologize quickly and shuffle off. For some reason, I realized part of me feared that it was Kristen who was barging in on us. A wave of relief washed over me.
Alyssa shut the door and spun around. She had this wild glint in her eye, something that indicated she had no intention of stopping. But just then I could see a faint sense of disappointment cloud her face. She realized I was completely dressed again and thinking at leastsomewhat clearly.
"Aww," she pouted, "What are you doing?" She tried to put on the "poor cute girl" face as she jutted her lower lip out. But at the same time, she was sheepishly pulling her shirt up just under her breasts, seemingly innocuously but knowing full-well by now that I loved to see the long stretch of her stomach. For a moment I thought I might be getting free of my erection, but I felt myself starting to harden right back up.
"I can't- I can't do this... I mean, I'm uh- flattered but... you know, I just..." I was practically stuttering. I moved closer to her in attempt to get her away from the door. She didn't budge. Instead she backed up against it as much as she could and spread her legs out as if she was going to barricade it with her body. She wore an impish smile as she did it, as if daring me to try and move her.
I was afraid to touch her body for the simple reason that I might lose myself in lust again. Nevertheless I tentatively placed my hands on her waist, making sure to only touch her shorts and not her skin, and tried to pull her to the side of the door. She responded by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling her body into mine, as if leaping into a hug.
I felt her body knowingly push into my cock, which was screaming for attention again, and then heard her murmur in a little girl's voice, "Do you want me to beg...?"
Oh god. I don't know why, but that was so fucking sexy. For a second I actually felt weak in the knees. But I was so close to the door, the urgency of escape still in my mind. "Uh, you don't- um, just- please, I can't..."
I managed to push her off my body, although her hands dropped down and grabbed playfully at the waist of my pants. Completely desperate now and not thinking about how any of this might look, I grabbed the door handle and jerked at it, propping it open. Mercifully, Alyssa finally let go of me.
I didn't even look back to see the expression on her face. As soon as I slipped out the door, I shut it behind me. I took a deep breath and started walking down the long aisle of cars to return to Kristen. My face was beet red; I couldn't help but to think everyone knew I was in there with some waitress. Realizing I still had the remains of an intense hard-on, I stuffed my hands in my pockets to try and mask it.
I finally reached my car and shuffled myself inside. Kristen was looking at me a little dubiously. "Get lost?"
My eyes frantically darted out all vantages of our windows, making sure there was no way she could see the bathroom from where we parked. Once I realized she couldn't, I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Uh, they were cleaning it out when I got there," I chuckled, trying to sound natural.
"Ew," she giggled.She bought it!
For a minute I thought I might be home-free. Then it dawned on me; I hadn't paid for the meal yet. My heart sank. What would Alyssa say? How was she going to react? Kristen was trying to tell me some story, but I could hardly pay attention as my nerves rattled on edge.
At last I saw Alyssa walking down the aisle, coming towards us with a bill in hand. I watched her in a completely different light. Before, I just admired a great-looking girl. Now? All I could see was a sizzling nymph that tried to break me. Fuck me, but it just made her hotter.
She came up to my window andthankfully acted completely natural. I wordlessly handed her my credit card, forcing a smile but pleading with my eyes for her to keep her mouth shut. She briefly left to a register to run the card, then returned with the receipt. She handed it to me with a pen to sign.
As I took it, I swallowed hard as I read the bill. In the line where you normally write in the tip,she had written in: "Think of me tonight," followed by a little heart. I felt my face start to redden and I scribbled my signature as fast I could, handing the receipt back and praying Kristen didn't try to look at it.
She took it with a smile and told us to have a great night. As she said it, she gave me a very subtle wink. Just as I saw it, I felt my cock stir again. I thanked her, started the car, and drove the fuck out of there.

II

That night, Kristen and I fucked. It was pretty damn good, but you know the problem. The whole time, I was thinking of Alyssa. I had been trying to put her out of my mind all evening, but that was just impossible. Images of her body were seared into my eyelids; I saw her every time I so much as blinked.
In bed with Kristen, the lights were off. I closed my eyes anyway. I ran my hands all over her body, but in my mind, it was Alyssa's. I tried to imagine every curve of her that I had seen and felt. Sure, I felt guilty about it. I mean, it wasn't the first time I had ever thought about somebody else; who hasn't? But this was different. This was morereal. What's worse is that I fantasized about myself giving in.
First I pictured us never being interrupted, and that she pulled my dick out and jerked me off until I had to have her. Then I imagined us still being interrupted, but me not getting my senses back. I thought about her hot little body turned away from me as she bullshitted that customer away. What I would've done to just drop my pants and step up to her, pushing her against the door, thrusting myself against that pert ass.
All these images and more were flashing through my mind as I fucked my girlfriend with a passion. When I finally came, I remembered her note on the receipt,think of me, and had a hugely guilty but amazing orgasm.
The next morning while I was in the shower, I couldn't help replaying the events in my mind. It didn't take long before I was extremely horny and had to stroke myself off right there. Kristen opened the bathroom door at some point and asked if I was okay because I was taking so long. I felt embarrassed at my behavior, but I still couldn't stop myself.
Alyssa was a constant fantasy of mine for the next week and a half or so. Nevertheless, I vowed to not let myself go to that restaurant again any time soon if I could help it. While some depraved part of me was desperate to go see her again and find out if she would try to seduce me once more,and man it was tempting, I knew it was a terrible idea. Despite my fantasies, I realized I was lucky to have gotten away with what I did.
At first I tried to rationalize that Alyssa had made all the moves on me. I was the victim! But deep down I had to admit that I liked it; that I wasthis close to giving in. And even though I didn't, I wasn't sure anymore how many times I had fantasized that Idid.
Anyway, I was determined to just squelch it out as a naughty dream and move on with my life.
She had other ideas.
I was at work, busying myself away at my desktop. The little "new mail" icon pops up in the corner of my screen. I click on it.Missed you last weekend. What is this? My first reaction is that it's spam, but almost none of that ever gets through the filters at the job, so I click on it.
Missed you last weekend. I even wore my socks for you again. XOXO.
Oh shit. It was fromher. And there were pictures already displaying in the message body. I don't know if she took them with a digital camera or a webcam or what. But the first was her in the same outfit she wore that one day, short shorts and long socks. She had this really girlish pose with her hands behind her back. I scrolled down. The same thing, but now her hands were stretched up, exposing her tummy.
Scroll. She's facing away from the camera, pulling her shirt up; it's almost completely off. My dick is swelling. Next picture: her shirt if off, she's not wearing a bra, but her back is still to the camera. I can tell one of her arms is draped across her chest to cover her tits; her head is turned so I can see her smiling seductively at me.
My phone rings. I actually jump in my seat it startles me so bad. Without thinking, I delete the email straightaway. My hands are sweating and I feel like my boss is on the other side of the line, and he's about to fire me for downloading teen porn at work. I pick up the phone and it turns out to be nothing, just a co-worker asking some inane question.
After I hung up, I just sat at my desk for a couple minutes, breathing hard. How the hell did she get my email address? Who the hell does she think she is, sending that shit here? How many photos did she attach anyway? What could I have seen if I had kept scrolling...? Why did I have to delete it so fast; maybe I could've saved those pictures...
I tried to get a handle on myself. Attempting to clear my head, I went back to work. For awhile it was a lost cause: my mind obviously racing and, to be honest, in the gutter. Maybe an hour later I had actually managed to get it out of my thoughts when another email came. My heart leapt in my throat.
Hi Sexy, did you get my pictures? I skimmed over the message; there were no images this time (both to my relief and... utter disappointment). The message didn't say much. Some,I've been thinking of you and shit. Really she just wanted me to reply to her. At the end of it she put her phone number. I scribbled it down and deleted the email.
As excited as I was, I got to admit I was freaking out about this happening at work. Photo attachments, and now message bodies with suggestive language in it. If anybody happened to be running profanity filters or email surveillance on the employees, I could be in deep shit. Maybe I was being paranoid. Hell, I know I was. But forgive me if I'm not used to it.
I decided I would call her and firmly let her know that nothing was going to happen between us. I felt particularly emboldened by the fact that it would be over the phone and she wouldn't be able to use her wiles to try and charm me in person.
Wanting some privacy, I went outside to the parking lot and called her on my cell.
"Hello?" a girl answered.
"Hi, is this uh, Alyssa?" Great, I realized I felt like a nervous kid.
"Oh, you called!" I heard her chirp happily.
"Yeah, uh, look... You need to, um, you can't send me emails..."
"Why not?"
"What? I mean, how did you even get a hold of it..."
"I just googled your name," she said it so matter of fact. For a moment I was bewildered as to how she even knew my full name, but then I realized she has seen it plenty of times on my credit card.
"Okay, um, I'm flattered and everything but, this has got to stop."
"Why, didn't you like the pictures?"
"Yea-uh..." I cut myself off. I can't believe I blurted out a yes.
"Ooh! Which was your favorite?"
I sighed. "I deleted them. I can't look at that stuff at work!"
"Aww, but youdid want to..."
This was not going as well as I planned. "Alyssa, this can't go on- I mean, it's not going anywhere..."
"Why not? Aren't you attracted to me?" she pouted.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot, big deal. I have a-"
She interrupted me. "So what's the problem? You seemed pretty interested in the bathroom... Ifelt it!" She giggled a little at that.
"That was, uh..." I was completely faltering now.
"I saw the way you looked at my body. My legs... my stomach... There is so much more for you to see too..."
"I- I can't..."
"And I felt how you touched me...Mmm, I have been thinking about it. The way you rubbed my thigh, and how you squeezed my ass..."
Hearing her talking about it was making me so fucking hard. She wasn't even in front of me and I felt like she was working me under her spell again. And she didn't let up.
"There's more of me to touch though... And I definitely want to finish what I started.Mm- I have been thinking about it a lot. It wassuch a tease to only see a little bit of it... but I could tell it wasso hard! Is it... hard right now?"
Fuck yes it is! "Uh, god, what can I- uh- say to convince you..."
"Hmm, did you think about me that night?" she interjected suddenly.
"What?!" I exclaimed, knowing full well what she meant.
I heard her gasp over the phone. "Ooh, you did, didn't you? Did you... touch yourself when you were thinking about me?"
"Uh, no!" I stammered. This was completely out of control.
"What were you... oh gosh! Were youfucking your girlfriend and you thought of me?" I could tell she was bristling with excitement.
"Alyssa, I- I just called to tell you..."
"God, that's hot. You're not even trying to deny it!"
I was completely flustered. "No! I- this is done! I mean, it never started!"
Ignoring me completely, "I don't know why you're getting soexcited... I just want to make you feel good..."
"Well, you can't!"
She sighed over the phone and there was a short pause. "So, you don't want to touch me again?"
Finally, I was getting somewhere! "No!"
"You don't want to finish what we started?" she hummed.
"No!"
"Aww, that's so...disappointing! But, you have my number if you change your mind."
"I- I'm not- That's not gonna happen."
She completely blew me off, "Think of me again tonight," she purred.
Before I could say anything else, I heard the static go out as she ended the call. Totally flustered, I just stood there in the parking lot, my heart racing. I felt like a complete idiot for letting her run the conversation like that. But damn,the way she talks... Although on some level I was already aware that I had a raging hard-on for most of the conversation, I was now acutely conscious of the fact that I had one at work.
I stuffed my hands in my pockets and decided to take a walk around the building to try and relax. It was a useless exercise. The entire time I was thinking about Alyssa. I tried to remember how those pictures looked. I replayed our exchange over and over. The sound of her young, sexy voice... Taunting me about our close encounter... Fuck. I realized I was actually stroking myself a little in my pockets.
I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to think of a mountain of boring paperwork to settle myself down. Marching back into the building (hands stillcasually in my pockets), I returned to my office and tried to get back to work. There was no hope for me though.
Alyssa's body and voice dominated my mind. I was abuzz with nervous energy. I went to the bathroom. Good, nobody was there. I slid into a stall and, for the first time in my life, desperately jerked off in a public place. Everything about it felt so wrong; that I was at work doing it, that I was thinking about another girl... that I was thinking about a girl that was practically begging me to cheat with her.
I closed my eyes and imagined myself caving in to her seduction. How bad I wanted to give in to that young temptress right then... Oh fuck, before I knew it, I was coming hard. I actually groaned out loud a little bit. When I calmed down, my face flushed crimson with shame and embarrassment.
At least I took the edge off. I was able to be moderately productive for the rest of the day. But every time I noticed I got an email, and every time my phone rang, my heart skipped a beat. I feared, and admittedly hoped, that it was Alyssa hassling me again. Yet she didn't make any other attempt to contact me. I wondered if I had gotten through to her.
Any hope I had of pushing her out of my head was a pipedream though. Once again she had told me to think of her. I knew that night that I would be.

III

That weekend, Kristen suggested we hit up the burger joint. I had enough good sense to say no, despite any forbidden fantasies I maintained of giving Alyssa another opportunity to seduce me. In spite of my attempts to keep out of trouble, I found myself wading in it the following week.
Alyssa still had not attempted to contact me again, and for awhile I thought she had given up. I even managed to gonearly a whole day at work without my imagination drifting off to her image. I was leaving the office and just walking out to the parking lot when I heard a familiar voice. Yes, the same one that had been haunting my fantasies.
"Fancy seeing you here!"
I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around. Yep, there she was. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans that clung to her hips perfectly and a little tank-top that didn't come down too far. It showed off so much of the lower part of her navel that I wondered if she was completely shaven downstairs. I managed to drag my eyes up her tight body and meet her smirking gaze.
"No burger last weekend?" she frowned a little.
I suppressed a guilty smile and quickly turned away from her, doing my best to home in on my car. "I gotta go," I tried.
She trotted up to try and keep pace with me as I walked away from her. "Aw, what's the rush?"
"Look, I told you already. I- I'm not available."Keep walking.
"Just one sec! I only want to show ya something..." she pleaded behind me.
Show me what? Some more of your hot little body? "Not interested."Almost to my car.
Then I heard it. It was a little fuzzy, but I knew instantly what it was.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot..." The bitch had recorded our conversation. I stopped walking, but I didn't turn around. Suddenly my heartbeat was in my temples. I was desperately trying to remember what I had said on the phone to her. Did I say anything stupid? Something that would get me in trouble? All I could remember was her dominating the conversation...
She casually walked in front of me, cocky little look on her pretty face. She was holding a small recorder up which was playing segments of our conversation; just the bits that make me look like a horny asshole. After a minute she clicked it off. I blinked at her.
"W-what do you want?"
"I just wanna talk to you," she said sweetly.
"Well, we're uh- we're talking now."
She put her hands on her hips and gave me an indignant look. I swallowed hard as the pose forced me to look at her waist and see the soft, smooth skin that was shown off. "I didn't mean in a parking lot!"
I rolled my eyes. "Well there's nowhere else here; we'renot going in my office!"
"How about my place?" her eyes sparked.
Oh god, hell yes... "Uh- N-no," I stuttered.
She held up the tape again. "Okay, how about you drive me home." I was about to demur but she cut me off. "It's not far... We can talk on the way, and once we get there, you can have the tape. No tricks!" she smiled.
Now, I didn'tknow if she would actually try to show the tape to Kristen somehow. Even then, I didn'tknow if I would necessarily be incriminated. Looking in hindsight, I probably could have weaseled my way through this situation better. But at the time, I was panicking; "thinking clearly" was not in the cards. I reluctantly agreed.
Once we were in the car, she started up again. "Ooh, I've never beenin the car before. I only got to see from the outside! So this is what it's like to be your girlfriend." Her voice was innocent but sharp; she knew she was toying with me.
"You're uh- you're not my girlfriend," I flatly replied.
She gave a little pout and sat cross-legged in the seat. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, subtly trying to watch her legs as they shifted into position.Mm, flexible.
"That's just the thing... All I want is to have a little fun..." She dragged out the wordfun as coyly as possible. "Nobody has to know... Like a little fling on the side!"
My palms were already sweaty gripping the wheel. I was trying to focus on being pissed off at this girl, but I couldn't help my ego that loved being propositioned by this sexy thing.Just don't get hard... "I'm not going to- to uh, cheat on her."
"Turn left up here," she instructed. "Besides, you're not married or anything. Maybe she'd even like it!"
I wish! "Not gonna happen." I tried to keep my eyes looking forward.Don't look at her sultry smile.
She let out a long sigh. "It's so sad when people are so...possessive!I mean, it'sobvious that you want to! I do too! What's the big deal?"
I just shook my head.
"Right up at the next light." She reached her left hand out and started fiddling with the radio. I didn't think much of it until she dropped her hand back down and it landed on my thigh. I jumped in my seat at the touch, which just caused her to squeeze a little and massage my leg as if to calm me down. "Relax!" she giggled.
My dick was semi-hard, but not so erect that she could see it. The sudden touch shot instant life into it. Keeping one hand on the wheel, I batted away her arm, but it was too late.
"Ooh!There it is!" she squealed in joy; immediately shooting her other hand out to cop a feel of my hard-on through my slacks. She moved so fast that I couldn't stop her. The feeling of her gripping my cock made me squirm in my seat, both in discomfort and pleasure; it was all I could do to keep enough composure and stay in my lane.
"C-cut it out!" I blurted. She slithered her hands away, feigning remorse, but she was biting her lower lip and batting her eyes in a way that said:Got you, and you liked it.
"It's just up here," she pointed. It was a small apartment complex.
Finally. She showed the way to her building and I parked. My dick had calmed down a little, but not much. I turned to her and stuck out my hand. "Okay, I drove you here."
She took the recorder out of her purse and popped out the tape, handing it to me. "See? You can trust me!"
"Uh huh," I snatched it out of her hand.
"So, want to come in?" she beamed.
"Uh, nope."
She frowned. "Fine, I tried." She opened the door and started to get out. "But I have a confession..."
"Yeah?"Get on with it and get out.
"Well... I still have two more copies of the tape..." Her eyes flickered at me as she swung the door closed.
Fuck! "What! Hey, wait!" She was ignoring me, walking up to her door. I got out of my car and called at her again. "What are you trying to pull here?"
She spun around and tilted her head low, eyes shifting up to stare at me. "Nothing! If you want the other two copies, come in and get 'em!" She turned again and started walking; slow, leisurely steps that she accented by really swaying her ass side to side.
Anger started to boil inside me. "And if I don't?"
Without facing me, she nonchalantly replied, "Who knows who mightaccidentally hear it..." She unlocked her door and opened it, sliding inside. The door swung closed, but not so far that it latched. She was beckoning me in. I stood there for a moment, my heart racing. Everything was shouting at me to get out of there. I could explain all this to Kristen somehow... Maybe... Maybe not.
I needed to get those tapes. I was going inside just to do that. No ulterior motives. Not to see her room. Not to see her body. Not to give in to what promised to be explosive, mind-blowing sex. I took a deep breath and entered her apartment.

IV

I came in and shut the door behind me. Her place looked pretty small. I didn't see her anywhere, but I heard her voice call to me from what I'm sure was the bedroom. "Change your mind?" The way she said it let me know it wasn't really a question.
I spoke up from the entryway, afraid to go any further. "Look, I- I just want the- uh- the tapes. Come on I- I mean..." I was suddenly feeling very hot. My eyes were darting all over the place, in the vain hope that the tapes would be sitting out in the open. They weren't.
"They're in here!" she sang.
An involuntary shudder ran through my body. I was so fucking nervous. I tentatively walked up to the doorway and peeked in. Her room wasn't very big. It only had a small window, and she pulled the curtains over it so no light was coming through. There were a couple lava lamps in the room which gave it a soft, colorful glow.
"Alyssa I- We're uh, not going to... to do anything. I told you..."
She came to the door and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the room. She kicked the door shut behind us, closing off the light coming from the rest of the apartment. Only the radiance of the lamps lit the room. "I'm not here to force you into anything," she purred.
Bullshit. "Um, I'm not exactly here by- uh- choice."
She pulled the chair out from by her computer. I noticed a webcam and was distinctly aware that this is where she must have taken those pictures... She half-indicated, half-pushed me into the seat.
"We won't do anything you don't want. I just want to...show you what you're missing out on..."
Gulp. She moved away from the seat and clicked her stereo on. It was turned pretty low, but I could tell it was some sexy song. Then her hips started to move. A little to the left, a little more to the right... Oh god, she was going to dance.
She moved slow, but all her gestures were exaggerated. Every movement of her arms, her stomach, her ass, her legs; my eyes were glued to her body.
"You just watch, then I'll give you what you want," she drew out those last words.
"The uh, tapes?"
"If that's what you want when I'm finished..." she smiled.
She knows exactly what I'll want...
So she kept dancing. Both my hopes and fears were realized when she started to pull her shirt up.Striptease. I rubbed my forehead in disbelief, not knowing how to react. Part of me was furious; with her as much as myself. But another part of me was, well... hard-up.
Her shirt was bunched up to her bra now, showing off all of her lean stomach. She arched her back to accentuate her features and slithered around in front of me, running her fingers along her abdomen. She twirled away from me and shook her ass slowly as she pulled the shirt up further and off her body, throwing it off to the side. I was breathing slowly, watching her smooth back in anticipation. She was still wearing a bra but... oh fuck, just turn around.
She did, and I stared at her perky tits, my lips feeling dry as I gawked at her cleavage. Her body continued to sway. I can't remember if she was really that good of a dancer, or if I was just that hypnotized by her body, but at the time, good lord she could move.
Her hands moved to her jeans and began to unfasten them. My cock was aching in my slacks. How bad I wanted to stroke myself as I watched her. God, I felt so guilty about the whole thing. I kept trying to tell myself,once she's naked, once the dance is over, I'll get the tapes and leave. This isn't wrong. But I don't think I believed myself too much.
She twirled her body and spun in slow circles as she gradually pushed her jeans down, revealing her ass and thighs in a tiny pair of panties. As I was sitting in the chair, I had my hands covering my blatant erection, trying my best to hide it, but I was fidgeting like crazy with my fingers. I kept pushing my wrists down on myself to try tease out a little stimulation. Each time I did, I felt terrible, but I wanted more.
She kicked her pants off and was now only in her underwear. Her body kept on moving to the music; the shadows of the lamps played off her body and made her look more exotic than ever. She propped up one of her legs on the bed and bent over it, running her hands and body up along its length. I watched with hunger, recalling the memory of when I rubbed that sexy thigh when this all started. Her hands traced up her stomach and behind her shoulders. They were going for the bra clasp on her back.
She unfastened it and let the straps on her shoulders fall loose, but one hand kept it in place on her breasts. I think my eyes were starting to sting a little bit for lack of blinking. Her lips, which had for the better part of this dance been pursed in a seductive smile, were now hanging open a little bit. Jesus, she looked so raw, so inheat.
Moving her leg off the bed, she turned away from me again and went to a shelf. She casually moved her arms so the bra fell to the floor in front of her. I was watching so intently, gaping at her naked back, that I didn't even realize that while my right hand held my left wrist, I was playing with myself through my slacks with my left hand.
She reached over and grabbed something from behind the shelf. Her hand pulled back and I knew she was positioning her arm across her chest. Turning to me, she displayed a little tape in her hand. She took a few steps forward, ever so slowly, until she was in right front of me. The arm that held the tape still draped over her chest. "So, do you want it?" she asked hotly.
"Um, yeah," I uttered out. She was standing over me now, almost completely naked. I could really smell the perfume on her skin. I was tempted to just reach out and grab her body to pull it into the chair with me. It looked so luscious, just posing for me there.
"But...what do you want?" she chewed her lip a little.
"Um, the- the uh..." My mouth was dry. I couldn't find the words, but I was gesturing towards the tape.
"Oh, all you want is this?" she smirked, and held the tape out in front of me. I paid absolutely zero attention to it. Stretching out her arm completely revealed her breasts. My eyes widened as I took them all in. I remember thinking they were completely perfect, and being so fucking turned on because her nipples were hard. Knowing she was aroused only made me that much hornier.
She made a soft little moan and ran her free hand up to one of her tits, holding and squeezing it a little. "Or... do you want this?"
Her body leaned in over me. She put one of her knees on the chair and pushed up right against my body. I pulled back as far as I could in the seat, but she kept coming closer. She pushed her chest to my face while she ran the hand with the tape down to my slacks. She deftly slid it into my pocket, pressing her thumb against the base of my cock through my pants at the same time.
I gasped in pleasure at the touch and she tilted toward me more, holding her breast right in front of my face. "I'm a good girl..." she cooed, "You don't have to choose between me and the tape... You can have both..."
My mind was racing so fast that my thoughts just sounded like a high-pitch whir whistling in my ears.
"Why not just a taste... It wouldn't hurt anybody..." She leaned in closer. I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was gently kissing her nipple and running my tongue over it. She let out a soft moan that only encouraged me to continue. I was in heaven; I wasn't thinking at all. My hands raised and found her ass and lower back. How many times had I jacked off to the idea of touching her smooth skin again...
A chime went off somewhere in the apartment. My eyes shot open and suddenly I had something resembling clarity of thought.Oh fuck, what am I doing?"What time is it?" I blurted out, sliding my hands to her hips and pushing her back a little.
She let out a little scoff, completely pissed that the clock broke her spell. She leaned back and looked behind her. The clock on her stereo showed 6:00.Where the fuck has the time gone? I was so caught up in my own anxiety that I didn't realize how late it was getting. I'm always home before Kristen...
"Oh Jesus I- uh, okay. You um, you gave me one but... You said- uh, I could get both... I need to- to go..." I sputtered, trying to get a hold on the situation.
She stood in front of me, her chest heaving a bit from her heavier breathing. "I still haven't showed you everything..." she insinuated, running her fingers along the inside of her thighs and up along her panties.
"Fuck I- I don't have time... Kristen-er... My girlfriend will wonder..."
"Justcall her, silly! Tell her you got caught up at the office..."
It sounded like a perfectly good idea. I'd like to even think that, at least at that one moment, I thought it was a good idea because I still needed to get one more tape. Truth is, despite my sudden alert nature, my dick hadn't forgotten about this gorgeous girl in front of me. Even so, I tried to get some control over the situation.
"If I call her... You'll- you'll give it to me right?"
Her face broke into an open-mouthed smile. "Oh I'llgive it to you..."
I closed my eyes in frustration. "The... the tape..."
"Of course... I wouldn't lie to you..."
I dug my cell out of my pocket, opening my eyes to dial. For some reason I thought if I focused completely on the phone, maybe Alyssa would give me some space. She didn't. I knew her hot body was standing right at the periphery of my vision, calling my eyes to soak it up. I dialed my girlfriend's number.
"You can tellKristen I said hi..." she whispered as I brought the phone to my ear. I gave her a distraught look, as if to say, shut the fuck up! But it wasn't much use. Her coy smile was impervious to my distress, and my eyes dropped down to scan her naked tits anyway.
Kristen picked up the phone. "Hey... I'm uh- I'm being held up at work today..."
"Aw, what for? They never keep you..." she inquired.
"I know but... the uh, network exploded and we we're two hours behind on a deadline and..." My mind was wandering, trying to think up something plausible that she wouldn't ask questions about.
Alyssa was stretching her arms above her head and clasping her hands; swaying her body around in a little dance as she stretched and showed off her curves. I shut my eyes to tried and ignore her. The next thing I knew, I felt her breath on my neck. She had leaned right up next to me, one hand on the chair, another on my throbbing hard-on, and gave me a slow, sultry kiss on the neck.
My voice cracked at the sudden touch and my eyes blasted open to see her practically climbing onto me. I can't remember what Kristen was saying, but she started sympathizing with me and telling me some story about how her day sucked too. I feebly tried to push Alyssa away, all the while biting my tongue, but the more I tried, the more she rubbed a hand against my cock. I tried shifting my weight, but it only made me gasp in pleasure.
"Are you okay?" Kristen paused in her story.
"Uh- yeah. Sorry I'm just- I'm carrying a big box of- of shit right now..."
She seemed to accept the excuse. Alyssa hung her mouth open in fake-shock, and wagged her finger at me. She then moved it to her lips and gave me a silentshh... The gesture was unnerving, but at the same time it just made me really hot. I don't know why; maybe because she was being such a naughty tease about it all. But then she took it to another level.
She slid her body down again, this time bringing her lips to my cell-free ear. So,so quietly, she whispers, "Keep quiet, or I might pout... Wouldn't want her to hear me..."
The next thing I knew, she was down on her knees, between my legs, working on my slacks. I was petrified. Maybe I could have just gotten out of the damn chair. Who knows? I was afraid if I did something, Alyssa would make a noise and I'd be caught. Fuck it; I think it's obvious I was pretty far gone at that point anyway.
Kristen had wrapped up her story and was asking me how much longer I thought I'd be. I was actually dizzy from the stimulation at this point. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement or nerves. I don't know how Alyssa did it, but my dick had sprung free of my slacks and boxers without much effort. Had I lifted my hips up to help her pull my pants down some? I can't remember. It was probably instinct.
"Um, I don't know... Not- not too much longer I- oh..." I trailed off for a second, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I watched Alyssa's greedy, conquering smile as she eyed my exposed cock. Her fingers had tentatively wrapped around the base of it, which sent jolts of pleasure into my stomach. But then she leaned in and wrapped her mouth around the tip. Oh god, that hot young tongue swirled around me...
I grimaced, doing my best to keep quiet.
"Are you there...?" my girlfriend piped up.
Man, I don't know what I felt at the time. Maybe it was guilt. Maybe it was a rush of doing something so unforgivably wicked. "Sorry... Someone was uh, waving me down. I think I... I..."
Alyssa was slowly jacking the base of my erection as she attentively licked and sucked the rest of me; her hot little ass swaying as she worked, her eyes looking up at me and batting innocently.
"I can uh, blow off some of this and... come soon." Honestly. I wasn't trying to make it sound likethat.
Alyssa dragged her mouth off of me for a moment and gave me an astonished look, then silently mouthed,you bad boy! Then she licked under her teeth and started sucking me again.
Kristen finally let the conversation end and said goodbye. I clicked the phone off and literally dropped it to the floor, letting out a huge groan. "Oh fuck!"
Alyssa took me out of her mouth and kept jacking me as she licked the sides of my hard-on. Between running her tongue along me, she would murmur, "Mm, what's wrong baby?"
"Shit I- I can't believe this is...oh..." I moaned.
"Don't you like it?"
"God this is... this is so wrong..." I think I was talking to myself.
She stopped pumping me with her hands. "Tell me you like it..."
I was on the edge. Really, the only reason I hadn't blown my load yet was because I was concentrating on the phone. Alyssa's sudden decrease in stimulation drove my desire through the roof.
"What? I- come on!"
She placed her nails on the inside of my thighs and lightly raked down them, giving me a mischievous smirk. "Just be honest...tell me..."
"Fuck... ah- yes! Okay, I like it, okay..."
She gave a happy moan and brought her hands back to my cock. Leaning her lips back to it, she purred, "Tell me you need it..."
I admit it. I was desperate. She had me right where she wanted me. "I- I need it... please..."
She knew how to please. She took even more of me in than when she was teasing me before. Her palm was still wrapped around the base of it, squeezing and tugging just right as her hot breath covered the rest of me. It didn't take very long before I felt myself rising up and losing control. "Oh god, I'm- I'm going to..."
My whole body was tingling as I felt the wave rush through my body and between my legs. A huge burst came out of me as my climax started, and it shot into her mouth. I was shocked that she kept on me and tried to swallow it down. I was so fucking worked up though; I came more than she could handle and she had to pull off, catching the rest in her hands.
As my orgasm subsided, my head went limp against the back of the chair. I sighed hard, trying to catch my breath in that empty-headed state a man experiences after a hard come. After a few moments, my trance was broken by Alyssa.
"God that was...mm... So hot! I've been fantasizing about that for... ah, weeks..."
I watched her as she stood back up, smiling sweetly at me. I could still admire how awesome her body was, even though I was completely spent right then. Shortly thereafter, thoughts started slowly swimming back into my head, and I realized what had happened. A flood of guilt rose up in me and I quickly got up from the chair, re-fastening my pants.
"Oh man... Alyssa that was- I mean- that can't... I... It was a mista-..." I was rambling.
She didn't care. She walked over to a dresser and pulled a tape out from a drawer, holding it up, as if mocking me. "Hmm, was it worth it?"
I stepped closer to her and reached for it. She made no move to keep it away from me. As it dropped into my hand, she smiled, "Now you know what you're missing..."
I closed my hand around the tape and stood there for a moment, feeling completely dumbfounded. She ran her palms down her stomach, and I realized there was still some of my cum on her. Her lips pursed a little and she mused, "I'm alldirty..."
I took a step back as she moved toward me, but she just brushed her body against mine and passed right by, heading for the bedroom door. She opened it and looked back. "I'm going to take a shower... Feel free to join me..." With a little wink, she flipped back around and went into a side room in the hallway. I heard her turn the shower water on.
I stood there for another minute, wondering how in the fuck I had ended up in this situation. The shower water was still running, and I realized that by now she was in it. Did she really think I was going to join her? I quietly walked out of her room and paused briefly in front of the bathroom door. In spite of myself, I peeked in. I saw the panties that she had still worn the whole time on the floor. Her silhouette was blurred by the shower door. I could tell that she was running the water through her hair, stretching arms back and sticking out her chest. I admired the sight for a moment, then quickly moved on.
I quietly exited the apartment, got in my car, and pulled away. It wasn't until I was maybe half-way back to my place that I started registering thoughts again. Okay. I got all of the tapes. Good. Would she leave me alone now? Yeah right, she'll probably be encouraged now. Fuck, what have I done?
At some point it dawned on me that if she was clever enough to tape me on the phone, that she could just as easily have somehow recorded me in her bedroom... God, that would be a mess. What a fucking bitch! Who does she think she is, showing off that hot little body, blackmailing me all the while? I'm only a man for fuck's sake. Jesus... She made me come so hard. I can't believe I let her do that. Fuck.
I pulled up to my own apartment and turned off my car. I put my hands on my lap and closed my eyes. I was already hard again.

V

I was a mess for the next week or so. Constant anxiety and paranoia haunted me. Did Alyssa have any other tricks up her sleeve? Did she record me drooling over her striptease, then letting her suck me off while I lied to my girlfriend on the phone? Was she going to call me up and blackmail me again? What would she demand of me now?
It was so twisted. I never dreamed that I'd be manipulated by some hot woman in such a way. I couldn't decide what was worse: the guilt of going through with it, or the fact that it turned me on so much. It only made it that much naughtier that the girl who was playing me so bad wasyounger than me. I felt like such an idiot for letting her get away with anything, but man, it turned me on so goddamn much. Maybe because it was forbidden. Maybe because it was bad. Maybe because she was just too fucking hot. Whatever.
I felt like an asshole too because for all my shame, I could not, for the life of me, get her out of my head. How many times did I jack off recollecting her little striptease? Jesus, I was obsessing over her body. I was desperate even in my fantasies to run my hands along her skin and just fuckingtake her. I mean, shit, I know she wanted it. What I'd do to give in! Well... give in evenmore than I already had. Man, to get into those little panties...
The truth is, yeah, part of mewanted her to call me out again. I wanted that little bitch to push me further, make me give in. It was so goddamnwrong. Well, at least I thought that way in my horniest moments. Whenever I was thinking clearly, I was terrified of her and what she was doing to me.
Anyway. Whether I really wanted it or not, it came.
As I mentioned before, I typically get home before Kristen. It was the next Friday. Alyssa hadn't harassed me and, once again, I thought maybe she had gotten her fill of me. I had left work a little early and went straight home. I put the key in my door and swung it open.
What the fuck.
There she was, standing with her back against the opposite wall, looking right at me. Alyssa. I noticed right away that she was wearing a tiny skirt. It wasn't tight; it was the kind that would show her off to the world if the wind blew in the right way. In my complete bewilderment, I already caught myself lusting over her legs and thinking about that pussy that I had yet to see.Get a hold of yourself! What is she doing here? Get her the fuck out!
"Finally!" she chirped, smiling cutely and bending her knees a little at me.
I reeled my head. "What the- how the fuck did you get..." It didn't occur to me how she knew where I lived. All I cared about was getting her the hell away before Kristen got home. And, well... trying not to gawk at her sexy body...
She gave me a sarcastic look. "Don't pretend like you're not happy to see me..."
I balked, my eyes shooting all around, seeing if she had broken a window or something. Everything looked normal. "You- uh- get out!"
Her jaw dropped open as if she was appalled. "I wasmuch more gracious when you came over tomy place!"
I was pissed. I walked right up to her and grabbed her by the hips. If she wouldn't walk out, I would throw her ass out. But the second I grabbed her, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck. "Ooh! You wanna be aggressive?" she purred.
I tried to spin her around so I could push her out the door. Her body melted into mine, tangling her legs around me. Having her so close to me was exhilarating. As mad as I was, I had been hurting to be next to that body like a starving man. I started to grow hard despite my emotions.
"We're not doing this," I growled.
"What? We're not doing anything!" she pouted.
"Whatever you have planned!" I kept moving her toward the still-open door, but she snaked one of her arms behind her and closed it shut. The momentum of our movement caused us to crash into it, me pushing my body into hers against the door. It was so compromising. I didn't pull back right away. She held my eyes with a sultry stare, then moved forward to try and kiss me.
In my mind, I saw me leaning in and running my tongue in her mouth. But I managed to jerk my head back and stop her. She murmured a little pout. I grabbed the door handle and started to pull it open, even though she was still leaning against it and trying to keep it closed.
"Why do you keep fighting it?" she whispered as we struggled.
Because I have to! "Why won't you leave me alone?" I grunted.
I got the door open. She resisted the best she could but I was just stronger. Then her tone changed; she sounded desperate. "Wait! I have something you- you'll want to see!"
Oh shit, here it comes. I paused for a moment. "What is it now?" I practically growled.
"Let me get my purse! It's on your- your counter."
I let go of her and she effortlessly slid out of my grasp and passed by me into the kitchen. Now I was panicking. This had to be the new tape that I feared...
Shutting the door, I followed her back to the kitchen. She was standing by her purse, but something was different now. Her confident smile crept back into her lips. My heart started to sink. She just waited me out for a few seconds.
"Well?" I blurted out.
She ran her hands down to the hem of that little skirt and started pulling it up, inch at a time. I gawked in confusion as she revealed more thigh, more smooth skin, and then... oh fuck... she wasn't wearing anything under there...
I gazed like an idiot. She ran one of her fingers along her slit and brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it. My cock was screaming for attention now. This goddamn girl...
"Mm... Looks like you like it..." she chirped.
That snapped me out of my trance. "Uh- is... is that it?"
"It? I know this is what you wanted to see..."
I almost laughed from relief. I probably would have if I wasn't so confused, scared, and downright turned on. I took a step toward her, resolve showing again on my face. She dropped her skirt back down and dug into her purse before I got to her.
My stomach flipped over, fearing the worst again. I was completely stunned when she pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"I was afraid you might be difficult again," she said, almost condescendingly. The handcuffs dangled in one of her hands as she walked toward me.
"Uh you- we're not using- um..." My will was faltering. I should have just grabbed her ass and tossed her out; no more fucking around. But every second she stood there in front of me, my darker self was trying to claw its way out. Suddenly I had images of being cuffed to my bedpost; her tight body riding me against my will, making me come so hard...
But the image of my own bed reminded me of Kristen. What time was it? I probably had twenty minutes to... No,get her the fuck out of here!
I thought she was going to push her body into mine again, but at the last second, she slid past me. I gritted my teeth as her hip pushed against my obvious erection. She moved into the living room and put her back against a large support column that bordered the kitchen. If I had known her intention, I would have done something right then.
With her body pressed up against it, she wrapped her arms behind her, around the pillar. At first, I just thought she was posing for me again, her tits pressing out against the fabric of her shirt as her arms stretched behind her. Then I heard a click.Oh shit. Then I heard another one. She bit her lower lip and looked triumphantly at me.
She had handcuffed herself to the column.
"What... What the fuck are you doing!?" I think I sounded more amazed than pissed.
"Fair is fair!" she sang, smiling at me.
I shook my head, "What are you talking about?"
"Well... The way I see it;I made you come. Now it'syour turn!" She was shifting her weight around the column. It was obvious she wasn't kidding around; she was attached to it. Half of me was dumbfounded, thinking I was completely hosed once Kristen got home. The other half of me? Well, it saw a hot, seductive girl with a slutty little skirt tied up in front of me...
"You- uh- you... You gotta be... shitting me..."
With a sly grin, lips pursed shut, she slowly shook her head no.
My voice quavered. "Alyssa... I- My girlfriend will..."
"I already hid the key," she interjected. "Before you got home. You'll never find it. But... I'll tell you where it is once we're...even..."
I briefly scanned my surroundings and realized if she was telling the truth, she was right. There was no way I could find it. Not before Kristen got home. Did I have anything that could cut through the metal? No...God, what the fuck. My mind was completely fogged.
I at least rifled through her purse. It was small and had barely anything in it. There was no key. While I searched, I heard her cooing, "You're wasting your time..."
My senses were completely jumbled. I had entered the surreal. Moving to stand in front of her, I just looked on incredulously. She was just... so fuckin' fine. Her arms cuffed behind her. Her chest sticking out. Those legs... in that skirt... The look on her face was one of complete satisfaction and anticipation at the same time. She looked so helpless but... fuck, she was completely in control.
I was hard. Like,achinghard. Everything was so wrong but... Wow. My eyes dropped to her skirt and I thought about that naked pussy underneath. Was I actually going to do this? I pictured pulling my cock out, walking up to her, and just picking her up. Let her wrap her legs around me as I just rode her... She wouldn't be able to stop me. I could do whatever I wanted to her. I can't believe I'm thinking about fucking her... I need to get the key...
"Mm- Don't keep me waiting... Or do you like seeing me all tied up for you?"
"I can't believe this..." I mumbled to myself. I moved my hands to my belt and started to unfasten it.
Her eyes widened in delight. "Ooh!"
Closing my eyes in disbelief, I let my pants drop to the floor. Kicking them off, I moved close to her.
"Hmm... This isn't quite fair..." she mused.
I was right in front of her now, feeling animalistic. My hard-on was throbbing in front of her. I was inches from being underneath that skirt.
"I had to go down on myknees for you... I think you should... return the favor..." she smiled.
You've got to be kidding me. "Uh... W-what?" I croaked.
"Get me off like I got you off..." She gave me an open-mouthed smile and ran her tongue across the top of her teeth.
"You can't... be s-serious..."
She nodded coyly. "Or can you not help yourself? Are you going to... rape me? Do you want to take advantage of my cuffed little body?"
Fuck yes I do! I gritted my teeth at her comment, my body needing to be in hers.
"But... is it really rape if I want it? I can...pretend that I don't... that you're takingadvantage of me... Would that turn you on? I mean... that seems to beyour role; pretending you don't want it..."
I grabbed onto her legs and pushed her skirt up, taking a step closer. Everything she was saying... She was toying with me but, man, she knew how to make me hot. I slid my cock between her legs and it ran along the slit of her pussy. She made a slight sigh.
"You can fuck me... But I'm not telling you where the key is until I come off your tongue..." she whispered.
My breaths were shallow now. "You bitch," I cursed under my breath.
"Give me what I gave you... Unless youwant Kristen to see the kinky games you play with me..."
The mention of my girlfriend made my face turn red hot. I stole a glance at the clock and realized I was running out of time. Reluctantly, I sank down to my knees in front of her. Without any ceremony, I ran my hands up her thighs and pushed her skirt up, revealing her pussy to me once again. I leaned into her; she was already completely aroused.
I held my mouth in front of her glistening slit for a moment and just blew lightly on it. She moaned quietly and thrust her hips out to meet my face. That was it for me. I wrapped my hands around to her ass and pulled her into my mouth, running my tongue along her waiting sex. I was rewarded with a gasp. She was already so wet.
Abandoning all pretenses, I just dove into her. I did everything I could to give her pleasure. Honestly, I don't think I was doing it to get her to tell me where the key was. I genuinely was desperate to make this girl come. I didn't care about the humiliation of being on my knees, dick hanging out and crying for attention. All I cared about were her sexy moans and her delicious pussy.
"Oh... ah- you... you animal... fuck... suck me! Yeah- lick me!"
I followed her every command. Whenever she jerked or moved her hips in one direction, I did my best to focus my attention wherever she guided me with her body.
"Y-yeah...God! Oh- you're so- so good!Ah! Eat me you-mm- bastard... I've waited-oh! So long!"
She had one leg draped over my shoulder now. Her hips were bucking against my face. I felt her thighs trembling as she strained all her muscles. She was close. I didn't let up; I was going to make this little bitch come. My fingers dug into her skin as I pushed her into my face even deeper. Her dirty talk was reduced to incoherent sounds of pouts and moans.
Then it happened. Her voice cracked and suddenly she was quiet. Her entire body tensed up except for her hips, which she jerked up and down on my tongue in fast little thrusts. I tried my best to keep up with her, but I got lost in her pussy as it swelled with her juices as she came. I felt like I was practically drinking her.
Even as she calmed down, she kept wiggling on my tongue lazily, trying to squeeze out every last bit of her climax. Finally she exhaled loudly, "Fuck yeah..."
I pulled off of her and she relaxed her body. Wiping the wetness off of my mouth, I stood up wobbly and glared at her. Her face was flushed red and she was panting; a tired smile of total contentedness. My cock was standing at full attention, pre-cum dripping from my frantic lust.
She rolled her head at me and sighed, "It's in the pillowcase on the couch..."
Oh yeah... I was embarrassed; realizing all I was thinking about was how I could get off right then. I went to the couch and unzipped the first pillow; the key was right there. I snatched it out and immediately unlocked her cuffs. I admit I was half-way tempted to leave her there and take out my frustrations on her...
She pulled her free arms in front of her and rubbed her wrists a little. "So I guess we're even! I better leave. You know... so I'm not late for work." She was so nonchalant.
Her body turned from me and I watched her slink into the kitchen to grab her purse. She wiggled her ass at me. I saw that sexy behind shake beneath that skirt and felt my blood boil up in me. Then something inside me just...snapped.
She was facing the counter, putting the handcuffs back in her purse. I moved behind her and slid my still-hard dick under her skirt. A little "Oh..." escaped her lips. I didn't care what it meant. I pushed into her further and she spread her legs a little, pushing her ass out.
"I thought you wanted me to leave..." she said brashly.
I grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and found her wet pussy with the other. Then I callously thrust myself inside her. She let out a gasp and gripped the countertop.
"You fucking bitch," I hissed.
"Ah! I'm- I'm not making you- you..."
"You home-wrecking little-uh-slut!" She was still totally lubricated and I pumped in and out of her with ease.
"Mm... Ah! You-uh- you like it..." she panted.
"I fucking- ah- hate you!" It wasn't going to be long. I had been on the edge since I got down on my knees.
"Then why can't-uh! Can't you- you help yourself?" she gasped as I rode her. "You want me-oh- to be your- your slut? I'll be-ah! I'll be whatever you want..."
"I want-ugh-I want you outta my- my fucking life!"
"Ah! Yeah- you can't-mmph-can't even stay out of my- ah- my pussy!"
I was pushing myself as far into her as I could go, holding it a little each time I was buried in her up to the hilt of my dick. I was a man possessed.
"You- you need it...Ah! You need to come bad, don't you baby?" she grunted. "If you can- can stop yourself...Oh...I'll- I'll leave you alone..."
My mind was reeling.
"But-uh- if you come... If you unload in my little-ah- pussy...Mm-then you know-know you can't resist me..."
I slowed down my thrusts.Just pull out of her, idiot. Now is your chance! I couldn't quite will my body to stop.
"Yeah- just try and give up...Ah! I'll be whatever you want,oh- your little slut-on-the-side! Oh! You want that?"
Shut up! It was too much. She was so fucking bad. I felt myself hitting the point of no return.
"Ah! Fuck me! Fuck this naughty little pussy that-oh- that you thought you- you couldn't have... Give- ah-give in!"
That was it. My mind went blank as my climax took over. I started pumping streams of cum into her; filling her up. She pushed her ass into my pelvis as hard as she could, grinding a little to make me come even more. I had one hand on her hip, another on her shoulder, pulling her into me at the same time. I don't know if she said anything else while I was coming; I was lost in the feeling.

VI

What happened next was a blur. I remember her conquering, giddy smile. I tried to rush her out the door as fast as I could, but she was determined to be casual about it. She was completely cocky.
"You loved that, didn't you?" she insisted. "How long until you're going to be thinking about it again?"
I told her that she had to leave. I don't think I was forceful anymore; just pleading.
"I love that you can't resist me...Mm- Now I know you're mine. The question is: will you keep trying to resist?"
I opened the door and grabbed her arm to lead her through. On her way out, she smiled, "I'll be thinking about you..." She hopped out in front of me and bent over slightly, letting her skirt ride up her ass. With a quick swat, she spanked herself in front of me, "I look forward to you...punishing me for today. I know how much youhate me..."
I slammed the door, ashamed that I was already getting hard again. I desperately flew around the house, spraying air freshener, brushing my teeth, throwing on a different pair of clothes. Kristen came home shortly thereafter.
She gave me a piteous look. "You look like a mess!"
"Long day at work," I lied.
"I'll tell you what. Let me unwind a little and then we'll go out for burgers. My treat!"
"Uh- that's not necessary. I'm pretty- pretty tired."
"No way! You've been stressed lately. It'll be fun. Good food and, hey, if you're lucky, we'll see that cute waitress you like!" she gave me a wink.
I forced a weak grin.
About an hour later, we pulled up to the restaurant. The entire ride I was on nerves. I tried to talk her out of going but I gave up, fearing that I was sounding paranoid or suspicious. I remembered Alyssa had mentioned that she was working tonight. Hope, hope, hope she was joking.
We took a free parking space and waited about a minute until a waitress came. She had a smile from ear to ear. I rolled down the window and Alyssa skipped up. "Hi, how are you guys?" She gave me a knowing look. "Back for more, huh?" she smirked.

***

As always, I hope you enjoyed the story. If you have any comments or feedback, I would love to hear it. Thanks for reading.
Do not reprint this work on any other website, or any medium, without express consent of the author (me!).
Synopsis: A reluctance story about a guy in a relationship that finds himself the object of desire for a young, sexy waitress. She comes on to him aggressively and ultimately uses blackmail and seduction to try and force him to give in to her.

I

So I went to this burger joint probably about once every other weekend. It was one of those quasi-retro establishments: you pulled up in your car, ordered out your window, and ate right there. The place seemed to go out of its way to hire only waitresses, although the occasional unlucky sop might have gotten a male once in awhile. Not all the girls were cute, but most of them were. One in particular, Alyssa, she was right up my alley.
They all wore something resembling a uniform; mostly it was just the same color scheme. Alyssa though, she always wore nice tight, little clothes that did a great job of making the guys want to tip her more. Tonight? She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts, maybe the shortest I've seen on her. Probably because it's summer, you know? She has a tee-shirt on that doesn't expose much skin, but at least it's tight upstairs where it counts. Something I haven't seen before: she's wearing these long striped socks. It really puts the accent on her legs and makes her look fantastic. She's innocent, she's sultry; she knows it.
I always make it a point to park in the area that she's serving. I'm sure by now she recognizes me because I'm always all smiles whenever I see her. Not that I'm trying to get with her or anything. Honestly! I'm in a great relationship with my girl, Kristen. In fact, we both come here together. Kristen knows I think this waitress is cute. She doesn't really care because it's all in good fun. We're the kind of couple that can say, yes she is hot, or yes, I bet you'd hit that, honey. Nothing ever comes of it; no big deal.
Alyssa is not really my type anyway. Sure, I think she's fine. So what? She's probably barely in college. Nineteen, maybe twenty years old? I don't really know; I'm a terrible judge of age. Don't get me wrong, I have by no means accomplished any great age myself; college wasn'tthat long ago, but still.
The point is: any normal person likes to look. And tonight, I was having a great time looking. Back and forth she went, waiting on this car, bringing that tray back. Each time she passed by, I longingly (even if I tried to make itlook casually) admired her. Especially her legs tonight.Damn, those socks. I'd like to think she was showing off for me; swaying her pert little ass a little more than necessary. Someone parked across from me was paying out their bill to her. She was digging out some change and justhappened to drop some. Did she curtsey down like a lady, bend her knees, and pick it up modestly? Happily no. Her legs, straight as arrows, did not move as she reached down, displaying a perfect bend-over view of her ass to me.
Completely losing my cool, I found myself staring at her ass and exposed thighs as she leaned back up and handed over the change to the customer. My cock actually stirred in my pants! My reverie was broken by a light punch on the arm from Kristen. I shook my head over and looked at her. She was giving me an incredulous look, like,don't stare TOO hard. Now, we may be an open-minded couple, but everyone has limits, you know? Despite myself, I had an enormous fucking grin on my face. One that says:guilty as charged. I tried to play it down with some flattery.
"Maybe you should work here. A couple moves like that and I guarantee you'll get more tips than she does!"
She rolled her eyes at me but I was pretty sure I was off the hook. At least, of course, if I toned down the gawking a notch.
We sat in the car for awhile, enjoying our food pretty slowly. This place was nice for us because it gave us the chance to people watch in-between conversation without the hassle and noise of a "real" restaurant. It was a nice treat after a hard week's work and, hey, let's face it. The fries were good.
As the food was winding down, I decided I may as well take a leak before the drive home. The restroom was on the other side of the restaurant so I had to take the walk of exhibition across all the cars. I tried to look casual; knowing every windshield I passed had at least one pair of eyes watching me go by. I know it's nothing but, it's just one of those situations everybody notices once they're in it. So, doing my best to just stare straight ahead, I realized Alyssa was coming down the aisle the opposite direction.
Still feeling slightly paranoid about Kristen getting upset, I felt a little embarrassed to look right at her, so I kept my eyes down at the ground. As we approached each other, my eyes were trained on her feet and calves, and I was again admiring the look of her in those socks.Cute but sexy.
"Watch your step," I heard her innocently joke. My head instinctively shot up and I met her gaze. She was a bit shorter than me, but she had this confident smirk on her face that suffered no doubt of self-assurance. I broke into a silly grin and let out a chuckle. "Wouldn't want my favorite customer to trip and hurt himself!" she sang as she walked on by me.
Yeah, I bet she says that to all the guys. Big deal. I blushed stupidly just the same at the attention of a pretty girl and walked the rest of the way to the bathroom with a dumb smile on my face, trying my best to mask it for whatever reason.
So I get to the restroom. It's an older place, and facilities consisted of one room for the ladies, one for the men. Spacious! I do my business, and as I'm washing my hands, I have to admit I was daydreaming about Alyssa a bit. Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed and chuckled. Get a hold of yourself.
I moved to unlock the door and leave, but as I opened it I noticed a body patiently waiting right outside. Startled, I jumped a little once I realized who it was. Her back was to me, but as she heard the door open, Alyssa turned to face me with a guilty little smile. Before I knew what was happening, she darted into the room, sliding her body through the partly-ajar doorway. I took a step back in bewilderment. Once she was in, she shut the door behind her with her foot and leaned back against it.
She was holding her hands behind her back and had this look of total mischief on her face, like she just got away with something. Her head was turned to the side, as if listening through the door to make sure no one had caught her; then she looked at me. She was chewing her lower lip slightly, with this intent look in her eyes. Hands still clasped behind her, she made an effort to stick her chest out a bit, pushing her breasts against her shirt even more.
I was stunned. Honestly, my first thought was maybe she had pulled a prank on another waitress and she was hiding or something. As my eyes roamed her body, my body tingled with a little nervous energy.God, she is hot. As I stared back down to her gorgeous toned legs, the image of her bending over in front of me flashed behind my eyes. I felt myself starting to get hard, but at the same time, I remembered Kristen. Then I really started feeling awkward.
This, of course, all happened in an instant.
"Uh... Hi?" I blurted out.
Her face flushed into a shy smile. "Hi."
I furrowed my brow a little and grinned back, "I think you came in the wrong door."
She shook her head. "I think you know I didn't."
I felt a huge lump form in my throat. Suddenly the room felt very small. Her legs were pressed together and she was shifting her weight, rubbing her knees against one another. I didn't even realize I was staring at her legs again and shot my eyes back up to her face. I could tell by her expression that she knew I was checking her out. A small wave of guilt rushed through me, but I was still excited.
"I was wondering when we'd finally get some alone time..." she coyly mused.
My heartbeat began to race. Is she coming on to me? This kind of thing doesn't happen.
"Um, I... uh, what?" I stammered.
She pulled her hands out from behind her and stretched them out to the sides, almost nonchalantly. "Oh come on, I see the way you look at me every time you come here..."
My face turned red and I tried to bite my tongue to hold back a guilty smile. She pulled her arms above her head, stretching them up high now. It had the effect of pulling the bottom of her shirt up to expose a good portion of her tummy. The sight of her skin forced me to swallow hard and, despite myself, my eyes were drawn down to her body again.
She let her arms fall back down and her stomach was covered back up by her shirt. With one last glance at her hips and those little shorts showing off her thighs, I snapped my gaze back up.
"You don't have to worry, your girlfriend isn't here to stop you from looking now..." Her voice was soft, encouraging, but a little condescending. She toyed her fingers on the hem of her shorts, traced the skin of her legs delicately and pulled up the cloth ever-so-slightly. "What is it you like best?" she inquired innocently.
Now, I was pretty nervous at this point. This smoking-hot girl was flirting with me. I didn't know how or why it was happening. For whatever reason, maybe nerves, maybe something else, I tried to diffuse the situation by...flirting back. "Well uh, I like the socks," I smiled, trying to sound light-hearted.
"Oh?" she piqued up, enthused. She started walking forward toward me. I instinctively took a couple steps back, but the room wasn't that big and I was already backed against the sink. "What about them do you like?"
She was right next to me now. My mouth felt dry as I started to wonder where this was going. She put one of her feet up on the toilet seat and ran her hand along the length of her raised leg. "Well?" she insisted.
"Um, I dunno, they're uh..." I dragged my eyes across the length of her leg, now so close to me. She kept tracing her fingers casually along her skin, which looked so soft and perfectly smooth. I could see even more of her thigh as her shorts rode up a bit from the position she was standing in. "They're uh, cute I guess..."
"Mmm," she hummed. "I think so too. But are they only cute?" Somehow her question beckoned me to look straight at her. Her eyes were piercing as she added, "Or are they sexy too?"
I scoffed out a little laugh at her audacity. Still trying to play it cool, I agreed, "Yeah, that too."
"I'm glad you think so. I wore them for you... You always come on a Friday..."
My heart was thumping in my chest and I was suddenly aware of my growing erection. I looked over at the door and realized that I really needed to get out of there. No man takes this long to piss, you know? But as if realizing my growing anxiety, she grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her propped-up leg.
I took a sharp intake of breath and glared at her. "W-what are you...?"
Despite my reluctance, my hand had a mind of its own. I didn't pull away; I gingerly caressed her perfect leg. Her eyes fluttered a little bit and she let out a little sigh as I touched her. My hard-on grew.
"I uh, I need to- to go now..."
"Shh," she smiled at me. She leaned her head in closer. Part of me tried to shy away, but there was no more room to back up. For a brief second I thought she was going to try and kiss me, but at the last moment she moved her lips right to my ear, and ever so softly whispered, "She doesn't have to know..."
My mind was torn. Half of me was screaming,Please, let me get the fuck out of here... The other half was shouting,Please, let her fuck me now...
I was massaging the underside of her thigh, subconsciously inching my way up closer to her ass. For her part, she was gently thrusting her hips forward, giving me a better chance to do so. I shut my eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get control of myself. Just as I felt some resolve coming back to me, there was then a pressure pushing against my raging-hard cock.
I grunted, "Christ!" as my eyes flew open and looked down to see her hand begin to massage my hard-on through my pants.
"Mmm, you know better," she purred, "It'sAlyssa."
"A-Alyssa, I- I can't do this. I, uh, I have a girlfriend!" I finally managed to take my hand off her leg. I used my other hand to grab her wrist and pull her off my package. She mewed a little pout.
"Don't you want it?"
I put my hands on her hips to push her back, but being afraid to grip her too hard, she slithered her body down a little bit and made my hands glide up under the sides of her shirt. I found myself cupping those sexy curves where a girl's stomach turns inward, scrunching her shirt up to show off her belly again.
For a brief second I faltered, my lust for her body getting the better of my senses. She noticed and slid her body right up to mine. My hands ran along the length of her sides and up onto her back. She pushed her waist into mine, forcing more pressure on my throbbing dick. Her hands found their way to my ass and she grabbed on, pulling me into her even more. I heard the sweet sound of a girl's anticipating moan creep out of her lips.
I knew this was bad; that I shouldn't want it. But the incredible feeling of this sexy young body eagerly pushing against me was enough to make any man second-guess his morals. My cock was stimulated enough now that any sensation rubbing through my pants caused my body to tremble. She felt this and rubbed her hips against me in tiny little thrusts to tease pleasure out of me. Despite my best intentions, I felt myself push back into her.
Rational thought was almost completely gone as I continued to hold her, my hands still resting on her back. She angled her head down and I felt her hot breath along my neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of her hair, briefly intoxicating me, and then let out a quiet groan as I felt her warm tongue run up the base of my neck and end with a slow kiss to my jaw.
Some desperate part of me tried to make another effort to halt things. "Don't... Stop..."Obviously my subconscious would have no part in it.
She pulled her head back and stared right into my eyes, a victorious and anticipating gleam shining on her face. "Don't worry," her lips curled up, "I won't..."
Her back arched away from me a little bit and she slid her hands from my ass around to the front of my jeans. Her fingers began to deftly work my belt. There was no hiding the obvious tent I was pitching, and admittedly I was dying to let it be free. My hands had run down to the small of her back due to her changed position. I gawked, seemingly helplessly, as her hands worked my belt undone and went for my fly. Because she was still leaning back, her shirt kept riding up, exposing her exquisite stomach. Her little shorts were pulled down just a fraction, but I could still see more of her lower abdomen than ever before. They were so low, so tantalizingly close to exposing so much more...
I didn't even realize during my lustful gaping that one of my hands had found its way to her ass, gently squeezing her pert, tight backside. The button on my jeans was undone now. She pushed one of her hands up onto my stomach under my shirt, almost completely exposing my pelvic region. I'm ticklish there, and normally I probably would have laughed at the touch, but now it only shot jolts of pleasure between my legs.
My zipper was down. Her other hand grabbed the waist of both my jeans and boxers in the front, and then slowly started to pull them down. Both of us were watching my cock, waiting for it to spring out. I'm not sure which one of us wanted it to happen more. Everything was such a rush; thoughts barely even had time to form in my mind before instinctual lust overwhelmed them.
My pubic hair was being revealed, then the very base of my hard-on. It was pointing down, and the feeling of my clothes rubbing against it as they were pushed along was electrifying. I shut my eyes, experiencing the feeling of passing the point of no return. It was that sensation of when you hesitate at an amber light when driving, then at the last minute, when you damn well know it's too late to even think about making it, you floor it just as it turns red.
Then we heard the door.
Someone was tentatively opening it from the outside. I just about jumped out of my skin, realizing Alyssa hadn't locked it after she snuck in. She stopped tugging at my clothes and, eyes shooting wide open, flipped around and stopped the door from opening more than just a few inches.
My senses came flooding back to me at that moment. I shook my head, jerked my pants back up to my waist, and frantically started putting myself back into order. Alyssa's voice was smiling as she answered whoever was on the other side of the door.
"Oh, sorry! I'm just..." A brief pause... "...cleaning the facilities up. There was an accident." She pulled it off so naturally; her voice was coy and flirtatious, completely covering up any awkwardness she was feeling with the embarrassing excuse. I heard some male voice on the other side apologize quickly and shuffle off. For some reason, I realized part of me feared that it was Kristen who was barging in on us. A wave of relief washed over me.
Alyssa shut the door and spun around. She had this wild glint in her eye, something that indicated she had no intention of stopping. But just then I could see a faint sense of disappointment cloud her face. She realized I was completely dressed again and thinking at leastsomewhat clearly.
"Aww," she pouted, "What are you doing?" She tried to put on the "poor cute girl" face as she jutted her lower lip out. But at the same time, she was sheepishly pulling her shirt up just under her breasts, seemingly innocuously but knowing full-well by now that I loved to see the long stretch of her stomach. For a moment I thought I might be getting free of my erection, but I felt myself starting to harden right back up.
"I can't- I can't do this... I mean, I'm uh- flattered but... you know, I just..." I was practically stuttering. I moved closer to her in attempt to get her away from the door. She didn't budge. Instead she backed up against it as much as she could and spread her legs out as if she was going to barricade it with her body. She wore an impish smile as she did it, as if daring me to try and move her.
I was afraid to touch her body for the simple reason that I might lose myself in lust again. Nevertheless I tentatively placed my hands on her waist, making sure to only touch her shorts and not her skin, and tried to pull her to the side of the door. She responded by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling her body into mine, as if leaping into a hug.
I felt her body knowingly push into my cock, which was screaming for attention again, and then heard her murmur in a little girl's voice, "Do you want me to beg...?"
Oh god. I don't know why, but that was so fucking sexy. For a second I actually felt weak in the knees. But I was so close to the door, the urgency of escape still in my mind. "Uh, you don't- um, just- please, I can't..."
I managed to push her off my body, although her hands dropped down and grabbed playfully at the waist of my pants. Completely desperate now and not thinking about how any of this might look, I grabbed the door handle and jerked at it, propping it open. Mercifully, Alyssa finally let go of me.
I didn't even look back to see the expression on her face. As soon as I slipped out the door, I shut it behind me. I took a deep breath and started walking down the long aisle of cars to return to Kristen. My face was beet red; I couldn't help but to think everyone knew I was in there with some waitress. Realizing I still had the remains of an intense hard-on, I stuffed my hands in my pockets to try and mask it.
I finally reached my car and shuffled myself inside. Kristen was looking at me a little dubiously. "Get lost?"
My eyes frantically darted out all vantages of our windows, making sure there was no way she could see the bathroom from where we parked. Once I realized she couldn't, I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Uh, they were cleaning it out when I got there," I chuckled, trying to sound natural.
"Ew," she giggled.She bought it!
For a minute I thought I might be home-free. Then it dawned on me; I hadn't paid for the meal yet. My heart sank. What would Alyssa say? How was she going to react? Kristen was trying to tell me some story, but I could hardly pay attention as my nerves rattled on edge.
At last I saw Alyssa walking down the aisle, coming towards us with a bill in hand. I watched her in a completely different light. Before, I just admired a great-looking girl. Now? All I could see was a sizzling nymph that tried to break me. Fuck me, but it just made her hotter.
She came up to my window andthankfully acted completely natural. I wordlessly handed her my credit card, forcing a smile but pleading with my eyes for her to keep her mouth shut. She briefly left to a register to run the card, then returned with the receipt. She handed it to me with a pen to sign.
As I took it, I swallowed hard as I read the bill. In the line where you normally write in the tip,she had written in: "Think of me tonight," followed by a little heart. I felt my face start to redden and I scribbled my signature as fast I could, handing the receipt back and praying Kristen didn't try to look at it.
She took it with a smile and told us to have a great night. As she said it, she gave me a very subtle wink. Just as I saw it, I felt my cock stir again. I thanked her, started the car, and drove the fuck out of there.

II

That night, Kristen and I fucked. It was pretty damn good, but you know the problem. The whole time, I was thinking of Alyssa. I had been trying to put her out of my mind all evening, but that was just impossible. Images of her body were seared into my eyelids; I saw her every time I so much as blinked.
In bed with Kristen, the lights were off. I closed my eyes anyway. I ran my hands all over her body, but in my mind, it was Alyssa's. I tried to imagine every curve of her that I had seen and felt. Sure, I felt guilty about it. I mean, it wasn't the first time I had ever thought about somebody else; who hasn't? But this was different. This was morereal. What's worse is that I fantasized about myself giving in.
First I pictured us never being interrupted, and that she pulled my dick out and jerked me off until I had to have her. Then I imagined us still being interrupted, but me not getting my senses back. I thought about her hot little body turned away from me as she bullshitted that customer away. What I would've done to just drop my pants and step up to her, pushing her against the door, thrusting myself against that pert ass.
All these images and more were flashing through my mind as I fucked my girlfriend with a passion. When I finally came, I remembered her note on the receipt,think of me, and had a hugely guilty but amazing orgasm.
The next morning while I was in the shower, I couldn't help replaying the events in my mind. It didn't take long before I was extremely horny and had to stroke myself off right there. Kristen opened the bathroom door at some point and asked if I was okay because I was taking so long. I felt embarrassed at my behavior, but I still couldn't stop myself.
Alyssa was a constant fantasy of mine for the next week and a half or so. Nevertheless, I vowed to not let myself go to that restaurant again any time soon if I could help it. While some depraved part of me was desperate to go see her again and find out if she would try to seduce me once more,and man it was tempting, I knew it was a terrible idea. Despite my fantasies, I realized I was lucky to have gotten away with what I did.
At first I tried to rationalize that Alyssa had made all the moves on me. I was the victim! But deep down I had to admit that I liked it; that I wasthis close to giving in. And even though I didn't, I wasn't sure anymore how many times I had fantasized that Idid.
Anyway, I was determined to just squelch it out as a naughty dream and move on with my life.
She had other ideas.
I was at work, busying myself away at my desktop. The little "new mail" icon pops up in the corner of my screen. I click on it.Missed you last weekend. What is this? My first reaction is that it's spam, but almost none of that ever gets through the filters at the job, so I click on it.
Missed you last weekend. I even wore my socks for you again. XOXO.
Oh shit. It was fromher. And there were pictures already displaying in the message body. I don't know if she took them with a digital camera or a webcam or what. But the first was her in the same outfit she wore that one day, short shorts and long socks. She had this really girlish pose with her hands behind her back. I scrolled down. The same thing, but now her hands were stretched up, exposing her tummy.
Scroll. She's facing away from the camera, pulling her shirt up; it's almost completely off. My dick is swelling. Next picture: her shirt if off, she's not wearing a bra, but her back is still to the camera. I can tell one of her arms is draped across her chest to cover her tits; her head is turned so I can see her smiling seductively at me.
My phone rings. I actually jump in my seat it startles me so bad. Without thinking, I delete the email straightaway. My hands are sweating and I feel like my boss is on the other side of the line, and he's about to fire me for downloading teen porn at work. I pick up the phone and it turns out to be nothing, just a co-worker asking some inane question.
After I hung up, I just sat at my desk for a couple minutes, breathing hard. How the hell did she get my email address? Who the hell does she think she is, sending that shit here? How many photos did she attach anyway? What could I have seen if I had kept scrolling...? Why did I have to delete it so fast; maybe I could've saved those pictures...
I tried to get a handle on myself. Attempting to clear my head, I went back to work. For awhile it was a lost cause: my mind obviously racing and, to be honest, in the gutter. Maybe an hour later I had actually managed to get it out of my thoughts when another email came. My heart leapt in my throat.
Hi Sexy, did you get my pictures? I skimmed over the message; there were no images this time (both to my relief and... utter disappointment). The message didn't say much. Some,I've been thinking of you and shit. Really she just wanted me to reply to her. At the end of it she put her phone number. I scribbled it down and deleted the email.
As excited as I was, I got to admit I was freaking out about this happening at work. Photo attachments, and now message bodies with suggestive language in it. If anybody happened to be running profanity filters or email surveillance on the employees, I could be in deep shit. Maybe I was being paranoid. Hell, I know I was. But forgive me if I'm not used to it.
I decided I would call her and firmly let her know that nothing was going to happen between us. I felt particularly emboldened by the fact that it would be over the phone and she wouldn't be able to use her wiles to try and charm me in person.
Wanting some privacy, I went outside to the parking lot and called her on my cell.
"Hello?" a girl answered.
"Hi, is this uh, Alyssa?" Great, I realized I felt like a nervous kid.
"Oh, you called!" I heard her chirp happily.
"Yeah, uh, look... You need to, um, you can't send me emails..."
"Why not?"
"What? I mean, how did you even get a hold of it..."
"I just googled your name," she said it so matter of fact. For a moment I was bewildered as to how she even knew my full name, but then I realized she has seen it plenty of times on my credit card.
"Okay, um, I'm flattered and everything but, this has got to stop."
"Why, didn't you like the pictures?"
"Yea-uh..." I cut myself off. I can't believe I blurted out a yes.
"Ooh! Which was your favorite?"
I sighed. "I deleted them. I can't look at that stuff at work!"
"Aww, but youdid want to..."
This was not going as well as I planned. "Alyssa, this can't go on- I mean, it's not going anywhere..."
"Why not? Aren't you attracted to me?" she pouted.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot, big deal. I have a-"
She interrupted me. "So what's the problem? You seemed pretty interested in the bathroom... Ifelt it!" She giggled a little at that.
"That was, uh..." I was completely faltering now.
"I saw the way you looked at my body. My legs... my stomach... There is so much more for you to see too..."
"I- I can't..."
"And I felt how you touched me...Mmm, I have been thinking about it. The way you rubbed my thigh, and how you squeezed my ass..."
Hearing her talking about it was making me so fucking hard. She wasn't even in front of me and I felt like she was working me under her spell again. And she didn't let up.
"There's more of me to touch though... And I definitely want to finish what I started.Mm- I have been thinking about it a lot. It wassuch a tease to only see a little bit of it... but I could tell it wasso hard! Is it... hard right now?"
Fuck yes it is! "Uh, god, what can I- uh- say to convince you..."
"Hmm, did you think about me that night?" she interjected suddenly.
"What?!" I exclaimed, knowing full well what she meant.
I heard her gasp over the phone. "Ooh, you did, didn't you? Did you... touch yourself when you were thinking about me?"
"Uh, no!" I stammered. This was completely out of control.
"What were you... oh gosh! Were youfucking your girlfriend and you thought of me?" I could tell she was bristling with excitement.
"Alyssa, I- I just called to tell you..."
"God, that's hot. You're not even trying to deny it!"
I was completely flustered. "No! I- this is done! I mean, it never started!"
Ignoring me completely, "I don't know why you're getting soexcited... I just want to make you feel good..."
"Well, you can't!"
She sighed over the phone and there was a short pause. "So, you don't want to touch me again?"
Finally, I was getting somewhere! "No!"
"You don't want to finish what we started?" she hummed.
"No!"
"Aww, that's so...disappointing! But, you have my number if you change your mind."
"I- I'm not- That's not gonna happen."
She completely blew me off, "Think of me again tonight," she purred.
Before I could say anything else, I heard the static go out as she ended the call. Totally flustered, I just stood there in the parking lot, my heart racing. I felt like a complete idiot for letting her run the conversation like that. But damn,the way she talks... Although on some level I was already aware that I had a raging hard-on for most of the conversation, I was now acutely conscious of the fact that I had one at work.
I stuffed my hands in my pockets and decided to take a walk around the building to try and relax. It was a useless exercise. The entire time I was thinking about Alyssa. I tried to remember how those pictures looked. I replayed our exchange over and over. The sound of her young, sexy voice... Taunting me about our close encounter... Fuck. I realized I was actually stroking myself a little in my pockets.
I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to think of a mountain of boring paperwork to settle myself down. Marching back into the building (hands stillcasually in my pockets), I returned to my office and tried to get back to work. There was no hope for me though.
Alyssa's body and voice dominated my mind. I was abuzz with nervous energy. I went to the bathroom. Good, nobody was there. I slid into a stall and, for the first time in my life, desperately jerked off in a public place. Everything about it felt so wrong; that I was at work doing it, that I was thinking about another girl... that I was thinking about a girl that was practically begging me to cheat with her.
I closed my eyes and imagined myself caving in to her seduction. How bad I wanted to give in to that young temptress right then... Oh fuck, before I knew it, I was coming hard. I actually groaned out loud a little bit. When I calmed down, my face flushed crimson with shame and embarrassment.
At least I took the edge off. I was able to be moderately productive for the rest of the day. But every time I noticed I got an email, and every time my phone rang, my heart skipped a beat. I feared, and admittedly hoped, that it was Alyssa hassling me again. Yet she didn't make any other attempt to contact me. I wondered if I had gotten through to her.
Any hope I had of pushing her out of my head was a pipedream though. Once again she had told me to think of her. I knew that night that I would be.

III

That weekend, Kristen suggested we hit up the burger joint. I had enough good sense to say no, despite any forbidden fantasies I maintained of giving Alyssa another opportunity to seduce me. In spite of my attempts to keep out of trouble, I found myself wading in it the following week.
Alyssa still had not attempted to contact me again, and for awhile I thought she had given up. I even managed to gonearly a whole day at work without my imagination drifting off to her image. I was leaving the office and just walking out to the parking lot when I heard a familiar voice. Yes, the same one that had been haunting my fantasies.
"Fancy seeing you here!"
I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around. Yep, there she was. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans that clung to her hips perfectly and a little tank-top that didn't come down too far. It showed off so much of the lower part of her navel that I wondered if she was completely shaven downstairs. I managed to drag my eyes up her tight body and meet her smirking gaze.
"No burger last weekend?" she frowned a little.
I suppressed a guilty smile and quickly turned away from her, doing my best to home in on my car. "I gotta go," I tried.
She trotted up to try and keep pace with me as I walked away from her. "Aw, what's the rush?"
"Look, I told you already. I- I'm not available."Keep walking.
"Just one sec! I only want to show ya something..." she pleaded behind me.
Show me what? Some more of your hot little body? "Not interested."Almost to my car.
Then I heard it. It was a little fuzzy, but I knew instantly what it was.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot..." The bitch had recorded our conversation. I stopped walking, but I didn't turn around. Suddenly my heartbeat was in my temples. I was desperately trying to remember what I had said on the phone to her. Did I say anything stupid? Something that would get me in trouble? All I could remember was her dominating the conversation...
She casually walked in front of me, cocky little look on her pretty face. She was holding a small recorder up which was playing segments of our conversation; just the bits that make me look like a horny asshole. After a minute she clicked it off. I blinked at her.
"W-what do you want?"
"I just wanna talk to you," she said sweetly.
"Well, we're uh- we're talking now."
She put her hands on her hips and gave me an indignant look. I swallowed hard as the pose forced me to look at her waist and see the soft, smooth skin that was shown off. "I didn't mean in a parking lot!"
I rolled my eyes. "Well there's nowhere else here; we'renot going in my office!"
"How about my place?" her eyes sparked.
Oh god, hell yes... "Uh- N-no," I stuttered.
She held up the tape again. "Okay, how about you drive me home." I was about to demur but she cut me off. "It's not far... We can talk on the way, and once we get there, you can have the tape. No tricks!" she smiled.
Now, I didn'tknow if she would actually try to show the tape to Kristen somehow. Even then, I didn'tknow if I would necessarily be incriminated. Looking in hindsight, I probably could have weaseled my way through this situation better. But at the time, I was panicking; "thinking clearly" was not in the cards. I reluctantly agreed.
Once we were in the car, she started up again. "Ooh, I've never beenin the car before. I only got to see from the outside! So this is what it's like to be your girlfriend." Her voice was innocent but sharp; she knew she was toying with me.
"You're uh- you're not my girlfriend," I flatly replied.
She gave a little pout and sat cross-legged in the seat. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, subtly trying to watch her legs as they shifted into position.Mm, flexible.
"That's just the thing... All I want is to have a little fun..." She dragged out the wordfun as coyly as possible. "Nobody has to know... Like a little fling on the side!"
My palms were already sweaty gripping the wheel. I was trying to focus on being pissed off at this girl, but I couldn't help my ego that loved being propositioned by this sexy thing.Just don't get hard... "I'm not going to- to uh, cheat on her."
"Turn left up here," she instructed. "Besides, you're not married or anything. Maybe she'd even like it!"
I wish! "Not gonna happen." I tried to keep my eyes looking forward.Don't look at her sultry smile.
She let out a long sigh. "It's so sad when people are so...possessive!I mean, it'sobvious that you want to! I do too! What's the big deal?"
I just shook my head.
"Right up at the next light." She reached her left hand out and started fiddling with the radio. I didn't think much of it until she dropped her hand back down and it landed on my thigh. I jumped in my seat at the touch, which just caused her to squeeze a little and massage my leg as if to calm me down. "Relax!" she giggled.
My dick was semi-hard, but not so erect that she could see it. The sudden touch shot instant life into it. Keeping one hand on the wheel, I batted away her arm, but it was too late.
"Ooh!There it is!" she squealed in joy; immediately shooting her other hand out to cop a feel of my hard-on through my slacks. She moved so fast that I couldn't stop her. The feeling of her gripping my cock made me squirm in my seat, both in discomfort and pleasure; it was all I could do to keep enough composure and stay in my lane.
"C-cut it out!" I blurted. She slithered her hands away, feigning remorse, but she was biting her lower lip and batting her eyes in a way that said:Got you, and you liked it.
"It's just up here," she pointed. It was a small apartment complex.
Finally. She showed the way to her building and I parked. My dick had calmed down a little, but not much. I turned to her and stuck out my hand. "Okay, I drove you here."
She took the recorder out of her purse and popped out the tape, handing it to me. "See? You can trust me!"
"Uh huh," I snatched it out of her hand.
"So, want to come in?" she beamed.
"Uh, nope."
She frowned. "Fine, I tried." She opened the door and started to get out. "But I have a confession..."
"Yeah?"Get on with it and get out.
"Well... I still have two more copies of the tape..." Her eyes flickered at me as she swung the door closed.
Fuck! "What! Hey, wait!" She was ignoring me, walking up to her door. I got out of my car and called at her again. "What are you trying to pull here?"
She spun around and tilted her head low, eyes shifting up to stare at me. "Nothing! If you want the other two copies, come in and get 'em!" She turned again and started walking; slow, leisurely steps that she accented by really swaying her ass side to side.
Anger started to boil inside me. "And if I don't?"
Without facing me, she nonchalantly replied, "Who knows who mightaccidentally hear it..." She unlocked her door and opened it, sliding inside. The door swung closed, but not so far that it latched. She was beckoning me in. I stood there for a moment, my heart racing. Everything was shouting at me to get out of there. I could explain all this to Kristen somehow... Maybe... Maybe not.
I needed to get those tapes. I was going inside just to do that. No ulterior motives. Not to see her room. Not to see her body. Not to give in to what promised to be explosive, mind-blowing sex. I took a deep breath and entered her apartment.

IV

I came in and shut the door behind me. Her place looked pretty small. I didn't see her anywhere, but I heard her voice call to me from what I'm sure was the bedroom. "Change your mind?" The way she said it let me know it wasn't really a question.
I spoke up from the entryway, afraid to go any further. "Look, I- I just want the- uh- the tapes. Come on I- I mean..." I was suddenly feeling very hot. My eyes were darting all over the place, in the vain hope that the tapes would be sitting out in the open. They weren't.
"They're in here!" she sang.
An involuntary shudder ran through my body. I was so fucking nervous. I tentatively walked up to the doorway and peeked in. Her room wasn't very big. It only had a small window, and she pulled the curtains over it so no light was coming through. There were a couple lava lamps in the room which gave it a soft, colorful glow.
"Alyssa I- We're uh, not going to... to do anything. I told you..."
She came to the door and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the room. She kicked the door shut behind us, closing off the light coming from the rest of the apartment. Only the radiance of the lamps lit the room. "I'm not here to force you into anything," she purred.
Bullshit. "Um, I'm not exactly here by- uh- choice."
She pulled the chair out from by her computer. I noticed a webcam and was distinctly aware that this is where she must have taken those pictures... She half-indicated, half-pushed me into the seat.
"We won't do anything you don't want. I just want to...show you what you're missing out on..."
Gulp. She moved away from the seat and clicked her stereo on. It was turned pretty low, but I could tell it was some sexy song. Then her hips started to move. A little to the left, a little more to the right... Oh god, she was going to dance.
She moved slow, but all her gestures were exaggerated. Every movement of her arms, her stomach, her ass, her legs; my eyes were glued to her body.
"You just watch, then I'll give you what you want," she drew out those last words.
"The uh, tapes?"
"If that's what you want when I'm finished..." she smiled.
She knows exactly what I'll want...
So she kept dancing. Both my hopes and fears were realized when she started to pull her shirt up.Striptease. I rubbed my forehead in disbelief, not knowing how to react. Part of me was furious; with her as much as myself. But another part of me was, well... hard-up.
Her shirt was bunched up to her bra now, showing off all of her lean stomach. She arched her back to accentuate her features and slithered around in front of me, running her fingers along her abdomen. She twirled away from me and shook her ass slowly as she pulled the shirt up further and off her body, throwing it off to the side. I was breathing slowly, watching her smooth back in anticipation. She was still wearing a bra but... oh fuck, just turn around.
She did, and I stared at her perky tits, my lips feeling dry as I gawked at her cleavage. Her body continued to sway. I can't remember if she was really that good of a dancer, or if I was just that hypnotized by her body, but at the time, good lord she could move.
Her hands moved to her jeans and began to unfasten them. My cock was aching in my slacks. How bad I wanted to stroke myself as I watched her. God, I felt so guilty about the whole thing. I kept trying to tell myself,once she's naked, once the dance is over, I'll get the tapes and leave. This isn't wrong. But I don't think I believed myself too much.
She twirled her body and spun in slow circles as she gradually pushed her jeans down, revealing her ass and thighs in a tiny pair of panties. As I was sitting in the chair, I had my hands covering my blatant erection, trying my best to hide it, but I was fidgeting like crazy with my fingers. I kept pushing my wrists down on myself to try tease out a little stimulation. Each time I did, I felt terrible, but I wanted more.
She kicked her pants off and was now only in her underwear. Her body kept on moving to the music; the shadows of the lamps played off her body and made her look more exotic than ever. She propped up one of her legs on the bed and bent over it, running her hands and body up along its length. I watched with hunger, recalling the memory of when I rubbed that sexy thigh when this all started. Her hands traced up her stomach and behind her shoulders. They were going for the bra clasp on her back.
She unfastened it and let the straps on her shoulders fall loose, but one hand kept it in place on her breasts. I think my eyes were starting to sting a little bit for lack of blinking. Her lips, which had for the better part of this dance been pursed in a seductive smile, were now hanging open a little bit. Jesus, she looked so raw, so inheat.
Moving her leg off the bed, she turned away from me again and went to a shelf. She casually moved her arms so the bra fell to the floor in front of her. I was watching so intently, gaping at her naked back, that I didn't even realize that while my right hand held my left wrist, I was playing with myself through my slacks with my left hand.
She reached over and grabbed something from behind the shelf. Her hand pulled back and I knew she was positioning her arm across her chest. Turning to me, she displayed a little tape in her hand. She took a few steps forward, ever so slowly, until she was in right front of me. The arm that held the tape still draped over her chest. "So, do you want it?" she asked hotly.
"Um, yeah," I uttered out. She was standing over me now, almost completely naked. I could really smell the perfume on her skin. I was tempted to just reach out and grab her body to pull it into the chair with me. It looked so luscious, just posing for me there.
"But...what do you want?" she chewed her lip a little.
"Um, the- the uh..." My mouth was dry. I couldn't find the words, but I was gesturing towards the tape.
"Oh, all you want is this?" she smirked, and held the tape out in front of me. I paid absolutely zero attention to it. Stretching out her arm completely revealed her breasts. My eyes widened as I took them all in. I remember thinking they were completely perfect, and being so fucking turned on because her nipples were hard. Knowing she was aroused only made me that much hornier.
She made a soft little moan and ran her free hand up to one of her tits, holding and squeezing it a little. "Or... do you want this?"
Her body leaned in over me. She put one of her knees on the chair and pushed up right against my body. I pulled back as far as I could in the seat, but she kept coming closer. She pushed her chest to my face while she ran the hand with the tape down to my slacks. She deftly slid it into my pocket, pressing her thumb against the base of my cock through my pants at the same time.
I gasped in pleasure at the touch and she tilted toward me more, holding her breast right in front of my face. "I'm a good girl..." she cooed, "You don't have to choose between me and the tape... You can have both..."
My mind was racing so fast that my thoughts just sounded like a high-pitch whir whistling in my ears.
"Why not just a taste... It wouldn't hurt anybody..." She leaned in closer. I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was gently kissing her nipple and running my tongue over it. She let out a soft moan that only encouraged me to continue. I was in heaven; I wasn't thinking at all. My hands raised and found her ass and lower back. How many times had I jacked off to the idea of touching her smooth skin again...
A chime went off somewhere in the apartment. My eyes shot open and suddenly I had something resembling clarity of thought.Oh fuck, what am I doing?"What time is it?" I blurted out, sliding my hands to her hips and pushing her back a little.
She let out a little scoff, completely pissed that the clock broke her spell. She leaned back and looked behind her. The clock on her stereo showed 6:00.Where the fuck has the time gone? I was so caught up in my own anxiety that I didn't realize how late it was getting. I'm always home before Kristen...
"Oh Jesus I- uh, okay. You um, you gave me one but... You said- uh, I could get both... I need to- to go..." I sputtered, trying to get a hold on the situation.
She stood in front of me, her chest heaving a bit from her heavier breathing. "I still haven't showed you everything..." she insinuated, running her fingers along the inside of her thighs and up along her panties.
"Fuck I- I don't have time... Kristen-er... My girlfriend will wonder..."
"Justcall her, silly! Tell her you got caught up at the office..."
It sounded like a perfectly good idea. I'd like to even think that, at least at that one moment, I thought it was a good idea because I still needed to get one more tape. Truth is, despite my sudden alert nature, my dick hadn't forgotten about this gorgeous girl in front of me. Even so, I tried to get some control over the situation.
"If I call her... You'll- you'll give it to me right?"
Her face broke into an open-mouthed smile. "Oh I'llgive it to you..."
I closed my eyes in frustration. "The... the tape..."
"Of course... I wouldn't lie to you..."
I dug my cell out of my pocket, opening my eyes to dial. For some reason I thought if I focused completely on the phone, maybe Alyssa would give me some space. She didn't. I knew her hot body was standing right at the periphery of my vision, calling my eyes to soak it up. I dialed my girlfriend's number.
"You can tellKristen I said hi..." she whispered as I brought the phone to my ear. I gave her a distraught look, as if to say, shut the fuck up! But it wasn't much use. Her coy smile was impervious to my distress, and my eyes dropped down to scan her naked tits anyway.
Kristen picked up the phone. "Hey... I'm uh- I'm being held up at work today..."
"Aw, what for? They never keep you..." she inquired.
"I know but... the uh, network exploded and we we're two hours behind on a deadline and..." My mind was wandering, trying to think up something plausible that she wouldn't ask questions about.
Alyssa was stretching her arms above her head and clasping her hands; swaying her body around in a little dance as she stretched and showed off her curves. I shut my eyes to tried and ignore her. The next thing I knew, I felt her breath on my neck. She had leaned right up next to me, one hand on the chair, another on my throbbing hard-on, and gave me a slow, sultry kiss on the neck.
My voice cracked at the sudden touch and my eyes blasted open to see her practically climbing onto me. I can't remember what Kristen was saying, but she started sympathizing with me and telling me some story about how her day sucked too. I feebly tried to push Alyssa away, all the while biting my tongue, but the more I tried, the more she rubbed a hand against my cock. I tried shifting my weight, but it only made me gasp in pleasure.
"Are you okay?" Kristen paused in her story.
"Uh- yeah. Sorry I'm just- I'm carrying a big box of- of shit right now..."
She seemed to accept the excuse. Alyssa hung her mouth open in fake-shock, and wagged her finger at me. She then moved it to her lips and gave me a silentshh... The gesture was unnerving, but at the same time it just made me really hot. I don't know why; maybe because she was being such a naughty tease about it all. But then she took it to another level.
She slid her body down again, this time bringing her lips to my cell-free ear. So,so quietly, she whispers, "Keep quiet, or I might pout... Wouldn't want her to hear me..."
The next thing I knew, she was down on her knees, between my legs, working on my slacks. I was petrified. Maybe I could have just gotten out of the damn chair. Who knows? I was afraid if I did something, Alyssa would make a noise and I'd be caught. Fuck it; I think it's obvious I was pretty far gone at that point anyway.
Kristen had wrapped up her story and was asking me how much longer I thought I'd be. I was actually dizzy from the stimulation at this point. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement or nerves. I don't know how Alyssa did it, but my dick had sprung free of my slacks and boxers without much effort. Had I lifted my hips up to help her pull my pants down some? I can't remember. It was probably instinct.
"Um, I don't know... Not- not too much longer I- oh..." I trailed off for a second, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I watched Alyssa's greedy, conquering smile as she eyed my exposed cock. Her fingers had tentatively wrapped around the base of it, which sent jolts of pleasure into my stomach. But then she leaned in and wrapped her mouth around the tip. Oh god, that hot young tongue swirled around me...
I grimaced, doing my best to keep quiet.
"Are you there...?" my girlfriend piped up.
Man, I don't know what I felt at the time. Maybe it was guilt. Maybe it was a rush of doing something so unforgivably wicked. "Sorry... Someone was uh, waving me down. I think I... I..."
Alyssa was slowly jacking the base of my erection as she attentively licked and sucked the rest of me; her hot little ass swaying as she worked, her eyes looking up at me and batting innocently.
"I can uh, blow off some of this and... come soon." Honestly. I wasn't trying to make it sound likethat.
Alyssa dragged her mouth off of me for a moment and gave me an astonished look, then silently mouthed,you bad boy! Then she licked under her teeth and started sucking me again.
Kristen finally let the conversation end and said goodbye. I clicked the phone off and literally dropped it to the floor, letting out a huge groan. "Oh fuck!"
Alyssa took me out of her mouth and kept jacking me as she licked the sides of my hard-on. Between running her tongue along me, she would murmur, "Mm, what's wrong baby?"
"Shit I- I can't believe this is...oh..." I moaned.
"Don't you like it?"
"God this is... this is so wrong..." I think I was talking to myself.
She stopped pumping me with her hands. "Tell me you like it..."
I was on the edge. Really, the only reason I hadn't blown my load yet was because I was concentrating on the phone. Alyssa's sudden decrease in stimulation drove my desire through the roof.
"What? I- come on!"
She placed her nails on the inside of my thighs and lightly raked down them, giving me a mischievous smirk. "Just be honest...tell me..."
"Fuck... ah- yes! Okay, I like it, okay..."
She gave a happy moan and brought her hands back to my cock. Leaning her lips back to it, she purred, "Tell me you need it..."
I admit it. I was desperate. She had me right where she wanted me. "I- I need it... please..."
She knew how to please. She took even more of me in than when she was teasing me before. Her palm was still wrapped around the base of it, squeezing and tugging just right as her hot breath covered the rest of me. It didn't take very long before I felt myself rising up and losing control. "Oh god, I'm- I'm going to..."
My whole body was tingling as I felt the wave rush through my body and between my legs. A huge burst came out of me as my climax started, and it shot into her mouth. I was shocked that she kept on me and tried to swallow it down. I was so fucking worked up though; I came more than she could handle and she had to pull off, catching the rest in her hands.
As my orgasm subsided, my head went limp against the back of the chair. I sighed hard, trying to catch my breath in that empty-headed state a man experiences after a hard come. After a few moments, my trance was broken by Alyssa.
"God that was...mm... So hot! I've been fantasizing about that for... ah, weeks..."
I watched her as she stood back up, smiling sweetly at me. I could still admire how awesome her body was, even though I was completely spent right then. Shortly thereafter, thoughts started slowly swimming back into my head, and I realized what had happened. A flood of guilt rose up in me and I quickly got up from the chair, re-fastening my pants.
"Oh man... Alyssa that was- I mean- that can't... I... It was a mista-..." I was rambling.
She didn't care. She walked over to a dresser and pulled a tape out from a drawer, holding it up, as if mocking me. "Hmm, was it worth it?"
I stepped closer to her and reached for it. She made no move to keep it away from me. As it dropped into my hand, she smiled, "Now you know what you're missing..."
I closed my hand around the tape and stood there for a moment, feeling completely dumbfounded. She ran her palms down her stomach, and I realized there was still some of my cum on her. Her lips pursed a little and she mused, "I'm alldirty..."
I took a step back as she moved toward me, but she just brushed her body against mine and passed right by, heading for the bedroom door. She opened it and looked back. "I'm going to take a shower... Feel free to join me..." With a little wink, she flipped back around and went into a side room in the hallway. I heard her turn the shower water on.
I stood there for another minute, wondering how in the fuck I had ended up in this situation. The shower water was still running, and I realized that by now she was in it. Did she really think I was going to join her? I quietly walked out of her room and paused briefly in front of the bathroom door. In spite of myself, I peeked in. I saw the panties that she had still worn the whole time on the floor. Her silhouette was blurred by the shower door. I could tell that she was running the water through her hair, stretching arms back and sticking out her chest. I admired the sight for a moment, then quickly moved on.
I quietly exited the apartment, got in my car, and pulled away. It wasn't until I was maybe half-way back to my place that I started registering thoughts again. Okay. I got all of the tapes. Good. Would she leave me alone now? Yeah right, she'll probably be encouraged now. Fuck, what have I done?
At some point it dawned on me that if she was clever enough to tape me on the phone, that she could just as easily have somehow recorded me in her bedroom... God, that would be a mess. What a fucking bitch! Who does she think she is, showing off that hot little body, blackmailing me all the while? I'm only a man for fuck's sake. Jesus... She made me come so hard. I can't believe I let her do that. Fuck.
I pulled up to my own apartment and turned off my car. I put my hands on my lap and closed my eyes. I was already hard again.

V

I was a mess for the next week or so. Constant anxiety and paranoia haunted me. Did Alyssa have any other tricks up her sleeve? Did she record me drooling over her striptease, then letting her suck me off while I lied to my girlfriend on the phone? Was she going to call me up and blackmail me again? What would she demand of me now?
It was so twisted. I never dreamed that I'd be manipulated by some hot woman in such a way. I couldn't decide what was worse: the guilt of going through with it, or the fact that it turned me on so much. It only made it that much naughtier that the girl who was playing me so bad wasyounger than me. I felt like such an idiot for letting her get away with anything, but man, it turned me on so goddamn much. Maybe because it was forbidden. Maybe because it was bad. Maybe because she was just too fucking hot. Whatever.
I felt like an asshole too because for all my shame, I could not, for the life of me, get her out of my head. How many times did I jack off recollecting her little striptease? Jesus, I was obsessing over her body. I was desperate even in my fantasies to run my hands along her skin and just fuckingtake her. I mean, shit, I know she wanted it. What I'd do to give in! Well... give in evenmore than I already had. Man, to get into those little panties...
The truth is, yeah, part of mewanted her to call me out again. I wanted that little bitch to push me further, make me give in. It was so goddamnwrong. Well, at least I thought that way in my horniest moments. Whenever I was thinking clearly, I was terrified of her and what she was doing to me.
Anyway. Whether I really wanted it or not, it came.
As I mentioned before, I typically get home before Kristen. It was the next Friday. Alyssa hadn't harassed me and, once again, I thought maybe she had gotten her fill of me. I had left work a little early and went straight home. I put the key in my door and swung it open.
What the fuck.
There she was, standing with her back against the opposite wall, looking right at me. Alyssa. I noticed right away that she was wearing a tiny skirt. It wasn't tight; it was the kind that would show her off to the world if the wind blew in the right way. In my complete bewilderment, I already caught myself lusting over her legs and thinking about that pussy that I had yet to see.Get a hold of yourself! What is she doing here? Get her the fuck out!
"Finally!" she chirped, smiling cutely and bending her knees a little at me.
I reeled my head. "What the- how the fuck did you get..." It didn't occur to me how she knew where I lived. All I cared about was getting her the hell away before Kristen got home. And, well... trying not to gawk at her sexy body...
She gave me a sarcastic look. "Don't pretend like you're not happy to see me..."
I balked, my eyes shooting all around, seeing if she had broken a window or something. Everything looked normal. "You- uh- get out!"
Her jaw dropped open as if she was appalled. "I wasmuch more gracious when you came over tomy place!"
I was pissed. I walked right up to her and grabbed her by the hips. If she wouldn't walk out, I would throw her ass out. But the second I grabbed her, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck. "Ooh! You wanna be aggressive?" she purred.
I tried to spin her around so I could push her out the door. Her body melted into mine, tangling her legs around me. Having her so close to me was exhilarating. As mad as I was, I had been hurting to be next to that body like a starving man. I started to grow hard despite my emotions.
"We're not doing this," I growled.
"What? We're not doing anything!" she pouted.
"Whatever you have planned!" I kept moving her toward the still-open door, but she snaked one of her arms behind her and closed it shut. The momentum of our movement caused us to crash into it, me pushing my body into hers against the door. It was so compromising. I didn't pull back right away. She held my eyes with a sultry stare, then moved forward to try and kiss me.
In my mind, I saw me leaning in and running my tongue in her mouth. But I managed to jerk my head back and stop her. She murmured a little pout. I grabbed the door handle and started to pull it open, even though she was still leaning against it and trying to keep it closed.
"Why do you keep fighting it?" she whispered as we struggled.
Because I have to! "Why won't you leave me alone?" I grunted.
I got the door open. She resisted the best she could but I was just stronger. Then her tone changed; she sounded desperate. "Wait! I have something you- you'll want to see!"
Oh shit, here it comes. I paused for a moment. "What is it now?" I practically growled.
"Let me get my purse! It's on your- your counter."
I let go of her and she effortlessly slid out of my grasp and passed by me into the kitchen. Now I was panicking. This had to be the new tape that I feared...
Shutting the door, I followed her back to the kitchen. She was standing by her purse, but something was different now. Her confident smile crept back into her lips. My heart started to sink. She just waited me out for a few seconds.
"Well?" I blurted out.
She ran her hands down to the hem of that little skirt and started pulling it up, inch at a time. I gawked in confusion as she revealed more thigh, more smooth skin, and then... oh fuck... she wasn't wearing anything under there...
I gazed like an idiot. She ran one of her fingers along her slit and brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it. My cock was screaming for attention now. This goddamn girl...
"Mm... Looks like you like it..." she chirped.
That snapped me out of my trance. "Uh- is... is that it?"
"It? I know this is what you wanted to see..."
I almost laughed from relief. I probably would have if I wasn't so confused, scared, and downright turned on. I took a step toward her, resolve showing again on my face. She dropped her skirt back down and dug into her purse before I got to her.
My stomach flipped over, fearing the worst again. I was completely stunned when she pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"I was afraid you might be difficult again," she said, almost condescendingly. The handcuffs dangled in one of her hands as she walked toward me.
"Uh you- we're not using- um..." My will was faltering. I should have just grabbed her ass and tossed her out; no more fucking around. But every second she stood there in front of me, my darker self was trying to claw its way out. Suddenly I had images of being cuffed to my bedpost; her tight body riding me against my will, making me come so hard...
But the image of my own bed reminded me of Kristen. What time was it? I probably had twenty minutes to... No,get her the fuck out of here!
I thought she was going to push her body into mine again, but at the last second, she slid past me. I gritted my teeth as her hip pushed against my obvious erection. She moved into the living room and put her back against a large support column that bordered the kitchen. If I had known her intention, I would have done something right then.
With her body pressed up against it, she wrapped her arms behind her, around the pillar. At first, I just thought she was posing for me again, her tits pressing out against the fabric of her shirt as her arms stretched behind her. Then I heard a click.Oh shit. Then I heard another one. She bit her lower lip and looked triumphantly at me.
She had handcuffed herself to the column.
"What... What the fuck are you doing!?" I think I sounded more amazed than pissed.
"Fair is fair!" she sang, smiling at me.
I shook my head, "What are you talking about?"
"Well... The way I see it;I made you come. Now it'syour turn!" She was shifting her weight around the column. It was obvious she wasn't kidding around; she was attached to it. Half of me was dumbfounded, thinking I was completely hosed once Kristen got home. The other half of me? Well, it saw a hot, seductive girl with a slutty little skirt tied up in front of me...
"You- uh- you... You gotta be... shitting me..."
With a sly grin, lips pursed shut, she slowly shook her head no.
My voice quavered. "Alyssa... I- My girlfriend will..."
"I already hid the key," she interjected. "Before you got home. You'll never find it. But... I'll tell you where it is once we're...even..."
I briefly scanned my surroundings and realized if she was telling the truth, she was right. There was no way I could find it. Not before Kristen got home. Did I have anything that could cut through the metal? No...God, what the fuck. My mind was completely fogged.
I at least rifled through her purse. It was small and had barely anything in it. There was no key. While I searched, I heard her cooing, "You're wasting your time..."
My senses were completely jumbled. I had entered the surreal. Moving to stand in front of her, I just looked on incredulously. She was just... so fuckin' fine. Her arms cuffed behind her. Her chest sticking out. Those legs... in that skirt... The look on her face was one of complete satisfaction and anticipation at the same time. She looked so helpless but... fuck, she was completely in control.
I was hard. Like,achinghard. Everything was so wrong but... Wow. My eyes dropped to her skirt and I thought about that naked pussy underneath. Was I actually going to do this? I pictured pulling my cock out, walking up to her, and just picking her up. Let her wrap her legs around me as I just rode her... She wouldn't be able to stop me. I could do whatever I wanted to her. I can't believe I'm thinking about fucking her... I need to get the key...
"Mm- Don't keep me waiting... Or do you like seeing me all tied up for you?"
"I can't believe this..." I mumbled to myself. I moved my hands to my belt and started to unfasten it.
Her eyes widened in delight. "Ooh!"
Closing my eyes in disbelief, I let my pants drop to the floor. Kicking them off, I moved close to her.
"Hmm... This isn't quite fair..." she mused.
I was right in front of her now, feeling animalistic. My hard-on was throbbing in front of her. I was inches from being underneath that skirt.
"I had to go down on myknees for you... I think you should... return the favor..." she smiled.
You've got to be kidding me. "Uh... W-what?" I croaked.
"Get me off like I got you off..." She gave me an open-mouthed smile and ran her tongue across the top of her teeth.
"You can't... be s-serious..."
She nodded coyly. "Or can you not help yourself? Are you going to... rape me? Do you want to take advantage of my cuffed little body?"
Fuck yes I do! I gritted my teeth at her comment, my body needing to be in hers.
"But... is it really rape if I want it? I can...pretend that I don't... that you're takingadvantage of me... Would that turn you on? I mean... that seems to beyour role; pretending you don't want it..."
I grabbed onto her legs and pushed her skirt up, taking a step closer. Everything she was saying... She was toying with me but, man, she knew how to make me hot. I slid my cock between her legs and it ran along the slit of her pussy. She made a slight sigh.
"You can fuck me... But I'm not telling you where the key is until I come off your tongue..." she whispered.
My breaths were shallow now. "You bitch," I cursed under my breath.
"Give me what I gave you... Unless youwant Kristen to see the kinky games you play with me..."
The mention of my girlfriend made my face turn red hot. I stole a glance at the clock and realized I was running out of time. Reluctantly, I sank down to my knees in front of her. Without any ceremony, I ran my hands up her thighs and pushed her skirt up, revealing her pussy to me once again. I leaned into her; she was already completely aroused.
I held my mouth in front of her glistening slit for a moment and just blew lightly on it. She moaned quietly and thrust her hips out to meet my face. That was it for me. I wrapped my hands around to her ass and pulled her into my mouth, running my tongue along her waiting sex. I was rewarded with a gasp. She was already so wet.
Abandoning all pretenses, I just dove into her. I did everything I could to give her pleasure. Honestly, I don't think I was doing it to get her to tell me where the key was. I genuinely was desperate to make this girl come. I didn't care about the humiliation of being on my knees, dick hanging out and crying for attention. All I cared about were her sexy moans and her delicious pussy.
"Oh... ah- you... you animal... fuck... suck me! Yeah- lick me!"
I followed her every command. Whenever she jerked or moved her hips in one direction, I did my best to focus my attention wherever she guided me with her body.
"Y-yeah...God! Oh- you're so- so good!Ah! Eat me you-mm- bastard... I've waited-oh! So long!"
She had one leg draped over my shoulder now. Her hips were bucking against my face. I felt her thighs trembling as she strained all her muscles. She was close. I didn't let up; I was going to make this little bitch come. My fingers dug into her skin as I pushed her into my face even deeper. Her dirty talk was reduced to incoherent sounds of pouts and moans.
Then it happened. Her voice cracked and suddenly she was quiet. Her entire body tensed up except for her hips, which she jerked up and down on my tongue in fast little thrusts. I tried my best to keep up with her, but I got lost in her pussy as it swelled with her juices as she came. I felt like I was practically drinking her.
Even as she calmed down, she kept wiggling on my tongue lazily, trying to squeeze out every last bit of her climax. Finally she exhaled loudly, "Fuck yeah..."
I pulled off of her and she relaxed her body. Wiping the wetness off of my mouth, I stood up wobbly and glared at her. Her face was flushed red and she was panting; a tired smile of total contentedness. My cock was standing at full attention, pre-cum dripping from my frantic lust.
She rolled her head at me and sighed, "It's in the pillowcase on the couch..."
Oh yeah... I was embarrassed; realizing all I was thinking about was how I could get off right then. I went to the couch and unzipped the first pillow; the key was right there. I snatched it out and immediately unlocked her cuffs. I admit I was half-way tempted to leave her there and take out my frustrations on her...
She pulled her free arms in front of her and rubbed her wrists a little. "So I guess we're even! I better leave. You know... so I'm not late for work." She was so nonchalant.
Her body turned from me and I watched her slink into the kitchen to grab her purse. She wiggled her ass at me. I saw that sexy behind shake beneath that skirt and felt my blood boil up in me. Then something inside me just...snapped.
She was facing the counter, putting the handcuffs back in her purse. I moved behind her and slid my still-hard dick under her skirt. A little "Oh..." escaped her lips. I didn't care what it meant. I pushed into her further and she spread her legs a little, pushing her ass out.
"I thought you wanted me to leave..." she said brashly.
I grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and found her wet pussy with the other. Then I callously thrust myself inside her. She let out a gasp and gripped the countertop.
"You fucking bitch," I hissed.
"Ah! I'm- I'm not making you- you..."
"You home-wrecking little-uh-slut!" She was still totally lubricated and I pumped in and out of her with ease.
"Mm... Ah! You-uh- you like it..." she panted.
"I fucking- ah- hate you!" It wasn't going to be long. I had been on the edge since I got down on my knees.
"Then why can't-uh! Can't you- you help yourself?" she gasped as I rode her. "You want me-oh- to be your- your slut? I'll be-ah! I'll be whatever you want..."
"I want-ugh-I want you outta my- my fucking life!"
"Ah! Yeah- you can't-mmph-can't even stay out of my- ah- my pussy!"
I was pushing myself as far into her as I could go, holding it a little each time I was buried in her up to the hilt of my dick. I was a man possessed.
"You- you need it...Ah! You need to come bad, don't you baby?" she grunted. "If you can- can stop yourself...Oh...I'll- I'll leave you alone..."
My mind was reeling.
"But-uh- if you come... If you unload in my little-ah- pussy...Mm-then you know-know you can't resist me..."
I slowed down my thrusts.Just pull out of her, idiot. Now is your chance! I couldn't quite will my body to stop.
"Yeah- just try and give up...Ah! I'll be whatever you want,oh- your little slut-on-the-side! Oh! You want that?"
Shut up! It was too much. She was so fucking bad. I felt myself hitting the point of no return.
"Ah! Fuck me! Fuck this naughty little pussy that-oh- that you thought you- you couldn't have... Give- ah-give in!"
That was it. My mind went blank as my climax took over. I started pumping streams of cum into her; filling her up. She pushed her ass into my pelvis as hard as she could, grinding a little to make me come even more. I had one hand on her hip, another on her shoulder, pulling her into me at the same time. I don't know if she said anything else while I was coming; I was lost in the feeling.

VI

What happened next was a blur. I remember her conquering, giddy smile. I tried to rush her out the door as fast as I could, but she was determined to be casual about it. She was completely cocky.
"You loved that, didn't you?" she insisted. "How long until you're going to be thinking about it again?"
I told her that she had to leave. I don't think I was forceful anymore; just pleading.
"I love that you can't resist me...Mm- Now I know you're mine. The question is: will you keep trying to resist?"
I opened the door and grabbed her arm to lead her through. On her way out, she smiled, "I'll be thinking about you..." She hopped out in front of me and bent over slightly, letting her skirt ride up her ass. With a quick swat, she spanked herself in front of me, "I look forward to you...punishing me for today. I know how much youhate me..."
I slammed the door, ashamed that I was already getting hard again. I desperately flew around the house, spraying air freshener, brushing my teeth, throwing on a different pair of clothes. Kristen came home shortly thereafter.
She gave me a piteous look. "You look like a mess!"
"Long day at work," I lied.
"I'll tell you what. Let me unwind a little and then we'll go out for burgers. My treat!"
"Uh- that's not necessary. I'm pretty- pretty tired."
"No way! You've been stressed lately. It'll be fun. Good food and, hey, if you're lucky, we'll see that cute waitress you like!" she gave me a wink.
I forced a weak grin.
About an hour later, we pulled up to the restaurant. The entire ride I was on nerves. I tried to talk her out of going but I gave up, fearing that I was sounding paranoid or suspicious. I remembered Alyssa had mentioned that she was working tonight. Hope, hope, hope she was joking.
We took a free parking space and waited about a minute until a waitress came. She had a smile from ear to ear. I rolled down the window and Alyssa skipped up. "Hi, how are you guys?" She gave me a knowing look. "Back for more, huh?" she smirked.

***

As always, I hope you enjoyed the story. If you have any comments or feedback, I would love to hear it. Thanks for reading.
Do not reprint this work on any other website, or any medium, without express consent of the author (me!).
Synopsis: A reluctance story about a guy in a relationship that finds himself the object of desire for a young, sexy waitress. She comes on to him aggressively and ultimately uses blackmail and seduction to try and force him to give in to her.

I

So I went to this burger joint probably about once every other weekend. It was one of those quasi-retro establishments: you pulled up in your car, ordered out your window, and ate right there. The place seemed to go out of its way to hire only waitresses, although the occasional unlucky sop might have gotten a male once in awhile. Not all the girls were cute, but most of them were. One in particular, Alyssa, she was right up my alley.
They all wore something resembling a uniform; mostly it was just the same color scheme. Alyssa though, she always wore nice tight, little clothes that did a great job of making the guys want to tip her more. Tonight? She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts, maybe the shortest I've seen on her. Probably because it's summer, you know? She has a tee-shirt on that doesn't expose much skin, but at least it's tight upstairs where it counts. Something I haven't seen before: she's wearing these long striped socks. It really puts the accent on her legs and makes her look fantastic. She's innocent, she's sultry; she knows it.
I always make it a point to park in the area that she's serving. I'm sure by now she recognizes me because I'm always all smiles whenever I see her. Not that I'm trying to get with her or anything. Honestly! I'm in a great relationship with my girl, Kristen. In fact, we both come here together. Kristen knows I think this waitress is cute. She doesn't really care because it's all in good fun. We're the kind of couple that can say, yes she is hot, or yes, I bet you'd hit that, honey. Nothing ever comes of it; no big deal.
Alyssa is not really my type anyway. Sure, I think she's fine. So what? She's probably barely in college. Nineteen, maybe twenty years old? I don't really know; I'm a terrible judge of age. Don't get me wrong, I have by no means accomplished any great age myself; college wasn'tthat long ago, but still.
The point is: any normal person likes to look. And tonight, I was having a great time looking. Back and forth she went, waiting on this car, bringing that tray back. Each time she passed by, I longingly (even if I tried to make itlook casually) admired her. Especially her legs tonight.Damn, those socks. I'd like to think she was showing off for me; swaying her pert little ass a little more than necessary. Someone parked across from me was paying out their bill to her. She was digging out some change and justhappened to drop some. Did she curtsey down like a lady, bend her knees, and pick it up modestly? Happily no. Her legs, straight as arrows, did not move as she reached down, displaying a perfect bend-over view of her ass to me.
Completely losing my cool, I found myself staring at her ass and exposed thighs as she leaned back up and handed over the change to the customer. My cock actually stirred in my pants! My reverie was broken by a light punch on the arm from Kristen. I shook my head over and looked at her. She was giving me an incredulous look, like,don't stare TOO hard. Now, we may be an open-minded couple, but everyone has limits, you know? Despite myself, I had an enormous fucking grin on my face. One that says:guilty as charged. I tried to play it down with some flattery.
"Maybe you should work here. A couple moves like that and I guarantee you'll get more tips than she does!"
She rolled her eyes at me but I was pretty sure I was off the hook. At least, of course, if I toned down the gawking a notch.
We sat in the car for awhile, enjoying our food pretty slowly. This place was nice for us because it gave us the chance to people watch in-between conversation without the hassle and noise of a "real" restaurant. It was a nice treat after a hard week's work and, hey, let's face it. The fries were good.
As the food was winding down, I decided I may as well take a leak before the drive home. The restroom was on the other side of the restaurant so I had to take the walk of exhibition across all the cars. I tried to look casual; knowing every windshield I passed had at least one pair of eyes watching me go by. I know it's nothing but, it's just one of those situations everybody notices once they're in it. So, doing my best to just stare straight ahead, I realized Alyssa was coming down the aisle the opposite direction.
Still feeling slightly paranoid about Kristen getting upset, I felt a little embarrassed to look right at her, so I kept my eyes down at the ground. As we approached each other, my eyes were trained on her feet and calves, and I was again admiring the look of her in those socks.Cute but sexy.
"Watch your step," I heard her innocently joke. My head instinctively shot up and I met her gaze. She was a bit shorter than me, but she had this confident smirk on her face that suffered no doubt of self-assurance. I broke into a silly grin and let out a chuckle. "Wouldn't want my favorite customer to trip and hurt himself!" she sang as she walked on by me.
Yeah, I bet she says that to all the guys. Big deal. I blushed stupidly just the same at the attention of a pretty girl and walked the rest of the way to the bathroom with a dumb smile on my face, trying my best to mask it for whatever reason.
So I get to the restroom. It's an older place, and facilities consisted of one room for the ladies, one for the men. Spacious! I do my business, and as I'm washing my hands, I have to admit I was daydreaming about Alyssa a bit. Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed and chuckled. Get a hold of yourself.
I moved to unlock the door and leave, but as I opened it I noticed a body patiently waiting right outside. Startled, I jumped a little once I realized who it was. Her back was to me, but as she heard the door open, Alyssa turned to face me with a guilty little smile. Before I knew what was happening, she darted into the room, sliding her body through the partly-ajar doorway. I took a step back in bewilderment. Once she was in, she shut the door behind her with her foot and leaned back against it.
She was holding her hands behind her back and had this look of total mischief on her face, like she just got away with something. Her head was turned to the side, as if listening through the door to make sure no one had caught her; then she looked at me. She was chewing her lower lip slightly, with this intent look in her eyes. Hands still clasped behind her, she made an effort to stick her chest out a bit, pushing her breasts against her shirt even more.
I was stunned. Honestly, my first thought was maybe she had pulled a prank on another waitress and she was hiding or something. As my eyes roamed her body, my body tingled with a little nervous energy.God, she is hot. As I stared back down to her gorgeous toned legs, the image of her bending over in front of me flashed behind my eyes. I felt myself starting to get hard, but at the same time, I remembered Kristen. Then I really started feeling awkward.
This, of course, all happened in an instant.
"Uh... Hi?" I blurted out.
Her face flushed into a shy smile. "Hi."
I furrowed my brow a little and grinned back, "I think you came in the wrong door."
She shook her head. "I think you know I didn't."
I felt a huge lump form in my throat. Suddenly the room felt very small. Her legs were pressed together and she was shifting her weight, rubbing her knees against one another. I didn't even realize I was staring at her legs again and shot my eyes back up to her face. I could tell by her expression that she knew I was checking her out. A small wave of guilt rushed through me, but I was still excited.
"I was wondering when we'd finally get some alone time..." she coyly mused.
My heartbeat began to race. Is she coming on to me? This kind of thing doesn't happen.
"Um, I... uh, what?" I stammered.
She pulled her hands out from behind her and stretched them out to the sides, almost nonchalantly. "Oh come on, I see the way you look at me every time you come here..."
My face turned red and I tried to bite my tongue to hold back a guilty smile. She pulled her arms above her head, stretching them up high now. It had the effect of pulling the bottom of her shirt up to expose a good portion of her tummy. The sight of her skin forced me to swallow hard and, despite myself, my eyes were drawn down to her body again.
She let her arms fall back down and her stomach was covered back up by her shirt. With one last glance at her hips and those little shorts showing off her thighs, I snapped my gaze back up.
"You don't have to worry, your girlfriend isn't here to stop you from looking now..." Her voice was soft, encouraging, but a little condescending. She toyed her fingers on the hem of her shorts, traced the skin of her legs delicately and pulled up the cloth ever-so-slightly. "What is it you like best?" she inquired innocently.
Now, I was pretty nervous at this point. This smoking-hot girl was flirting with me. I didn't know how or why it was happening. For whatever reason, maybe nerves, maybe something else, I tried to diffuse the situation by...flirting back. "Well uh, I like the socks," I smiled, trying to sound light-hearted.
"Oh?" she piqued up, enthused. She started walking forward toward me. I instinctively took a couple steps back, but the room wasn't that big and I was already backed against the sink. "What about them do you like?"
She was right next to me now. My mouth felt dry as I started to wonder where this was going. She put one of her feet up on the toilet seat and ran her hand along the length of her raised leg. "Well?" she insisted.
"Um, I dunno, they're uh..." I dragged my eyes across the length of her leg, now so close to me. She kept tracing her fingers casually along her skin, which looked so soft and perfectly smooth. I could see even more of her thigh as her shorts rode up a bit from the position she was standing in. "They're uh, cute I guess..."
"Mmm," she hummed. "I think so too. But are they only cute?" Somehow her question beckoned me to look straight at her. Her eyes were piercing as she added, "Or are they sexy too?"
I scoffed out a little laugh at her audacity. Still trying to play it cool, I agreed, "Yeah, that too."
"I'm glad you think so. I wore them for you... You always come on a Friday..."
My heart was thumping in my chest and I was suddenly aware of my growing erection. I looked over at the door and realized that I really needed to get out of there. No man takes this long to piss, you know? But as if realizing my growing anxiety, she grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her propped-up leg.
I took a sharp intake of breath and glared at her. "W-what are you...?"
Despite my reluctance, my hand had a mind of its own. I didn't pull away; I gingerly caressed her perfect leg. Her eyes fluttered a little bit and she let out a little sigh as I touched her. My hard-on grew.
"I uh, I need to- to go now..."
"Shh," she smiled at me. She leaned her head in closer. Part of me tried to shy away, but there was no more room to back up. For a brief second I thought she was going to try and kiss me, but at the last moment she moved her lips right to my ear, and ever so softly whispered, "She doesn't have to know..."
My mind was torn. Half of me was screaming,Please, let me get the fuck out of here... The other half was shouting,Please, let her fuck me now...
I was massaging the underside of her thigh, subconsciously inching my way up closer to her ass. For her part, she was gently thrusting her hips forward, giving me a better chance to do so. I shut my eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get control of myself. Just as I felt some resolve coming back to me, there was then a pressure pushing against my raging-hard cock.
I grunted, "Christ!" as my eyes flew open and looked down to see her hand begin to massage my hard-on through my pants.
"Mmm, you know better," she purred, "It'sAlyssa."
"A-Alyssa, I- I can't do this. I, uh, I have a girlfriend!" I finally managed to take my hand off her leg. I used my other hand to grab her wrist and pull her off my package. She mewed a little pout.
"Don't you want it?"
I put my hands on her hips to push her back, but being afraid to grip her too hard, she slithered her body down a little bit and made my hands glide up under the sides of her shirt. I found myself cupping those sexy curves where a girl's stomach turns inward, scrunching her shirt up to show off her belly again.
For a brief second I faltered, my lust for her body getting the better of my senses. She noticed and slid her body right up to mine. My hands ran along the length of her sides and up onto her back. She pushed her waist into mine, forcing more pressure on my throbbing dick. Her hands found their way to my ass and she grabbed on, pulling me into her even more. I heard the sweet sound of a girl's anticipating moan creep out of her lips.
I knew this was bad; that I shouldn't want it. But the incredible feeling of this sexy young body eagerly pushing against me was enough to make any man second-guess his morals. My cock was stimulated enough now that any sensation rubbing through my pants caused my body to tremble. She felt this and rubbed her hips against me in tiny little thrusts to tease pleasure out of me. Despite my best intentions, I felt myself push back into her.
Rational thought was almost completely gone as I continued to hold her, my hands still resting on her back. She angled her head down and I felt her hot breath along my neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of her hair, briefly intoxicating me, and then let out a quiet groan as I felt her warm tongue run up the base of my neck and end with a slow kiss to my jaw.
Some desperate part of me tried to make another effort to halt things. "Don't... Stop..."Obviously my subconscious would have no part in it.
She pulled her head back and stared right into my eyes, a victorious and anticipating gleam shining on her face. "Don't worry," her lips curled up, "I won't..."
Her back arched away from me a little bit and she slid her hands from my ass around to the front of my jeans. Her fingers began to deftly work my belt. There was no hiding the obvious tent I was pitching, and admittedly I was dying to let it be free. My hands had run down to the small of her back due to her changed position. I gawked, seemingly helplessly, as her hands worked my belt undone and went for my fly. Because she was still leaning back, her shirt kept riding up, exposing her exquisite stomach. Her little shorts were pulled down just a fraction, but I could still see more of her lower abdomen than ever before. They were so low, so tantalizingly close to exposing so much more...
I didn't even realize during my lustful gaping that one of my hands had found its way to her ass, gently squeezing her pert, tight backside. The button on my jeans was undone now. She pushed one of her hands up onto my stomach under my shirt, almost completely exposing my pelvic region. I'm ticklish there, and normally I probably would have laughed at the touch, but now it only shot jolts of pleasure between my legs.
My zipper was down. Her other hand grabbed the waist of both my jeans and boxers in the front, and then slowly started to pull them down. Both of us were watching my cock, waiting for it to spring out. I'm not sure which one of us wanted it to happen more. Everything was such a rush; thoughts barely even had time to form in my mind before instinctual lust overwhelmed them.
My pubic hair was being revealed, then the very base of my hard-on. It was pointing down, and the feeling of my clothes rubbing against it as they were pushed along was electrifying. I shut my eyes, experiencing the feeling of passing the point of no return. It was that sensation of when you hesitate at an amber light when driving, then at the last minute, when you damn well know it's too late to even think about making it, you floor it just as it turns red.
Then we heard the door.
Someone was tentatively opening it from the outside. I just about jumped out of my skin, realizing Alyssa hadn't locked it after she snuck in. She stopped tugging at my clothes and, eyes shooting wide open, flipped around and stopped the door from opening more than just a few inches.
My senses came flooding back to me at that moment. I shook my head, jerked my pants back up to my waist, and frantically started putting myself back into order. Alyssa's voice was smiling as she answered whoever was on the other side of the door.
"Oh, sorry! I'm just..." A brief pause... "...cleaning the facilities up. There was an accident." She pulled it off so naturally; her voice was coy and flirtatious, completely covering up any awkwardness she was feeling with the embarrassing excuse. I heard some male voice on the other side apologize quickly and shuffle off. For some reason, I realized part of me feared that it was Kristen who was barging in on us. A wave of relief washed over me.
Alyssa shut the door and spun around. She had this wild glint in her eye, something that indicated she had no intention of stopping. But just then I could see a faint sense of disappointment cloud her face. She realized I was completely dressed again and thinking at leastsomewhat clearly.
"Aww," she pouted, "What are you doing?" She tried to put on the "poor cute girl" face as she jutted her lower lip out. But at the same time, she was sheepishly pulling her shirt up just under her breasts, seemingly innocuously but knowing full-well by now that I loved to see the long stretch of her stomach. For a moment I thought I might be getting free of my erection, but I felt myself starting to harden right back up.
"I can't- I can't do this... I mean, I'm uh- flattered but... you know, I just..." I was practically stuttering. I moved closer to her in attempt to get her away from the door. She didn't budge. Instead she backed up against it as much as she could and spread her legs out as if she was going to barricade it with her body. She wore an impish smile as she did it, as if daring me to try and move her.
I was afraid to touch her body for the simple reason that I might lose myself in lust again. Nevertheless I tentatively placed my hands on her waist, making sure to only touch her shorts and not her skin, and tried to pull her to the side of the door. She responded by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling her body into mine, as if leaping into a hug.
I felt her body knowingly push into my cock, which was screaming for attention again, and then heard her murmur in a little girl's voice, "Do you want me to beg...?"
Oh god. I don't know why, but that was so fucking sexy. For a second I actually felt weak in the knees. But I was so close to the door, the urgency of escape still in my mind. "Uh, you don't- um, just- please, I can't..."
I managed to push her off my body, although her hands dropped down and grabbed playfully at the waist of my pants. Completely desperate now and not thinking about how any of this might look, I grabbed the door handle and jerked at it, propping it open. Mercifully, Alyssa finally let go of me.
I didn't even look back to see the expression on her face. As soon as I slipped out the door, I shut it behind me. I took a deep breath and started walking down the long aisle of cars to return to Kristen. My face was beet red; I couldn't help but to think everyone knew I was in there with some waitress. Realizing I still had the remains of an intense hard-on, I stuffed my hands in my pockets to try and mask it.
I finally reached my car and shuffled myself inside. Kristen was looking at me a little dubiously. "Get lost?"
My eyes frantically darted out all vantages of our windows, making sure there was no way she could see the bathroom from where we parked. Once I realized she couldn't, I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Uh, they were cleaning it out when I got there," I chuckled, trying to sound natural.
"Ew," she giggled.She bought it!
For a minute I thought I might be home-free. Then it dawned on me; I hadn't paid for the meal yet. My heart sank. What would Alyssa say? How was she going to react? Kristen was trying to tell me some story, but I could hardly pay attention as my nerves rattled on edge.
At last I saw Alyssa walking down the aisle, coming towards us with a bill in hand. I watched her in a completely different light. Before, I just admired a great-looking girl. Now? All I could see was a sizzling nymph that tried to break me. Fuck me, but it just made her hotter.
She came up to my window andthankfully acted completely natural. I wordlessly handed her my credit card, forcing a smile but pleading with my eyes for her to keep her mouth shut. She briefly left to a register to run the card, then returned with the receipt. She handed it to me with a pen to sign.
As I took it, I swallowed hard as I read the bill. In the line where you normally write in the tip,she had written in: "Think of me tonight," followed by a little heart. I felt my face start to redden and I scribbled my signature as fast I could, handing the receipt back and praying Kristen didn't try to look at it.
She took it with a smile and told us to have a great night. As she said it, she gave me a very subtle wink. Just as I saw it, I felt my cock stir again. I thanked her, started the car, and drove the fuck out of there.

II

That night, Kristen and I fucked. It was pretty damn good, but you know the problem. The whole time, I was thinking of Alyssa. I had been trying to put her out of my mind all evening, but that was just impossible. Images of her body were seared into my eyelids; I saw her every time I so much as blinked.
In bed with Kristen, the lights were off. I closed my eyes anyway. I ran my hands all over her body, but in my mind, it was Alyssa's. I tried to imagine every curve of her that I had seen and felt. Sure, I felt guilty about it. I mean, it wasn't the first time I had ever thought about somebody else; who hasn't? But this was different. This was morereal. What's worse is that I fantasized about myself giving in.
First I pictured us never being interrupted, and that she pulled my dick out and jerked me off until I had to have her. Then I imagined us still being interrupted, but me not getting my senses back. I thought about her hot little body turned away from me as she bullshitted that customer away. What I would've done to just drop my pants and step up to her, pushing her against the door, thrusting myself against that pert ass.
All these images and more were flashing through my mind as I fucked my girlfriend with a passion. When I finally came, I remembered her note on the receipt,think of me, and had a hugely guilty but amazing orgasm.
The next morning while I was in the shower, I couldn't help replaying the events in my mind. It didn't take long before I was extremely horny and had to stroke myself off right there. Kristen opened the bathroom door at some point and asked if I was okay because I was taking so long. I felt embarrassed at my behavior, but I still couldn't stop myself.
Alyssa was a constant fantasy of mine for the next week and a half or so. Nevertheless, I vowed to not let myself go to that restaurant again any time soon if I could help it. While some depraved part of me was desperate to go see her again and find out if she would try to seduce me once more,and man it was tempting, I knew it was a terrible idea. Despite my fantasies, I realized I was lucky to have gotten away with what I did.
At first I tried to rationalize that Alyssa had made all the moves on me. I was the victim! But deep down I had to admit that I liked it; that I wasthis close to giving in. And even though I didn't, I wasn't sure anymore how many times I had fantasized that Idid.
Anyway, I was determined to just squelch it out as a naughty dream and move on with my life.
She had other ideas.
I was at work, busying myself away at my desktop. The little "new mail" icon pops up in the corner of my screen. I click on it.Missed you last weekend. What is this? My first reaction is that it's spam, but almost none of that ever gets through the filters at the job, so I click on it.
Missed you last weekend. I even wore my socks for you again. XOXO.
Oh shit. It was fromher. And there were pictures already displaying in the message body. I don't know if she took them with a digital camera or a webcam or what. But the first was her in the same outfit she wore that one day, short shorts and long socks. She had this really girlish pose with her hands behind her back. I scrolled down. The same thing, but now her hands were stretched up, exposing her tummy.
Scroll. She's facing away from the camera, pulling her shirt up; it's almost completely off. My dick is swelling. Next picture: her shirt if off, she's not wearing a bra, but her back is still to the camera. I can tell one of her arms is draped across her chest to cover her tits; her head is turned so I can see her smiling seductively at me.
My phone rings. I actually jump in my seat it startles me so bad. Without thinking, I delete the email straightaway. My hands are sweating and I feel like my boss is on the other side of the line, and he's about to fire me for downloading teen porn at work. I pick up the phone and it turns out to be nothing, just a co-worker asking some inane question.
After I hung up, I just sat at my desk for a couple minutes, breathing hard. How the hell did she get my email address? Who the hell does she think she is, sending that shit here? How many photos did she attach anyway? What could I have seen if I had kept scrolling...? Why did I have to delete it so fast; maybe I could've saved those pictures...
I tried to get a handle on myself. Attempting to clear my head, I went back to work. For awhile it was a lost cause: my mind obviously racing and, to be honest, in the gutter. Maybe an hour later I had actually managed to get it out of my thoughts when another email came. My heart leapt in my throat.
Hi Sexy, did you get my pictures? I skimmed over the message; there were no images this time (both to my relief and... utter disappointment). The message didn't say much. Some,I've been thinking of you and shit. Really she just wanted me to reply to her. At the end of it she put her phone number. I scribbled it down and deleted the email.
As excited as I was, I got to admit I was freaking out about this happening at work. Photo attachments, and now message bodies with suggestive language in it. If anybody happened to be running profanity filters or email surveillance on the employees, I could be in deep shit. Maybe I was being paranoid. Hell, I know I was. But forgive me if I'm not used to it.
I decided I would call her and firmly let her know that nothing was going to happen between us. I felt particularly emboldened by the fact that it would be over the phone and she wouldn't be able to use her wiles to try and charm me in person.
Wanting some privacy, I went outside to the parking lot and called her on my cell.
"Hello?" a girl answered.
"Hi, is this uh, Alyssa?" Great, I realized I felt like a nervous kid.
"Oh, you called!" I heard her chirp happily.
"Yeah, uh, look... You need to, um, you can't send me emails..."
"Why not?"
"What? I mean, how did you even get a hold of it..."
"I just googled your name," she said it so matter of fact. For a moment I was bewildered as to how she even knew my full name, but then I realized she has seen it plenty of times on my credit card.
"Okay, um, I'm flattered and everything but, this has got to stop."
"Why, didn't you like the pictures?"
"Yea-uh..." I cut myself off. I can't believe I blurted out a yes.
"Ooh! Which was your favorite?"
I sighed. "I deleted them. I can't look at that stuff at work!"
"Aww, but youdid want to..."
This was not going as well as I planned. "Alyssa, this can't go on- I mean, it's not going anywhere..."
"Why not? Aren't you attracted to me?" she pouted.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot, big deal. I have a-"
She interrupted me. "So what's the problem? You seemed pretty interested in the bathroom... Ifelt it!" She giggled a little at that.
"That was, uh..." I was completely faltering now.
"I saw the way you looked at my body. My legs... my stomach... There is so much more for you to see too..."
"I- I can't..."
"And I felt how you touched me...Mmm, I have been thinking about it. The way you rubbed my thigh, and how you squeezed my ass..."
Hearing her talking about it was making me so fucking hard. She wasn't even in front of me and I felt like she was working me under her spell again. And she didn't let up.
"There's more of me to touch though... And I definitely want to finish what I started.Mm- I have been thinking about it a lot. It wassuch a tease to only see a little bit of it... but I could tell it wasso hard! Is it... hard right now?"
Fuck yes it is! "Uh, god, what can I- uh- say to convince you..."
"Hmm, did you think about me that night?" she interjected suddenly.
"What?!" I exclaimed, knowing full well what she meant.
I heard her gasp over the phone. "Ooh, you did, didn't you? Did you... touch yourself when you were thinking about me?"
"Uh, no!" I stammered. This was completely out of control.
"What were you... oh gosh! Were youfucking your girlfriend and you thought of me?" I could tell she was bristling with excitement.
"Alyssa, I- I just called to tell you..."
"God, that's hot. You're not even trying to deny it!"
I was completely flustered. "No! I- this is done! I mean, it never started!"
Ignoring me completely, "I don't know why you're getting soexcited... I just want to make you feel good..."
"Well, you can't!"
She sighed over the phone and there was a short pause. "So, you don't want to touch me again?"
Finally, I was getting somewhere! "No!"
"You don't want to finish what we started?" she hummed.
"No!"
"Aww, that's so...disappointing! But, you have my number if you change your mind."
"I- I'm not- That's not gonna happen."
She completely blew me off, "Think of me again tonight," she purred.
Before I could say anything else, I heard the static go out as she ended the call. Totally flustered, I just stood there in the parking lot, my heart racing. I felt like a complete idiot for letting her run the conversation like that. But damn,the way she talks... Although on some level I was already aware that I had a raging hard-on for most of the conversation, I was now acutely conscious of the fact that I had one at work.
I stuffed my hands in my pockets and decided to take a walk around the building to try and relax. It was a useless exercise. The entire time I was thinking about Alyssa. I tried to remember how those pictures looked. I replayed our exchange over and over. The sound of her young, sexy voice... Taunting me about our close encounter... Fuck. I realized I was actually stroking myself a little in my pockets.
I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to think of a mountain of boring paperwork to settle myself down. Marching back into the building (hands stillcasually in my pockets), I returned to my office and tried to get back to work. There was no hope for me though.
Alyssa's body and voice dominated my mind. I was abuzz with nervous energy. I went to the bathroom. Good, nobody was there. I slid into a stall and, for the first time in my life, desperately jerked off in a public place. Everything about it felt so wrong; that I was at work doing it, that I was thinking about another girl... that I was thinking about a girl that was practically begging me to cheat with her.
I closed my eyes and imagined myself caving in to her seduction. How bad I wanted to give in to that young temptress right then... Oh fuck, before I knew it, I was coming hard. I actually groaned out loud a little bit. When I calmed down, my face flushed crimson with shame and embarrassment.
At least I took the edge off. I was able to be moderately productive for the rest of the day. But every time I noticed I got an email, and every time my phone rang, my heart skipped a beat. I feared, and admittedly hoped, that it was Alyssa hassling me again. Yet she didn't make any other attempt to contact me. I wondered if I had gotten through to her.
Any hope I had of pushing her out of my head was a pipedream though. Once again she had told me to think of her. I knew that night that I would be.

III

That weekend, Kristen suggested we hit up the burger joint. I had enough good sense to say no, despite any forbidden fantasies I maintained of giving Alyssa another opportunity to seduce me. In spite of my attempts to keep out of trouble, I found myself wading in it the following week.
Alyssa still had not attempted to contact me again, and for awhile I thought she had given up. I even managed to gonearly a whole day at work without my imagination drifting off to her image. I was leaving the office and just walking out to the parking lot when I heard a familiar voice. Yes, the same one that had been haunting my fantasies.
"Fancy seeing you here!"
I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around. Yep, there she was. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans that clung to her hips perfectly and a little tank-top that didn't come down too far. It showed off so much of the lower part of her navel that I wondered if she was completely shaven downstairs. I managed to drag my eyes up her tight body and meet her smirking gaze.
"No burger last weekend?" she frowned a little.
I suppressed a guilty smile and quickly turned away from her, doing my best to home in on my car. "I gotta go," I tried.
She trotted up to try and keep pace with me as I walked away from her. "Aw, what's the rush?"
"Look, I told you already. I- I'm not available."Keep walking.
"Just one sec! I only want to show ya something..." she pleaded behind me.
Show me what? Some more of your hot little body? "Not interested."Almost to my car.
Then I heard it. It was a little fuzzy, but I knew instantly what it was.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot..." The bitch had recorded our conversation. I stopped walking, but I didn't turn around. Suddenly my heartbeat was in my temples. I was desperately trying to remember what I had said on the phone to her. Did I say anything stupid? Something that would get me in trouble? All I could remember was her dominating the conversation...
She casually walked in front of me, cocky little look on her pretty face. She was holding a small recorder up which was playing segments of our conversation; just the bits that make me look like a horny asshole. After a minute she clicked it off. I blinked at her.
"W-what do you want?"
"I just wanna talk to you," she said sweetly.
"Well, we're uh- we're talking now."
She put her hands on her hips and gave me an indignant look. I swallowed hard as the pose forced me to look at her waist and see the soft, smooth skin that was shown off. "I didn't mean in a parking lot!"
I rolled my eyes. "Well there's nowhere else here; we'renot going in my office!"
"How about my place?" her eyes sparked.
Oh god, hell yes... "Uh- N-no," I stuttered.
She held up the tape again. "Okay, how about you drive me home." I was about to demur but she cut me off. "It's not far... We can talk on the way, and once we get there, you can have the tape. No tricks!" she smiled.
Now, I didn'tknow if she would actually try to show the tape to Kristen somehow. Even then, I didn'tknow if I would necessarily be incriminated. Looking in hindsight, I probably could have weaseled my way through this situation better. But at the time, I was panicking; "thinking clearly" was not in the cards. I reluctantly agreed.
Once we were in the car, she started up again. "Ooh, I've never beenin the car before. I only got to see from the outside! So this is what it's like to be your girlfriend." Her voice was innocent but sharp; she knew she was toying with me.
"You're uh- you're not my girlfriend," I flatly replied.
She gave a little pout and sat cross-legged in the seat. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, subtly trying to watch her legs as they shifted into position.Mm, flexible.
"That's just the thing... All I want is to have a little fun..." She dragged out the wordfun as coyly as possible. "Nobody has to know... Like a little fling on the side!"
My palms were already sweaty gripping the wheel. I was trying to focus on being pissed off at this girl, but I couldn't help my ego that loved being propositioned by this sexy thing.Just don't get hard... "I'm not going to- to uh, cheat on her."
"Turn left up here," she instructed. "Besides, you're not married or anything. Maybe she'd even like it!"
I wish! "Not gonna happen." I tried to keep my eyes looking forward.Don't look at her sultry smile.
She let out a long sigh. "It's so sad when people are so...possessive!I mean, it'sobvious that you want to! I do too! What's the big deal?"
I just shook my head.
"Right up at the next light." She reached her left hand out and started fiddling with the radio. I didn't think much of it until she dropped her hand back down and it landed on my thigh. I jumped in my seat at the touch, which just caused her to squeeze a little and massage my leg as if to calm me down. "Relax!" she giggled.
My dick was semi-hard, but not so erect that she could see it. The sudden touch shot instant life into it. Keeping one hand on the wheel, I batted away her arm, but it was too late.
"Ooh!There it is!" she squealed in joy; immediately shooting her other hand out to cop a feel of my hard-on through my slacks. She moved so fast that I couldn't stop her. The feeling of her gripping my cock made me squirm in my seat, both in discomfort and pleasure; it was all I could do to keep enough composure and stay in my lane.
"C-cut it out!" I blurted. She slithered her hands away, feigning remorse, but she was biting her lower lip and batting her eyes in a way that said:Got you, and you liked it.
"It's just up here," she pointed. It was a small apartment complex.
Finally. She showed the way to her building and I parked. My dick had calmed down a little, but not much. I turned to her and stuck out my hand. "Okay, I drove you here."
She took the recorder out of her purse and popped out the tape, handing it to me. "See? You can trust me!"
"Uh huh," I snatched it out of her hand.
"So, want to come in?" she beamed.
"Uh, nope."
She frowned. "Fine, I tried." She opened the door and started to get out. "But I have a confession..."
"Yeah?"Get on with it and get out.
"Well... I still have two more copies of the tape..." Her eyes flickered at me as she swung the door closed.
Fuck! "What! Hey, wait!" She was ignoring me, walking up to her door. I got out of my car and called at her again. "What are you trying to pull here?"
She spun around and tilted her head low, eyes shifting up to stare at me. "Nothing! If you want the other two copies, come in and get 'em!" She turned again and started walking; slow, leisurely steps that she accented by really swaying her ass side to side.
Anger started to boil inside me. "And if I don't?"
Without facing me, she nonchalantly replied, "Who knows who mightaccidentally hear it..." She unlocked her door and opened it, sliding inside. The door swung closed, but not so far that it latched. She was beckoning me in. I stood there for a moment, my heart racing. Everything was shouting at me to get out of there. I could explain all this to Kristen somehow... Maybe... Maybe not.
I needed to get those tapes. I was going inside just to do that. No ulterior motives. Not to see her room. Not to see her body. Not to give in to what promised to be explosive, mind-blowing sex. I took a deep breath and entered her apartment.

IV

I came in and shut the door behind me. Her place looked pretty small. I didn't see her anywhere, but I heard her voice call to me from what I'm sure was the bedroom. "Change your mind?" The way she said it let me know it wasn't really a question.
I spoke up from the entryway, afraid to go any further. "Look, I- I just want the- uh- the tapes. Come on I- I mean..." I was suddenly feeling very hot. My eyes were darting all over the place, in the vain hope that the tapes would be sitting out in the open. They weren't.
"They're in here!" she sang.
An involuntary shudder ran through my body. I was so fucking nervous. I tentatively walked up to the doorway and peeked in. Her room wasn't very big. It only had a small window, and she pulled the curtains over it so no light was coming through. There were a couple lava lamps in the room which gave it a soft, colorful glow.
"Alyssa I- We're uh, not going to... to do anything. I told you..."
She came to the door and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the room. She kicked the door shut behind us, closing off the light coming from the rest of the apartment. Only the radiance of the lamps lit the room. "I'm not here to force you into anything," she purred.
Bullshit. "Um, I'm not exactly here by- uh- choice."
She pulled the chair out from by her computer. I noticed a webcam and was distinctly aware that this is where she must have taken those pictures... She half-indicated, half-pushed me into the seat.
"We won't do anything you don't want. I just want to...show you what you're missing out on..."
Gulp. She moved away from the seat and clicked her stereo on. It was turned pretty low, but I could tell it was some sexy song. Then her hips started to move. A little to the left, a little more to the right... Oh god, she was going to dance.
She moved slow, but all her gestures were exaggerated. Every movement of her arms, her stomach, her ass, her legs; my eyes were glued to her body.
"You just watch, then I'll give you what you want," she drew out those last words.
"The uh, tapes?"
"If that's what you want when I'm finished..." she smiled.
She knows exactly what I'll want...
So she kept dancing. Both my hopes and fears were realized when she started to pull her shirt up.Striptease. I rubbed my forehead in disbelief, not knowing how to react. Part of me was furious; with her as much as myself. But another part of me was, well... hard-up.
Her shirt was bunched up to her bra now, showing off all of her lean stomach. She arched her back to accentuate her features and slithered around in front of me, running her fingers along her abdomen. She twirled away from me and shook her ass slowly as she pulled the shirt up further and off her body, throwing it off to the side. I was breathing slowly, watching her smooth back in anticipation. She was still wearing a bra but... oh fuck, just turn around.
She did, and I stared at her perky tits, my lips feeling dry as I gawked at her cleavage. Her body continued to sway. I can't remember if she was really that good of a dancer, or if I was just that hypnotized by her body, but at the time, good lord she could move.
Her hands moved to her jeans and began to unfasten them. My cock was aching in my slacks. How bad I wanted to stroke myself as I watched her. God, I felt so guilty about the whole thing. I kept trying to tell myself,once she's naked, once the dance is over, I'll get the tapes and leave. This isn't wrong. But I don't think I believed myself too much.
She twirled her body and spun in slow circles as she gradually pushed her jeans down, revealing her ass and thighs in a tiny pair of panties. As I was sitting in the chair, I had my hands covering my blatant erection, trying my best to hide it, but I was fidgeting like crazy with my fingers. I kept pushing my wrists down on myself to try tease out a little stimulation. Each time I did, I felt terrible, but I wanted more.
She kicked her pants off and was now only in her underwear. Her body kept on moving to the music; the shadows of the lamps played off her body and made her look more exotic than ever. She propped up one of her legs on the bed and bent over it, running her hands and body up along its length. I watched with hunger, recalling the memory of when I rubbed that sexy thigh when this all started. Her hands traced up her stomach and behind her shoulders. They were going for the bra clasp on her back.
She unfastened it and let the straps on her shoulders fall loose, but one hand kept it in place on her breasts. I think my eyes were starting to sting a little bit for lack of blinking. Her lips, which had for the better part of this dance been pursed in a seductive smile, were now hanging open a little bit. Jesus, she looked so raw, so inheat.
Moving her leg off the bed, she turned away from me again and went to a shelf. She casually moved her arms so the bra fell to the floor in front of her. I was watching so intently, gaping at her naked back, that I didn't even realize that while my right hand held my left wrist, I was playing with myself through my slacks with my left hand.
She reached over and grabbed something from behind the shelf. Her hand pulled back and I knew she was positioning her arm across her chest. Turning to me, she displayed a little tape in her hand. She took a few steps forward, ever so slowly, until she was in right front of me. The arm that held the tape still draped over her chest. "So, do you want it?" she asked hotly.
"Um, yeah," I uttered out. She was standing over me now, almost completely naked. I could really smell the perfume on her skin. I was tempted to just reach out and grab her body to pull it into the chair with me. It looked so luscious, just posing for me there.
"But...what do you want?" she chewed her lip a little.
"Um, the- the uh..." My mouth was dry. I couldn't find the words, but I was gesturing towards the tape.
"Oh, all you want is this?" she smirked, and held the tape out in front of me. I paid absolutely zero attention to it. Stretching out her arm completely revealed her breasts. My eyes widened as I took them all in. I remember thinking they were completely perfect, and being so fucking turned on because her nipples were hard. Knowing she was aroused only made me that much hornier.
She made a soft little moan and ran her free hand up to one of her tits, holding and squeezing it a little. "Or... do you want this?"
Her body leaned in over me. She put one of her knees on the chair and pushed up right against my body. I pulled back as far as I could in the seat, but she kept coming closer. She pushed her chest to my face while she ran the hand with the tape down to my slacks. She deftly slid it into my pocket, pressing her thumb against the base of my cock through my pants at the same time.
I gasped in pleasure at the touch and she tilted toward me more, holding her breast right in front of my face. "I'm a good girl..." she cooed, "You don't have to choose between me and the tape... You can have both..."
My mind was racing so fast that my thoughts just sounded like a high-pitch whir whistling in my ears.
"Why not just a taste... It wouldn't hurt anybody..." She leaned in closer. I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was gently kissing her nipple and running my tongue over it. She let out a soft moan that only encouraged me to continue. I was in heaven; I wasn't thinking at all. My hands raised and found her ass and lower back. How many times had I jacked off to the idea of touching her smooth skin again...
A chime went off somewhere in the apartment. My eyes shot open and suddenly I had something resembling clarity of thought.Oh fuck, what am I doing?"What time is it?" I blurted out, sliding my hands to her hips and pushing her back a little.
She let out a little scoff, completely pissed that the clock broke her spell. She leaned back and looked behind her. The clock on her stereo showed 6:00.Where the fuck has the time gone? I was so caught up in my own anxiety that I didn't realize how late it was getting. I'm always home before Kristen...
"Oh Jesus I- uh, okay. You um, you gave me one but... You said- uh, I could get both... I need to- to go..." I sputtered, trying to get a hold on the situation.
She stood in front of me, her chest heaving a bit from her heavier breathing. "I still haven't showed you everything..." she insinuated, running her fingers along the inside of her thighs and up along her panties.
"Fuck I- I don't have time... Kristen-er... My girlfriend will wonder..."
"Justcall her, silly! Tell her you got caught up at the office..."
It sounded like a perfectly good idea. I'd like to even think that, at least at that one moment, I thought it was a good idea because I still needed to get one more tape. Truth is, despite my sudden alert nature, my dick hadn't forgotten about this gorgeous girl in front of me. Even so, I tried to get some control over the situation.
"If I call her... You'll- you'll give it to me right?"
Her face broke into an open-mouthed smile. "Oh I'llgive it to you..."
I closed my eyes in frustration. "The... the tape..."
"Of course... I wouldn't lie to you..."
I dug my cell out of my pocket, opening my eyes to dial. For some reason I thought if I focused completely on the phone, maybe Alyssa would give me some space. She didn't. I knew her hot body was standing right at the periphery of my vision, calling my eyes to soak it up. I dialed my girlfriend's number.
"You can tellKristen I said hi..." she whispered as I brought the phone to my ear. I gave her a distraught look, as if to say, shut the fuck up! But it wasn't much use. Her coy smile was impervious to my distress, and my eyes dropped down to scan her naked tits anyway.
Kristen picked up the phone. "Hey... I'm uh- I'm being held up at work today..."
"Aw, what for? They never keep you..." she inquired.
"I know but... the uh, network exploded and we we're two hours behind on a deadline and..." My mind was wandering, trying to think up something plausible that she wouldn't ask questions about.
Alyssa was stretching her arms above her head and clasping her hands; swaying her body around in a little dance as she stretched and showed off her curves. I shut my eyes to tried and ignore her. The next thing I knew, I felt her breath on my neck. She had leaned right up next to me, one hand on the chair, another on my throbbing hard-on, and gave me a slow, sultry kiss on the neck.
My voice cracked at the sudden touch and my eyes blasted open to see her practically climbing onto me. I can't remember what Kristen was saying, but she started sympathizing with me and telling me some story about how her day sucked too. I feebly tried to push Alyssa away, all the while biting my tongue, but the more I tried, the more she rubbed a hand against my cock. I tried shifting my weight, but it only made me gasp in pleasure.
"Are you okay?" Kristen paused in her story.
"Uh- yeah. Sorry I'm just- I'm carrying a big box of- of shit right now..."
She seemed to accept the excuse. Alyssa hung her mouth open in fake-shock, and wagged her finger at me. She then moved it to her lips and gave me a silentshh... The gesture was unnerving, but at the same time it just made me really hot. I don't know why; maybe because she was being such a naughty tease about it all. But then she took it to another level.
She slid her body down again, this time bringing her lips to my cell-free ear. So,so quietly, she whispers, "Keep quiet, or I might pout... Wouldn't want her to hear me..."
The next thing I knew, she was down on her knees, between my legs, working on my slacks. I was petrified. Maybe I could have just gotten out of the damn chair. Who knows? I was afraid if I did something, Alyssa would make a noise and I'd be caught. Fuck it; I think it's obvious I was pretty far gone at that point anyway.
Kristen had wrapped up her story and was asking me how much longer I thought I'd be. I was actually dizzy from the stimulation at this point. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement or nerves. I don't know how Alyssa did it, but my dick had sprung free of my slacks and boxers without much effort. Had I lifted my hips up to help her pull my pants down some? I can't remember. It was probably instinct.
"Um, I don't know... Not- not too much longer I- oh..." I trailed off for a second, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I watched Alyssa's greedy, conquering smile as she eyed my exposed cock. Her fingers had tentatively wrapped around the base of it, which sent jolts of pleasure into my stomach. But then she leaned in and wrapped her mouth around the tip. Oh god, that hot young tongue swirled around me...
I grimaced, doing my best to keep quiet.
"Are you there...?" my girlfriend piped up.
Man, I don't know what I felt at the time. Maybe it was guilt. Maybe it was a rush of doing something so unforgivably wicked. "Sorry... Someone was uh, waving me down. I think I... I..."
Alyssa was slowly jacking the base of my erection as she attentively licked and sucked the rest of me; her hot little ass swaying as she worked, her eyes looking up at me and batting innocently.
"I can uh, blow off some of this and... come soon." Honestly. I wasn't trying to make it sound likethat.
Alyssa dragged her mouth off of me for a moment and gave me an astonished look, then silently mouthed,you bad boy! Then she licked under her teeth and started sucking me again.
Kristen finally let the conversation end and said goodbye. I clicked the phone off and literally dropped it to the floor, letting out a huge groan. "Oh fuck!"
Alyssa took me out of her mouth and kept jacking me as she licked the sides of my hard-on. Between running her tongue along me, she would murmur, "Mm, what's wrong baby?"
"Shit I- I can't believe this is...oh..." I moaned.
"Don't you like it?"
"God this is... this is so wrong..." I think I was talking to myself.
She stopped pumping me with her hands. "Tell me you like it..."
I was on the edge. Really, the only reason I hadn't blown my load yet was because I was concentrating on the phone. Alyssa's sudden decrease in stimulation drove my desire through the roof.
"What? I- come on!"
She placed her nails on the inside of my thighs and lightly raked down them, giving me a mischievous smirk. "Just be honest...tell me..."
"Fuck... ah- yes! Okay, I like it, okay..."
She gave a happy moan and brought her hands back to my cock. Leaning her lips back to it, she purred, "Tell me you need it..."
I admit it. I was desperate. She had me right where she wanted me. "I- I need it... please..."
She knew how to please. She took even more of me in than when she was teasing me before. Her palm was still wrapped around the base of it, squeezing and tugging just right as her hot breath covered the rest of me. It didn't take very long before I felt myself rising up and losing control. "Oh god, I'm- I'm going to..."
My whole body was tingling as I felt the wave rush through my body and between my legs. A huge burst came out of me as my climax started, and it shot into her mouth. I was shocked that she kept on me and tried to swallow it down. I was so fucking worked up though; I came more than she could handle and she had to pull off, catching the rest in her hands.
As my orgasm subsided, my head went limp against the back of the chair. I sighed hard, trying to catch my breath in that empty-headed state a man experiences after a hard come. After a few moments, my trance was broken by Alyssa.
"God that was...mm... So hot! I've been fantasizing about that for... ah, weeks..."
I watched her as she stood back up, smiling sweetly at me. I could still admire how awesome her body was, even though I was completely spent right then. Shortly thereafter, thoughts started slowly swimming back into my head, and I realized what had happened. A flood of guilt rose up in me and I quickly got up from the chair, re-fastening my pants.
"Oh man... Alyssa that was- I mean- that can't... I... It was a mista-..." I was rambling.
She didn't care. She walked over to a dresser and pulled a tape out from a drawer, holding it up, as if mocking me. "Hmm, was it worth it?"
I stepped closer to her and reached for it. She made no move to keep it away from me. As it dropped into my hand, she smiled, "Now you know what you're missing..."
I closed my hand around the tape and stood there for a moment, feeling completely dumbfounded. She ran her palms down her stomach, and I realized there was still some of my cum on her. Her lips pursed a little and she mused, "I'm alldirty..."
I took a step back as she moved toward me, but she just brushed her body against mine and passed right by, heading for the bedroom door. She opened it and looked back. "I'm going to take a shower... Feel free to join me..." With a little wink, she flipped back around and went into a side room in the hallway. I heard her turn the shower water on.
I stood there for another minute, wondering how in the fuck I had ended up in this situation. The shower water was still running, and I realized that by now she was in it. Did she really think I was going to join her? I quietly walked out of her room and paused briefly in front of the bathroom door. In spite of myself, I peeked in. I saw the panties that she had still worn the whole time on the floor. Her silhouette was blurred by the shower door. I could tell that she was running the water through her hair, stretching arms back and sticking out her chest. I admired the sight for a moment, then quickly moved on.
I quietly exited the apartment, got in my car, and pulled away. It wasn't until I was maybe half-way back to my place that I started registering thoughts again. Okay. I got all of the tapes. Good. Would she leave me alone now? Yeah right, she'll probably be encouraged now. Fuck, what have I done?
At some point it dawned on me that if she was clever enough to tape me on the phone, that she could just as easily have somehow recorded me in her bedroom... God, that would be a mess. What a fucking bitch! Who does she think she is, showing off that hot little body, blackmailing me all the while? I'm only a man for fuck's sake. Jesus... She made me come so hard. I can't believe I let her do that. Fuck.
I pulled up to my own apartment and turned off my car. I put my hands on my lap and closed my eyes. I was already hard again.

V

I was a mess for the next week or so. Constant anxiety and paranoia haunted me. Did Alyssa have any other tricks up her sleeve? Did she record me drooling over her striptease, then letting her suck me off while I lied to my girlfriend on the phone? Was she going to call me up and blackmail me again? What would she demand of me now?
It was so twisted. I never dreamed that I'd be manipulated by some hot woman in such a way. I couldn't decide what was worse: the guilt of going through with it, or the fact that it turned me on so much. It only made it that much naughtier that the girl who was playing me so bad wasyounger than me. I felt like such an idiot for letting her get away with anything, but man, it turned me on so goddamn much. Maybe because it was forbidden. Maybe because it was bad. Maybe because she was just too fucking hot. Whatever.
I felt like an asshole too because for all my shame, I could not, for the life of me, get her out of my head. How many times did I jack off recollecting her little striptease? Jesus, I was obsessing over her body. I was desperate even in my fantasies to run my hands along her skin and just fuckingtake her. I mean, shit, I know she wanted it. What I'd do to give in! Well... give in evenmore than I already had. Man, to get into those little panties...
The truth is, yeah, part of mewanted her to call me out again. I wanted that little bitch to push me further, make me give in. It was so goddamnwrong. Well, at least I thought that way in my horniest moments. Whenever I was thinking clearly, I was terrified of her and what she was doing to me.
Anyway. Whether I really wanted it or not, it came.
As I mentioned before, I typically get home before Kristen. It was the next Friday. Alyssa hadn't harassed me and, once again, I thought maybe she had gotten her fill of me. I had left work a little early and went straight home. I put the key in my door and swung it open.
What the fuck.
There she was, standing with her back against the opposite wall, looking right at me. Alyssa. I noticed right away that she was wearing a tiny skirt. It wasn't tight; it was the kind that would show her off to the world if the wind blew in the right way. In my complete bewilderment, I already caught myself lusting over her legs and thinking about that pussy that I had yet to see.Get a hold of yourself! What is she doing here? Get her the fuck out!
"Finally!" she chirped, smiling cutely and bending her knees a little at me.
I reeled my head. "What the- how the fuck did you get..." It didn't occur to me how she knew where I lived. All I cared about was getting her the hell away before Kristen got home. And, well... trying not to gawk at her sexy body...
She gave me a sarcastic look. "Don't pretend like you're not happy to see me..."
I balked, my eyes shooting all around, seeing if she had broken a window or something. Everything looked normal. "You- uh- get out!"
Her jaw dropped open as if she was appalled. "I wasmuch more gracious when you came over tomy place!"
I was pissed. I walked right up to her and grabbed her by the hips. If she wouldn't walk out, I would throw her ass out. But the second I grabbed her, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck. "Ooh! You wanna be aggressive?" she purred.
I tried to spin her around so I could push her out the door. Her body melted into mine, tangling her legs around me. Having her so close to me was exhilarating. As mad as I was, I had been hurting to be next to that body like a starving man. I started to grow hard despite my emotions.
"We're not doing this," I growled.
"What? We're not doing anything!" she pouted.
"Whatever you have planned!" I kept moving her toward the still-open door, but she snaked one of her arms behind her and closed it shut. The momentum of our movement caused us to crash into it, me pushing my body into hers against the door. It was so compromising. I didn't pull back right away. She held my eyes with a sultry stare, then moved forward to try and kiss me.
In my mind, I saw me leaning in and running my tongue in her mouth. But I managed to jerk my head back and stop her. She murmured a little pout. I grabbed the door handle and started to pull it open, even though she was still leaning against it and trying to keep it closed.
"Why do you keep fighting it?" she whispered as we struggled.
Because I have to! "Why won't you leave me alone?" I grunted.
I got the door open. She resisted the best she could but I was just stronger. Then her tone changed; she sounded desperate. "Wait! I have something you- you'll want to see!"
Oh shit, here it comes. I paused for a moment. "What is it now?" I practically growled.
"Let me get my purse! It's on your- your counter."
I let go of her and she effortlessly slid out of my grasp and passed by me into the kitchen. Now I was panicking. This had to be the new tape that I feared...
Shutting the door, I followed her back to the kitchen. She was standing by her purse, but something was different now. Her confident smile crept back into her lips. My heart started to sink. She just waited me out for a few seconds.
"Well?" I blurted out.
She ran her hands down to the hem of that little skirt and started pulling it up, inch at a time. I gawked in confusion as she revealed more thigh, more smooth skin, and then... oh fuck... she wasn't wearing anything under there...
I gazed like an idiot. She ran one of her fingers along her slit and brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it. My cock was screaming for attention now. This goddamn girl...
"Mm... Looks like you like it..." she chirped.
That snapped me out of my trance. "Uh- is... is that it?"
"It? I know this is what you wanted to see..."
I almost laughed from relief. I probably would have if I wasn't so confused, scared, and downright turned on. I took a step toward her, resolve showing again on my face. She dropped her skirt back down and dug into her purse before I got to her.
My stomach flipped over, fearing the worst again. I was completely stunned when she pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"I was afraid you might be difficult again," she said, almost condescendingly. The handcuffs dangled in one of her hands as she walked toward me.
"Uh you- we're not using- um..." My will was faltering. I should have just grabbed her ass and tossed her out; no more fucking around. But every second she stood there in front of me, my darker self was trying to claw its way out. Suddenly I had images of being cuffed to my bedpost; her tight body riding me against my will, making me come so hard...
But the image of my own bed reminded me of Kristen. What time was it? I probably had twenty minutes to... No,get her the fuck out of here!
I thought she was going to push her body into mine again, but at the last second, she slid past me. I gritted my teeth as her hip pushed against my obvious erection. She moved into the living room and put her back against a large support column that bordered the kitchen. If I had known her intention, I would have done something right then.
With her body pressed up against it, she wrapped her arms behind her, around the pillar. At first, I just thought she was posing for me again, her tits pressing out against the fabric of her shirt as her arms stretched behind her. Then I heard a click.Oh shit. Then I heard another one. She bit her lower lip and looked triumphantly at me.
She had handcuffed herself to the column.
"What... What the fuck are you doing!?" I think I sounded more amazed than pissed.
"Fair is fair!" she sang, smiling at me.
I shook my head, "What are you talking about?"
"Well... The way I see it;I made you come. Now it'syour turn!" She was shifting her weight around the column. It was obvious she wasn't kidding around; she was attached to it. Half of me was dumbfounded, thinking I was completely hosed once Kristen got home. The other half of me? Well, it saw a hot, seductive girl with a slutty little skirt tied up in front of me...
"You- uh- you... You gotta be... shitting me..."
With a sly grin, lips pursed shut, she slowly shook her head no.
My voice quavered. "Alyssa... I- My girlfriend will..."
"I already hid the key," she interjected. "Before you got home. You'll never find it. But... I'll tell you where it is once we're...even..."
I briefly scanned my surroundings and realized if she was telling the truth, she was right. There was no way I could find it. Not before Kristen got home. Did I have anything that could cut through the metal? No...God, what the fuck. My mind was completely fogged.
I at least rifled through her purse. It was small and had barely anything in it. There was no key. While I searched, I heard her cooing, "You're wasting your time..."
My senses were completely jumbled. I had entered the surreal. Moving to stand in front of her, I just looked on incredulously. She was just... so fuckin' fine. Her arms cuffed behind her. Her chest sticking out. Those legs... in that skirt... The look on her face was one of complete satisfaction and anticipation at the same time. She looked so helpless but... fuck, she was completely in control.
I was hard. Like,achinghard. Everything was so wrong but... Wow. My eyes dropped to her skirt and I thought about that naked pussy underneath. Was I actually going to do this? I pictured pulling my cock out, walking up to her, and just picking her up. Let her wrap her legs around me as I just rode her... She wouldn't be able to stop me. I could do whatever I wanted to her. I can't believe I'm thinking about fucking her... I need to get the key...
"Mm- Don't keep me waiting... Or do you like seeing me all tied up for you?"
"I can't believe this..." I mumbled to myself. I moved my hands to my belt and started to unfasten it.
Her eyes widened in delight. "Ooh!"
Closing my eyes in disbelief, I let my pants drop to the floor. Kicking them off, I moved close to her.
"Hmm... This isn't quite fair..." she mused.
I was right in front of her now, feeling animalistic. My hard-on was throbbing in front of her. I was inches from being underneath that skirt.
"I had to go down on myknees for you... I think you should... return the favor..." she smiled.
You've got to be kidding me. "Uh... W-what?" I croaked.
"Get me off like I got you off..." She gave me an open-mouthed smile and ran her tongue across the top of her teeth.
"You can't... be s-serious..."
She nodded coyly. "Or can you not help yourself? Are you going to... rape me? Do you want to take advantage of my cuffed little body?"
Fuck yes I do! I gritted my teeth at her comment, my body needing to be in hers.
"But... is it really rape if I want it? I can...pretend that I don't... that you're takingadvantage of me... Would that turn you on? I mean... that seems to beyour role; pretending you don't want it..."
I grabbed onto her legs and pushed her skirt up, taking a step closer. Everything she was saying... She was toying with me but, man, she knew how to make me hot. I slid my cock between her legs and it ran along the slit of her pussy. She made a slight sigh.
"You can fuck me... But I'm not telling you where the key is until I come off your tongue..." she whispered.
My breaths were shallow now. "You bitch," I cursed under my breath.
"Give me what I gave you... Unless youwant Kristen to see the kinky games you play with me..."
The mention of my girlfriend made my face turn red hot. I stole a glance at the clock and realized I was running out of time. Reluctantly, I sank down to my knees in front of her. Without any ceremony, I ran my hands up her thighs and pushed her skirt up, revealing her pussy to me once again. I leaned into her; she was already completely aroused.
I held my mouth in front of her glistening slit for a moment and just blew lightly on it. She moaned quietly and thrust her hips out to meet my face. That was it for me. I wrapped my hands around to her ass and pulled her into my mouth, running my tongue along her waiting sex. I was rewarded with a gasp. She was already so wet.
Abandoning all pretenses, I just dove into her. I did everything I could to give her pleasure. Honestly, I don't think I was doing it to get her to tell me where the key was. I genuinely was desperate to make this girl come. I didn't care about the humiliation of being on my knees, dick hanging out and crying for attention. All I cared about were her sexy moans and her delicious pussy.
"Oh... ah- you... you animal... fuck... suck me! Yeah- lick me!"
I followed her every command. Whenever she jerked or moved her hips in one direction, I did my best to focus my attention wherever she guided me with her body.
"Y-yeah...God! Oh- you're so- so good!Ah! Eat me you-mm- bastard... I've waited-oh! So long!"
She had one leg draped over my shoulder now. Her hips were bucking against my face. I felt her thighs trembling as she strained all her muscles. She was close. I didn't let up; I was going to make this little bitch come. My fingers dug into her skin as I pushed her into my face even deeper. Her dirty talk was reduced to incoherent sounds of pouts and moans.
Then it happened. Her voice cracked and suddenly she was quiet. Her entire body tensed up except for her hips, which she jerked up and down on my tongue in fast little thrusts. I tried my best to keep up with her, but I got lost in her pussy as it swelled with her juices as she came. I felt like I was practically drinking her.
Even as she calmed down, she kept wiggling on my tongue lazily, trying to squeeze out every last bit of her climax. Finally she exhaled loudly, "Fuck yeah..."
I pulled off of her and she relaxed her body. Wiping the wetness off of my mouth, I stood up wobbly and glared at her. Her face was flushed red and she was panting; a tired smile of total contentedness. My cock was standing at full attention, pre-cum dripping from my frantic lust.
She rolled her head at me and sighed, "It's in the pillowcase on the couch..."
Oh yeah... I was embarrassed; realizing all I was thinking about was how I could get off right then. I went to the couch and unzipped the first pillow; the key was right there. I snatched it out and immediately unlocked her cuffs. I admit I was half-way tempted to leave her there and take out my frustrations on her...
She pulled her free arms in front of her and rubbed her wrists a little. "So I guess we're even! I better leave. You know... so I'm not late for work." She was so nonchalant.
Her body turned from me and I watched her slink into the kitchen to grab her purse. She wiggled her ass at me. I saw that sexy behind shake beneath that skirt and felt my blood boil up in me. Then something inside me just...snapped.
She was facing the counter, putting the handcuffs back in her purse. I moved behind her and slid my still-hard dick under her skirt. A little "Oh..." escaped her lips. I didn't care what it meant. I pushed into her further and she spread her legs a little, pushing her ass out.
"I thought you wanted me to leave..." she said brashly.
I grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and found her wet pussy with the other. Then I callously thrust myself inside her. She let out a gasp and gripped the countertop.
"You fucking bitch," I hissed.
"Ah! I'm- I'm not making you- you..."
"You home-wrecking little-uh-slut!" She was still totally lubricated and I pumped in and out of her with ease.
"Mm... Ah! You-uh- you like it..." she panted.
"I fucking- ah- hate you!" It wasn't going to be long. I had been on the edge since I got down on my knees.
"Then why can't-uh! Can't you- you help yourself?" she gasped as I rode her. "You want me-oh- to be your- your slut? I'll be-ah! I'll be whatever you want..."
"I want-ugh-I want you outta my- my fucking life!"
"Ah! Yeah- you can't-mmph-can't even stay out of my- ah- my pussy!"
I was pushing myself as far into her as I could go, holding it a little each time I was buried in her up to the hilt of my dick. I was a man possessed.
"You- you need it...Ah! You need to come bad, don't you baby?" she grunted. "If you can- can stop yourself...Oh...I'll- I'll leave you alone..."
My mind was reeling.
"But-uh- if you come... If you unload in my little-ah- pussy...Mm-then you know-know you can't resist me..."
I slowed down my thrusts.Just pull out of her, idiot. Now is your chance! I couldn't quite will my body to stop.
"Yeah- just try and give up...Ah! I'll be whatever you want,oh- your little slut-on-the-side! Oh! You want that?"
Shut up! It was too much. She was so fucking bad. I felt myself hitting the point of no return.
"Ah! Fuck me! Fuck this naughty little pussy that-oh- that you thought you- you couldn't have... Give- ah-give in!"
That was it. My mind went blank as my climax took over. I started pumping streams of cum into her; filling her up. She pushed her ass into my pelvis as hard as she could, grinding a little to make me come even more. I had one hand on her hip, another on her shoulder, pulling her into me at the same time. I don't know if she said anything else while I was coming; I was lost in the feeling.

VI

What happened next was a blur. I remember her conquering, giddy smile. I tried to rush her out the door as fast as I could, but she was determined to be casual about it. She was completely cocky.
"You loved that, didn't you?" she insisted. "How long until you're going to be thinking about it again?"
I told her that she had to leave. I don't think I was forceful anymore; just pleading.
"I love that you can't resist me...Mm- Now I know you're mine. The question is: will you keep trying to resist?"
I opened the door and grabbed her arm to lead her through. On her way out, she smiled, "I'll be thinking about you..." She hopped out in front of me and bent over slightly, letting her skirt ride up her ass. With a quick swat, she spanked herself in front of me, "I look forward to you...punishing me for today. I know how much youhate me..."
I slammed the door, ashamed that I was already getting hard again. I desperately flew around the house, spraying air freshener, brushing my teeth, throwing on a different pair of clothes. Kristen came home shortly thereafter.
She gave me a piteous look. "You look like a mess!"
"Long day at work," I lied.
"I'll tell you what. Let me unwind a little and then we'll go out for burgers. My treat!"
"Uh- that's not necessary. I'm pretty- pretty tired."
"No way! You've been stressed lately. It'll be fun. Good food and, hey, if you're lucky, we'll see that cute waitress you like!" she gave me a wink.
I forced a weak grin.
About an hour later, we pulled up to the restaurant. The entire ride I was on nerves. I tried to talk her out of going but I gave up, fearing that I was sounding paranoid or suspicious. I remembered Alyssa had mentioned that she was working tonight. Hope, hope, hope she was joking.
We took a free parking space and waited about a minute until a waitress came. She had a smile from ear to ear. I rolled down the window and Alyssa skipped up. "Hi, how are you guys?" She gave me a knowing look. "Back for more, huh?" she smirked.

***

As always, I hope you enjoyed the story. If you have any comments or feedback, I would love to hear it. Thanks for reading.
Do not reprint this work on any other website, or any medium, without express consent of the author (me!).
Synopsis: A reluctance story about a guy in a relationship that finds himself the object of desire for a young, sexy waitress. She comes on to him aggressively and ultimately uses blackmail and seduction to try and force him to give in to her.

I

So I went to this burger joint probably about once every other weekend. It was one of those quasi-retro establishments: you pulled up in your car, ordered out your window, and ate right there. The place seemed to go out of its way to hire only waitresses, although the occasional unlucky sop might have gotten a male once in awhile. Not all the girls were cute, but most of them were. One in particular, Alyssa, she was right up my alley.
They all wore something resembling a uniform; mostly it was just the same color scheme. Alyssa though, she always wore nice tight, little clothes that did a great job of making the guys want to tip her more. Tonight? She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts, maybe the shortest I've seen on her. Probably because it's summer, you know? She has a tee-shirt on that doesn't expose much skin, but at least it's tight upstairs where it counts. Something I haven't seen before: she's wearing these long striped socks. It really puts the accent on her legs and makes her look fantastic. She's innocent, she's sultry; she knows it.
I always make it a point to park in the area that she's serving. I'm sure by now she recognizes me because I'm always all smiles whenever I see her. Not that I'm trying to get with her or anything. Honestly! I'm in a great relationship with my girl, Kristen. In fact, we both come here together. Kristen knows I think this waitress is cute. She doesn't really care because it's all in good fun. We're the kind of couple that can say, yes she is hot, or yes, I bet you'd hit that, honey. Nothing ever comes of it; no big deal.
Alyssa is not really my type anyway. Sure, I think she's fine. So what? She's probably barely in college. Nineteen, maybe twenty years old? I don't really know; I'm a terrible judge of age. Don't get me wrong, I have by no means accomplished any great age myself; college wasn'tthat long ago, but still.
The point is: any normal person likes to look. And tonight, I was having a great time looking. Back and forth she went, waiting on this car, bringing that tray back. Each time she passed by, I longingly (even if I tried to make itlook casually) admired her. Especially her legs tonight.Damn, those socks. I'd like to think she was showing off for me; swaying her pert little ass a little more than necessary. Someone parked across from me was paying out their bill to her. She was digging out some change and justhappened to drop some. Did she curtsey down like a lady, bend her knees, and pick it up modestly? Happily no. Her legs, straight as arrows, did not move as she reached down, displaying a perfect bend-over view of her ass to me.
Completely losing my cool, I found myself staring at her ass and exposed thighs as she leaned back up and handed over the change to the customer. My cock actually stirred in my pants! My reverie was broken by a light punch on the arm from Kristen. I shook my head over and looked at her. She was giving me an incredulous look, like,don't stare TOO hard. Now, we may be an open-minded couple, but everyone has limits, you know? Despite myself, I had an enormous fucking grin on my face. One that says:guilty as charged. I tried to play it down with some flattery.
"Maybe you should work here. A couple moves like that and I guarantee you'll get more tips than she does!"
She rolled her eyes at me but I was pretty sure I was off the hook. At least, of course, if I toned down the gawking a notch.
We sat in the car for awhile, enjoying our food pretty slowly. This place was nice for us because it gave us the chance to people watch in-between conversation without the hassle and noise of a "real" restaurant. It was a nice treat after a hard week's work and, hey, let's face it. The fries were good.
As the food was winding down, I decided I may as well take a leak before the drive home. The restroom was on the other side of the restaurant so I had to take the walk of exhibition across all the cars. I tried to look casual; knowing every windshield I passed had at least one pair of eyes watching me go by. I know it's nothing but, it's just one of those situations everybody notices once they're in it. So, doing my best to just stare straight ahead, I realized Alyssa was coming down the aisle the opposite direction.
Still feeling slightly paranoid about Kristen getting upset, I felt a little embarrassed to look right at her, so I kept my eyes down at the ground. As we approached each other, my eyes were trained on her feet and calves, and I was again admiring the look of her in those socks.Cute but sexy.
"Watch your step," I heard her innocently joke. My head instinctively shot up and I met her gaze. She was a bit shorter than me, but she had this confident smirk on her face that suffered no doubt of self-assurance. I broke into a silly grin and let out a chuckle. "Wouldn't want my favorite customer to trip and hurt himself!" she sang as she walked on by me.
Yeah, I bet she says that to all the guys. Big deal. I blushed stupidly just the same at the attention of a pretty girl and walked the rest of the way to the bathroom with a dumb smile on my face, trying my best to mask it for whatever reason.
So I get to the restroom. It's an older place, and facilities consisted of one room for the ladies, one for the men. Spacious! I do my business, and as I'm washing my hands, I have to admit I was daydreaming about Alyssa a bit. Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed and chuckled. Get a hold of yourself.
I moved to unlock the door and leave, but as I opened it I noticed a body patiently waiting right outside. Startled, I jumped a little once I realized who it was. Her back was to me, but as she heard the door open, Alyssa turned to face me with a guilty little smile. Before I knew what was happening, she darted into the room, sliding her body through the partly-ajar doorway. I took a step back in bewilderment. Once she was in, she shut the door behind her with her foot and leaned back against it.
She was holding her hands behind her back and had this look of total mischief on her face, like she just got away with something. Her head was turned to the side, as if listening through the door to make sure no one had caught her; then she looked at me. She was chewing her lower lip slightly, with this intent look in her eyes. Hands still clasped behind her, she made an effort to stick her chest out a bit, pushing her breasts against her shirt even more.
I was stunned. Honestly, my first thought was maybe she had pulled a prank on another waitress and she was hiding or something. As my eyes roamed her body, my body tingled with a little nervous energy.God, she is hot. As I stared back down to her gorgeous toned legs, the image of her bending over in front of me flashed behind my eyes. I felt myself starting to get hard, but at the same time, I remembered Kristen. Then I really started feeling awkward.
This, of course, all happened in an instant.
"Uh... Hi?" I blurted out.
Her face flushed into a shy smile. "Hi."
I furrowed my brow a little and grinned back, "I think you came in the wrong door."
She shook her head. "I think you know I didn't."
I felt a huge lump form in my throat. Suddenly the room felt very small. Her legs were pressed together and she was shifting her weight, rubbing her knees against one another. I didn't even realize I was staring at her legs again and shot my eyes back up to her face. I could tell by her expression that she knew I was checking her out. A small wave of guilt rushed through me, but I was still excited.
"I was wondering when we'd finally get some alone time..." she coyly mused.
My heartbeat began to race. Is she coming on to me? This kind of thing doesn't happen.
"Um, I... uh, what?" I stammered.
She pulled her hands out from behind her and stretched them out to the sides, almost nonchalantly. "Oh come on, I see the way you look at me every time you come here..."
My face turned red and I tried to bite my tongue to hold back a guilty smile. She pulled her arms above her head, stretching them up high now. It had the effect of pulling the bottom of her shirt up to expose a good portion of her tummy. The sight of her skin forced me to swallow hard and, despite myself, my eyes were drawn down to her body again.
She let her arms fall back down and her stomach was covered back up by her shirt. With one last glance at her hips and those little shorts showing off her thighs, I snapped my gaze back up.
"You don't have to worry, your girlfriend isn't here to stop you from looking now..." Her voice was soft, encouraging, but a little condescending. She toyed her fingers on the hem of her shorts, traced the skin of her legs delicately and pulled up the cloth ever-so-slightly. "What is it you like best?" she inquired innocently.
Now, I was pretty nervous at this point. This smoking-hot girl was flirting with me. I didn't know how or why it was happening. For whatever reason, maybe nerves, maybe something else, I tried to diffuse the situation by...flirting back. "Well uh, I like the socks," I smiled, trying to sound light-hearted.
"Oh?" she piqued up, enthused. She started walking forward toward me. I instinctively took a couple steps back, but the room wasn't that big and I was already backed against the sink. "What about them do you like?"
She was right next to me now. My mouth felt dry as I started to wonder where this was going. She put one of her feet up on the toilet seat and ran her hand along the length of her raised leg. "Well?" she insisted.
"Um, I dunno, they're uh..." I dragged my eyes across the length of her leg, now so close to me. She kept tracing her fingers casually along her skin, which looked so soft and perfectly smooth. I could see even more of her thigh as her shorts rode up a bit from the position she was standing in. "They're uh, cute I guess..."
"Mmm," she hummed. "I think so too. But are they only cute?" Somehow her question beckoned me to look straight at her. Her eyes were piercing as she added, "Or are they sexy too?"
I scoffed out a little laugh at her audacity. Still trying to play it cool, I agreed, "Yeah, that too."
"I'm glad you think so. I wore them for you... You always come on a Friday..."
My heart was thumping in my chest and I was suddenly aware of my growing erection. I looked over at the door and realized that I really needed to get out of there. No man takes this long to piss, you know? But as if realizing my growing anxiety, she grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her propped-up leg.
I took a sharp intake of breath and glared at her. "W-what are you...?"
Despite my reluctance, my hand had a mind of its own. I didn't pull away; I gingerly caressed her perfect leg. Her eyes fluttered a little bit and she let out a little sigh as I touched her. My hard-on grew.
"I uh, I need to- to go now..."
"Shh," she smiled at me. She leaned her head in closer. Part of me tried to shy away, but there was no more room to back up. For a brief second I thought she was going to try and kiss me, but at the last moment she moved her lips right to my ear, and ever so softly whispered, "She doesn't have to know..."
My mind was torn. Half of me was screaming,Please, let me get the fuck out of here... The other half was shouting,Please, let her fuck me now...
I was massaging the underside of her thigh, subconsciously inching my way up closer to her ass. For her part, she was gently thrusting her hips forward, giving me a better chance to do so. I shut my eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get control of myself. Just as I felt some resolve coming back to me, there was then a pressure pushing against my raging-hard cock.
I grunted, "Christ!" as my eyes flew open and looked down to see her hand begin to massage my hard-on through my pants.
"Mmm, you know better," she purred, "It'sAlyssa."
"A-Alyssa, I- I can't do this. I, uh, I have a girlfriend!" I finally managed to take my hand off her leg. I used my other hand to grab her wrist and pull her off my package. She mewed a little pout.
"Don't you want it?"
I put my hands on her hips to push her back, but being afraid to grip her too hard, she slithered her body down a little bit and made my hands glide up under the sides of her shirt. I found myself cupping those sexy curves where a girl's stomach turns inward, scrunching her shirt up to show off her belly again.
For a brief second I faltered, my lust for her body getting the better of my senses. She noticed and slid her body right up to mine. My hands ran along the length of her sides and up onto her back. She pushed her waist into mine, forcing more pressure on my throbbing dick. Her hands found their way to my ass and she grabbed on, pulling me into her even more. I heard the sweet sound of a girl's anticipating moan creep out of her lips.
I knew this was bad; that I shouldn't want it. But the incredible feeling of this sexy young body eagerly pushing against me was enough to make any man second-guess his morals. My cock was stimulated enough now that any sensation rubbing through my pants caused my body to tremble. She felt this and rubbed her hips against me in tiny little thrusts to tease pleasure out of me. Despite my best intentions, I felt myself push back into her.
Rational thought was almost completely gone as I continued to hold her, my hands still resting on her back. She angled her head down and I felt her hot breath along my neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of her hair, briefly intoxicating me, and then let out a quiet groan as I felt her warm tongue run up the base of my neck and end with a slow kiss to my jaw.
Some desperate part of me tried to make another effort to halt things. "Don't... Stop..."Obviously my subconscious would have no part in it.
She pulled her head back and stared right into my eyes, a victorious and anticipating gleam shining on her face. "Don't worry," her lips curled up, "I won't..."
Her back arched away from me a little bit and she slid her hands from my ass around to the front of my jeans. Her fingers began to deftly work my belt. There was no hiding the obvious tent I was pitching, and admittedly I was dying to let it be free. My hands had run down to the small of her back due to her changed position. I gawked, seemingly helplessly, as her hands worked my belt undone and went for my fly. Because she was still leaning back, her shirt kept riding up, exposing her exquisite stomach. Her little shorts were pulled down just a fraction, but I could still see more of her lower abdomen than ever before. They were so low, so tantalizingly close to exposing so much more...
I didn't even realize during my lustful gaping that one of my hands had found its way to her ass, gently squeezing her pert, tight backside. The button on my jeans was undone now. She pushed one of her hands up onto my stomach under my shirt, almost completely exposing my pelvic region. I'm ticklish there, and normally I probably would have laughed at the touch, but now it only shot jolts of pleasure between my legs.
My zipper was down. Her other hand grabbed the waist of both my jeans and boxers in the front, and then slowly started to pull them down. Both of us were watching my cock, waiting for it to spring out. I'm not sure which one of us wanted it to happen more. Everything was such a rush; thoughts barely even had time to form in my mind before instinctual lust overwhelmed them.
My pubic hair was being revealed, then the very base of my hard-on. It was pointing down, and the feeling of my clothes rubbing against it as they were pushed along was electrifying. I shut my eyes, experiencing the feeling of passing the point of no return. It was that sensation of when you hesitate at an amber light when driving, then at the last minute, when you damn well know it's too late to even think about making it, you floor it just as it turns red.
Then we heard the door.
Someone was tentatively opening it from the outside. I just about jumped out of my skin, realizing Alyssa hadn't locked it after she snuck in. She stopped tugging at my clothes and, eyes shooting wide open, flipped around and stopped the door from opening more than just a few inches.
My senses came flooding back to me at that moment. I shook my head, jerked my pants back up to my waist, and frantically started putting myself back into order. Alyssa's voice was smiling as she answered whoever was on the other side of the door.
"Oh, sorry! I'm just..." A brief pause... "...cleaning the facilities up. There was an accident." She pulled it off so naturally; her voice was coy and flirtatious, completely covering up any awkwardness she was feeling with the embarrassing excuse. I heard some male voice on the other side apologize quickly and shuffle off. For some reason, I realized part of me feared that it was Kristen who was barging in on us. A wave of relief washed over me.
Alyssa shut the door and spun around. She had this wild glint in her eye, something that indicated she had no intention of stopping. But just then I could see a faint sense of disappointment cloud her face. She realized I was completely dressed again and thinking at leastsomewhat clearly.
"Aww," she pouted, "What are you doing?" She tried to put on the "poor cute girl" face as she jutted her lower lip out. But at the same time, she was sheepishly pulling her shirt up just under her breasts, seemingly innocuously but knowing full-well by now that I loved to see the long stretch of her stomach. For a moment I thought I might be getting free of my erection, but I felt myself starting to harden right back up.
"I can't- I can't do this... I mean, I'm uh- flattered but... you know, I just..." I was practically stuttering. I moved closer to her in attempt to get her away from the door. She didn't budge. Instead she backed up against it as much as she could and spread her legs out as if she was going to barricade it with her body. She wore an impish smile as she did it, as if daring me to try and move her.
I was afraid to touch her body for the simple reason that I might lose myself in lust again. Nevertheless I tentatively placed my hands on her waist, making sure to only touch her shorts and not her skin, and tried to pull her to the side of the door. She responded by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling her body into mine, as if leaping into a hug.
I felt her body knowingly push into my cock, which was screaming for attention again, and then heard her murmur in a little girl's voice, "Do you want me to beg...?"
Oh god. I don't know why, but that was so fucking sexy. For a second I actually felt weak in the knees. But I was so close to the door, the urgency of escape still in my mind. "Uh, you don't- um, just- please, I can't..."
I managed to push her off my body, although her hands dropped down and grabbed playfully at the waist of my pants. Completely desperate now and not thinking about how any of this might look, I grabbed the door handle and jerked at it, propping it open. Mercifully, Alyssa finally let go of me.
I didn't even look back to see the expression on her face. As soon as I slipped out the door, I shut it behind me. I took a deep breath and started walking down the long aisle of cars to return to Kristen. My face was beet red; I couldn't help but to think everyone knew I was in there with some waitress. Realizing I still had the remains of an intense hard-on, I stuffed my hands in my pockets to try and mask it.
I finally reached my car and shuffled myself inside. Kristen was looking at me a little dubiously. "Get lost?"
My eyes frantically darted out all vantages of our windows, making sure there was no way she could see the bathroom from where we parked. Once I realized she couldn't, I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Uh, they were cleaning it out when I got there," I chuckled, trying to sound natural.
"Ew," she giggled.She bought it!
For a minute I thought I might be home-free. Then it dawned on me; I hadn't paid for the meal yet. My heart sank. What would Alyssa say? How was she going to react? Kristen was trying to tell me some story, but I could hardly pay attention as my nerves rattled on edge.
At last I saw Alyssa walking down the aisle, coming towards us with a bill in hand. I watched her in a completely different light. Before, I just admired a great-looking girl. Now? All I could see was a sizzling nymph that tried to break me. Fuck me, but it just made her hotter.
She came up to my window andthankfully acted completely natural. I wordlessly handed her my credit card, forcing a smile but pleading with my eyes for her to keep her mouth shut. She briefly left to a register to run the card, then returned with the receipt. She handed it to me with a pen to sign.
As I took it, I swallowed hard as I read the bill. In the line where you normally write in the tip,she had written in: "Think of me tonight," followed by a little heart. I felt my face start to redden and I scribbled my signature as fast I could, handing the receipt back and praying Kristen didn't try to look at it.
She took it with a smile and told us to have a great night. As she said it, she gave me a very subtle wink. Just as I saw it, I felt my cock stir again. I thanked her, started the car, and drove the fuck out of there.

II

That night, Kristen and I fucked. It was pretty damn good, but you know the problem. The whole time, I was thinking of Alyssa. I had been trying to put her out of my mind all evening, but that was just impossible. Images of her body were seared into my eyelids; I saw her every time I so much as blinked.
In bed with Kristen, the lights were off. I closed my eyes anyway. I ran my hands all over her body, but in my mind, it was Alyssa's. I tried to imagine every curve of her that I had seen and felt. Sure, I felt guilty about it. I mean, it wasn't the first time I had ever thought about somebody else; who hasn't? But this was different. This was morereal. What's worse is that I fantasized about myself giving in.
First I pictured us never being interrupted, and that she pulled my dick out and jerked me off until I had to have her. Then I imagined us still being interrupted, but me not getting my senses back. I thought about her hot little body turned away from me as she bullshitted that customer away. What I would've done to just drop my pants and step up to her, pushing her against the door, thrusting myself against that pert ass.
All these images and more were flashing through my mind as I fucked my girlfriend with a passion. When I finally came, I remembered her note on the receipt,think of me, and had a hugely guilty but amazing orgasm.
The next morning while I was in the shower, I couldn't help replaying the events in my mind. It didn't take long before I was extremely horny and had to stroke myself off right there. Kristen opened the bathroom door at some point and asked if I was okay because I was taking so long. I felt embarrassed at my behavior, but I still couldn't stop myself.
Alyssa was a constant fantasy of mine for the next week and a half or so. Nevertheless, I vowed to not let myself go to that restaurant again any time soon if I could help it. While some depraved part of me was desperate to go see her again and find out if she would try to seduce me once more,and man it was tempting, I knew it was a terrible idea. Despite my fantasies, I realized I was lucky to have gotten away with what I did.
At first I tried to rationalize that Alyssa had made all the moves on me. I was the victim! But deep down I had to admit that I liked it; that I wasthis close to giving in. And even though I didn't, I wasn't sure anymore how many times I had fantasized that Idid.
Anyway, I was determined to just squelch it out as a naughty dream and move on with my life.
She had other ideas.
I was at work, busying myself away at my desktop. The little "new mail" icon pops up in the corner of my screen. I click on it.Missed you last weekend. What is this? My first reaction is that it's spam, but almost none of that ever gets through the filters at the job, so I click on it.
Missed you last weekend. I even wore my socks for you again. XOXO.
Oh shit. It was fromher. And there were pictures already displaying in the message body. I don't know if she took them with a digital camera or a webcam or what. But the first was her in the same outfit she wore that one day, short shorts and long socks. She had this really girlish pose with her hands behind her back. I scrolled down. The same thing, but now her hands were stretched up, exposing her tummy.
Scroll. She's facing away from the camera, pulling her shirt up; it's almost completely off. My dick is swelling. Next picture: her shirt if off, she's not wearing a bra, but her back is still to the camera. I can tell one of her arms is draped across her chest to cover her tits; her head is turned so I can see her smiling seductively at me.
My phone rings. I actually jump in my seat it startles me so bad. Without thinking, I delete the email straightaway. My hands are sweating and I feel like my boss is on the other side of the line, and he's about to fire me for downloading teen porn at work. I pick up the phone and it turns out to be nothing, just a co-worker asking some inane question.
After I hung up, I just sat at my desk for a couple minutes, breathing hard. How the hell did she get my email address? Who the hell does she think she is, sending that shit here? How many photos did she attach anyway? What could I have seen if I had kept scrolling...? Why did I have to delete it so fast; maybe I could've saved those pictures...
I tried to get a handle on myself. Attempting to clear my head, I went back to work. For awhile it was a lost cause: my mind obviously racing and, to be honest, in the gutter. Maybe an hour later I had actually managed to get it out of my thoughts when another email came. My heart leapt in my throat.
Hi Sexy, did you get my pictures? I skimmed over the message; there were no images this time (both to my relief and... utter disappointment). The message didn't say much. Some,I've been thinking of you and shit. Really she just wanted me to reply to her. At the end of it she put her phone number. I scribbled it down and deleted the email.
As excited as I was, I got to admit I was freaking out about this happening at work. Photo attachments, and now message bodies with suggestive language in it. If anybody happened to be running profanity filters or email surveillance on the employees, I could be in deep shit. Maybe I was being paranoid. Hell, I know I was. But forgive me if I'm not used to it.
I decided I would call her and firmly let her know that nothing was going to happen between us. I felt particularly emboldened by the fact that it would be over the phone and she wouldn't be able to use her wiles to try and charm me in person.
Wanting some privacy, I went outside to the parking lot and called her on my cell.
"Hello?" a girl answered.
"Hi, is this uh, Alyssa?" Great, I realized I felt like a nervous kid.
"Oh, you called!" I heard her chirp happily.
"Yeah, uh, look... You need to, um, you can't send me emails..."
"Why not?"
"What? I mean, how did you even get a hold of it..."
"I just googled your name," she said it so matter of fact. For a moment I was bewildered as to how she even knew my full name, but then I realized she has seen it plenty of times on my credit card.
"Okay, um, I'm flattered and everything but, this has got to stop."
"Why, didn't you like the pictures?"
"Yea-uh..." I cut myself off. I can't believe I blurted out a yes.
"Ooh! Which was your favorite?"
I sighed. "I deleted them. I can't look at that stuff at work!"
"Aww, but youdid want to..."
This was not going as well as I planned. "Alyssa, this can't go on- I mean, it's not going anywhere..."
"Why not? Aren't you attracted to me?" she pouted.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot, big deal. I have a-"
She interrupted me. "So what's the problem? You seemed pretty interested in the bathroom... Ifelt it!" She giggled a little at that.
"That was, uh..." I was completely faltering now.
"I saw the way you looked at my body. My legs... my stomach... There is so much more for you to see too..."
"I- I can't..."
"And I felt how you touched me...Mmm, I have been thinking about it. The way you rubbed my thigh, and how you squeezed my ass..."
Hearing her talking about it was making me so fucking hard. She wasn't even in front of me and I felt like she was working me under her spell again. And she didn't let up.
"There's more of me to touch though... And I definitely want to finish what I started.Mm- I have been thinking about it a lot. It wassuch a tease to only see a little bit of it... but I could tell it wasso hard! Is it... hard right now?"
Fuck yes it is! "Uh, god, what can I- uh- say to convince you..."
"Hmm, did you think about me that night?" she interjected suddenly.
"What?!" I exclaimed, knowing full well what she meant.
I heard her gasp over the phone. "Ooh, you did, didn't you? Did you... touch yourself when you were thinking about me?"
"Uh, no!" I stammered. This was completely out of control.
"What were you... oh gosh! Were youfucking your girlfriend and you thought of me?" I could tell she was bristling with excitement.
"Alyssa, I- I just called to tell you..."
"God, that's hot. You're not even trying to deny it!"
I was completely flustered. "No! I- this is done! I mean, it never started!"
Ignoring me completely, "I don't know why you're getting soexcited... I just want to make you feel good..."
"Well, you can't!"
She sighed over the phone and there was a short pause. "So, you don't want to touch me again?"
Finally, I was getting somewhere! "No!"
"You don't want to finish what we started?" she hummed.
"No!"
"Aww, that's so...disappointing! But, you have my number if you change your mind."
"I- I'm not- That's not gonna happen."
She completely blew me off, "Think of me again tonight," she purred.
Before I could say anything else, I heard the static go out as she ended the call. Totally flustered, I just stood there in the parking lot, my heart racing. I felt like a complete idiot for letting her run the conversation like that. But damn,the way she talks... Although on some level I was already aware that I had a raging hard-on for most of the conversation, I was now acutely conscious of the fact that I had one at work.
I stuffed my hands in my pockets and decided to take a walk around the building to try and relax. It was a useless exercise. The entire time I was thinking about Alyssa. I tried to remember how those pictures looked. I replayed our exchange over and over. The sound of her young, sexy voice... Taunting me about our close encounter... Fuck. I realized I was actually stroking myself a little in my pockets.
I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to think of a mountain of boring paperwork to settle myself down. Marching back into the building (hands stillcasually in my pockets), I returned to my office and tried to get back to work. There was no hope for me though.
Alyssa's body and voice dominated my mind. I was abuzz with nervous energy. I went to the bathroom. Good, nobody was there. I slid into a stall and, for the first time in my life, desperately jerked off in a public place. Everything about it felt so wrong; that I was at work doing it, that I was thinking about another girl... that I was thinking about a girl that was practically begging me to cheat with her.
I closed my eyes and imagined myself caving in to her seduction. How bad I wanted to give in to that young temptress right then... Oh fuck, before I knew it, I was coming hard. I actually groaned out loud a little bit. When I calmed down, my face flushed crimson with shame and embarrassment.
At least I took the edge off. I was able to be moderately productive for the rest of the day. But every time I noticed I got an email, and every time my phone rang, my heart skipped a beat. I feared, and admittedly hoped, that it was Alyssa hassling me again. Yet she didn't make any other attempt to contact me. I wondered if I had gotten through to her.
Any hope I had of pushing her out of my head was a pipedream though. Once again she had told me to think of her. I knew that night that I would be.

III

That weekend, Kristen suggested we hit up the burger joint. I had enough good sense to say no, despite any forbidden fantasies I maintained of giving Alyssa another opportunity to seduce me. In spite of my attempts to keep out of trouble, I found myself wading in it the following week.
Alyssa still had not attempted to contact me again, and for awhile I thought she had given up. I even managed to gonearly a whole day at work without my imagination drifting off to her image. I was leaving the office and just walking out to the parking lot when I heard a familiar voice. Yes, the same one that had been haunting my fantasies.
"Fancy seeing you here!"
I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around. Yep, there she was. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans that clung to her hips perfectly and a little tank-top that didn't come down too far. It showed off so much of the lower part of her navel that I wondered if she was completely shaven downstairs. I managed to drag my eyes up her tight body and meet her smirking gaze.
"No burger last weekend?" she frowned a little.
I suppressed a guilty smile and quickly turned away from her, doing my best to home in on my car. "I gotta go," I tried.
She trotted up to try and keep pace with me as I walked away from her. "Aw, what's the rush?"
"Look, I told you already. I- I'm not available."Keep walking.
"Just one sec! I only want to show ya something..." she pleaded behind me.
Show me what? Some more of your hot little body? "Not interested."Almost to my car.
Then I heard it. It was a little fuzzy, but I knew instantly what it was.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot..." The bitch had recorded our conversation. I stopped walking, but I didn't turn around. Suddenly my heartbeat was in my temples. I was desperately trying to remember what I had said on the phone to her. Did I say anything stupid? Something that would get me in trouble? All I could remember was her dominating the conversation...
She casually walked in front of me, cocky little look on her pretty face. She was holding a small recorder up which was playing segments of our conversation; just the bits that make me look like a horny asshole. After a minute she clicked it off. I blinked at her.
"W-what do you want?"
"I just wanna talk to you," she said sweetly.
"Well, we're uh- we're talking now."
She put her hands on her hips and gave me an indignant look. I swallowed hard as the pose forced me to look at her waist and see the soft, smooth skin that was shown off. "I didn't mean in a parking lot!"
I rolled my eyes. "Well there's nowhere else here; we'renot going in my office!"
"How about my place?" her eyes sparked.
Oh god, hell yes... "Uh- N-no," I stuttered.
She held up the tape again. "Okay, how about you drive me home." I was about to demur but she cut me off. "It's not far... We can talk on the way, and once we get there, you can have the tape. No tricks!" she smiled.
Now, I didn'tknow if she would actually try to show the tape to Kristen somehow. Even then, I didn'tknow if I would necessarily be incriminated. Looking in hindsight, I probably could have weaseled my way through this situation better. But at the time, I was panicking; "thinking clearly" was not in the cards. I reluctantly agreed.
Once we were in the car, she started up again. "Ooh, I've never beenin the car before. I only got to see from the outside! So this is what it's like to be your girlfriend." Her voice was innocent but sharp; she knew she was toying with me.
"You're uh- you're not my girlfriend," I flatly replied.
She gave a little pout and sat cross-legged in the seat. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, subtly trying to watch her legs as they shifted into position.Mm, flexible.
"That's just the thing... All I want is to have a little fun..." She dragged out the wordfun as coyly as possible. "Nobody has to know... Like a little fling on the side!"
My palms were already sweaty gripping the wheel. I was trying to focus on being pissed off at this girl, but I couldn't help my ego that loved being propositioned by this sexy thing.Just don't get hard... "I'm not going to- to uh, cheat on her."
"Turn left up here," she instructed. "Besides, you're not married or anything. Maybe she'd even like it!"
I wish! "Not gonna happen." I tried to keep my eyes looking forward.Don't look at her sultry smile.
She let out a long sigh. "It's so sad when people are so...possessive!I mean, it'sobvious that you want to! I do too! What's the big deal?"
I just shook my head.
"Right up at the next light." She reached her left hand out and started fiddling with the radio. I didn't think much of it until she dropped her hand back down and it landed on my thigh. I jumped in my seat at the touch, which just caused her to squeeze a little and massage my leg as if to calm me down. "Relax!" she giggled.
My dick was semi-hard, but not so erect that she could see it. The sudden touch shot instant life into it. Keeping one hand on the wheel, I batted away her arm, but it was too late.
"Ooh!There it is!" she squealed in joy; immediately shooting her other hand out to cop a feel of my hard-on through my slacks. She moved so fast that I couldn't stop her. The feeling of her gripping my cock made me squirm in my seat, both in discomfort and pleasure; it was all I could do to keep enough composure and stay in my lane.
"C-cut it out!" I blurted. She slithered her hands away, feigning remorse, but she was biting her lower lip and batting her eyes in a way that said:Got you, and you liked it.
"It's just up here," she pointed. It was a small apartment complex.
Finally. She showed the way to her building and I parked. My dick had calmed down a little, but not much. I turned to her and stuck out my hand. "Okay, I drove you here."
She took the recorder out of her purse and popped out the tape, handing it to me. "See? You can trust me!"
"Uh huh," I snatched it out of her hand.
"So, want to come in?" she beamed.
"Uh, nope."
She frowned. "Fine, I tried." She opened the door and started to get out. "But I have a confession..."
"Yeah?"Get on with it and get out.
"Well... I still have two more copies of the tape..." Her eyes flickered at me as she swung the door closed.
Fuck! "What! Hey, wait!" She was ignoring me, walking up to her door. I got out of my car and called at her again. "What are you trying to pull here?"
She spun around and tilted her head low, eyes shifting up to stare at me. "Nothing! If you want the other two copies, come in and get 'em!" She turned again and started walking; slow, leisurely steps that she accented by really swaying her ass side to side.
Anger started to boil inside me. "And if I don't?"
Without facing me, she nonchalantly replied, "Who knows who mightaccidentally hear it..." She unlocked her door and opened it, sliding inside. The door swung closed, but not so far that it latched. She was beckoning me in. I stood there for a moment, my heart racing. Everything was shouting at me to get out of there. I could explain all this to Kristen somehow... Maybe... Maybe not.
I needed to get those tapes. I was going inside just to do that. No ulterior motives. Not to see her room. Not to see her body. Not to give in to what promised to be explosive, mind-blowing sex. I took a deep breath and entered her apartment.

IV

I came in and shut the door behind me. Her place looked pretty small. I didn't see her anywhere, but I heard her voice call to me from what I'm sure was the bedroom. "Change your mind?" The way she said it let me know it wasn't really a question.
I spoke up from the entryway, afraid to go any further. "Look, I- I just want the- uh- the tapes. Come on I- I mean..." I was suddenly feeling very hot. My eyes were darting all over the place, in the vain hope that the tapes would be sitting out in the open. They weren't.
"They're in here!" she sang.
An involuntary shudder ran through my body. I was so fucking nervous. I tentatively walked up to the doorway and peeked in. Her room wasn't very big. It only had a small window, and she pulled the curtains over it so no light was coming through. There were a couple lava lamps in the room which gave it a soft, colorful glow.
"Alyssa I- We're uh, not going to... to do anything. I told you..."
She came to the door and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the room. She kicked the door shut behind us, closing off the light coming from the rest of the apartment. Only the radiance of the lamps lit the room. "I'm not here to force you into anything," she purred.
Bullshit. "Um, I'm not exactly here by- uh- choice."
She pulled the chair out from by her computer. I noticed a webcam and was distinctly aware that this is where she must have taken those pictures... She half-indicated, half-pushed me into the seat.
"We won't do anything you don't want. I just want to...show you what you're missing out on..."
Gulp. She moved away from the seat and clicked her stereo on. It was turned pretty low, but I could tell it was some sexy song. Then her hips started to move. A little to the left, a little more to the right... Oh god, she was going to dance.
She moved slow, but all her gestures were exaggerated. Every movement of her arms, her stomach, her ass, her legs; my eyes were glued to her body.
"You just watch, then I'll give you what you want," she drew out those last words.
"The uh, tapes?"
"If that's what you want when I'm finished..." she smiled.
She knows exactly what I'll want...
So she kept dancing. Both my hopes and fears were realized when she started to pull her shirt up.Striptease. I rubbed my forehead in disbelief, not knowing how to react. Part of me was furious; with her as much as myself. But another part of me was, well... hard-up.
Her shirt was bunched up to her bra now, showing off all of her lean stomach. She arched her back to accentuate her features and slithered around in front of me, running her fingers along her abdomen. She twirled away from me and shook her ass slowly as she pulled the shirt up further and off her body, throwing it off to the side. I was breathing slowly, watching her smooth back in anticipation. She was still wearing a bra but... oh fuck, just turn around.
She did, and I stared at her perky tits, my lips feeling dry as I gawked at her cleavage. Her body continued to sway. I can't remember if she was really that good of a dancer, or if I was just that hypnotized by her body, but at the time, good lord she could move.
Her hands moved to her jeans and began to unfasten them. My cock was aching in my slacks. How bad I wanted to stroke myself as I watched her. God, I felt so guilty about the whole thing. I kept trying to tell myself,once she's naked, once the dance is over, I'll get the tapes and leave. This isn't wrong. But I don't think I believed myself too much.
She twirled her body and spun in slow circles as she gradually pushed her jeans down, revealing her ass and thighs in a tiny pair of panties. As I was sitting in the chair, I had my hands covering my blatant erection, trying my best to hide it, but I was fidgeting like crazy with my fingers. I kept pushing my wrists down on myself to try tease out a little stimulation. Each time I did, I felt terrible, but I wanted more.
She kicked her pants off and was now only in her underwear. Her body kept on moving to the music; the shadows of the lamps played off her body and made her look more exotic than ever. She propped up one of her legs on the bed and bent over it, running her hands and body up along its length. I watched with hunger, recalling the memory of when I rubbed that sexy thigh when this all started. Her hands traced up her stomach and behind her shoulders. They were going for the bra clasp on her back.
She unfastened it and let the straps on her shoulders fall loose, but one hand kept it in place on her breasts. I think my eyes were starting to sting a little bit for lack of blinking. Her lips, which had for the better part of this dance been pursed in a seductive smile, were now hanging open a little bit. Jesus, she looked so raw, so inheat.
Moving her leg off the bed, she turned away from me again and went to a shelf. She casually moved her arms so the bra fell to the floor in front of her. I was watching so intently, gaping at her naked back, that I didn't even realize that while my right hand held my left wrist, I was playing with myself through my slacks with my left hand.
She reached over and grabbed something from behind the shelf. Her hand pulled back and I knew she was positioning her arm across her chest. Turning to me, she displayed a little tape in her hand. She took a few steps forward, ever so slowly, until she was in right front of me. The arm that held the tape still draped over her chest. "So, do you want it?" she asked hotly.
"Um, yeah," I uttered out. She was standing over me now, almost completely naked. I could really smell the perfume on her skin. I was tempted to just reach out and grab her body to pull it into the chair with me. It looked so luscious, just posing for me there.
"But...what do you want?" she chewed her lip a little.
"Um, the- the uh..." My mouth was dry. I couldn't find the words, but I was gesturing towards the tape.
"Oh, all you want is this?" she smirked, and held the tape out in front of me. I paid absolutely zero attention to it. Stretching out her arm completely revealed her breasts. My eyes widened as I took them all in. I remember thinking they were completely perfect, and being so fucking turned on because her nipples were hard. Knowing she was aroused only made me that much hornier.
She made a soft little moan and ran her free hand up to one of her tits, holding and squeezing it a little. "Or... do you want this?"
Her body leaned in over me. She put one of her knees on the chair and pushed up right against my body. I pulled back as far as I could in the seat, but she kept coming closer. She pushed her chest to my face while she ran the hand with the tape down to my slacks. She deftly slid it into my pocket, pressing her thumb against the base of my cock through my pants at the same time.
I gasped in pleasure at the touch and she tilted toward me more, holding her breast right in front of my face. "I'm a good girl..." she cooed, "You don't have to choose between me and the tape... You can have both..."
My mind was racing so fast that my thoughts just sounded like a high-pitch whir whistling in my ears.
"Why not just a taste... It wouldn't hurt anybody..." She leaned in closer. I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was gently kissing her nipple and running my tongue over it. She let out a soft moan that only encouraged me to continue. I was in heaven; I wasn't thinking at all. My hands raised and found her ass and lower back. How many times had I jacked off to the idea of touching her smooth skin again...
A chime went off somewhere in the apartment. My eyes shot open and suddenly I had something resembling clarity of thought.Oh fuck, what am I doing?"What time is it?" I blurted out, sliding my hands to her hips and pushing her back a little.
She let out a little scoff, completely pissed that the clock broke her spell. She leaned back and looked behind her. The clock on her stereo showed 6:00.Where the fuck has the time gone? I was so caught up in my own anxiety that I didn't realize how late it was getting. I'm always home before Kristen...
"Oh Jesus I- uh, okay. You um, you gave me one but... You said- uh, I could get both... I need to- to go..." I sputtered, trying to get a hold on the situation.
She stood in front of me, her chest heaving a bit from her heavier breathing. "I still haven't showed you everything..." she insinuated, running her fingers along the inside of her thighs and up along her panties.
"Fuck I- I don't have time... Kristen-er... My girlfriend will wonder..."
"Justcall her, silly! Tell her you got caught up at the office..."
It sounded like a perfectly good idea. I'd like to even think that, at least at that one moment, I thought it was a good idea because I still needed to get one more tape. Truth is, despite my sudden alert nature, my dick hadn't forgotten about this gorgeous girl in front of me. Even so, I tried to get some control over the situation.
"If I call her... You'll- you'll give it to me right?"
Her face broke into an open-mouthed smile. "Oh I'llgive it to you..."
I closed my eyes in frustration. "The... the tape..."
"Of course... I wouldn't lie to you..."
I dug my cell out of my pocket, opening my eyes to dial. For some reason I thought if I focused completely on the phone, maybe Alyssa would give me some space. She didn't. I knew her hot body was standing right at the periphery of my vision, calling my eyes to soak it up. I dialed my girlfriend's number.
"You can tellKristen I said hi..." she whispered as I brought the phone to my ear. I gave her a distraught look, as if to say, shut the fuck up! But it wasn't much use. Her coy smile was impervious to my distress, and my eyes dropped down to scan her naked tits anyway.
Kristen picked up the phone. "Hey... I'm uh- I'm being held up at work today..."
"Aw, what for? They never keep you..." she inquired.
"I know but... the uh, network exploded and we we're two hours behind on a deadline and..." My mind was wandering, trying to think up something plausible that she wouldn't ask questions about.
Alyssa was stretching her arms above her head and clasping her hands; swaying her body around in a little dance as she stretched and showed off her curves. I shut my eyes to tried and ignore her. The next thing I knew, I felt her breath on my neck. She had leaned right up next to me, one hand on the chair, another on my throbbing hard-on, and gave me a slow, sultry kiss on the neck.
My voice cracked at the sudden touch and my eyes blasted open to see her practically climbing onto me. I can't remember what Kristen was saying, but she started sympathizing with me and telling me some story about how her day sucked too. I feebly tried to push Alyssa away, all the while biting my tongue, but the more I tried, the more she rubbed a hand against my cock. I tried shifting my weight, but it only made me gasp in pleasure.
"Are you okay?" Kristen paused in her story.
"Uh- yeah. Sorry I'm just- I'm carrying a big box of- of shit right now..."
She seemed to accept the excuse. Alyssa hung her mouth open in fake-shock, and wagged her finger at me. She then moved it to her lips and gave me a silentshh... The gesture was unnerving, but at the same time it just made me really hot. I don't know why; maybe because she was being such a naughty tease about it all. But then she took it to another level.
She slid her body down again, this time bringing her lips to my cell-free ear. So,so quietly, she whispers, "Keep quiet, or I might pout... Wouldn't want her to hear me..."
The next thing I knew, she was down on her knees, between my legs, working on my slacks. I was petrified. Maybe I could have just gotten out of the damn chair. Who knows? I was afraid if I did something, Alyssa would make a noise and I'd be caught. Fuck it; I think it's obvious I was pretty far gone at that point anyway.
Kristen had wrapped up her story and was asking me how much longer I thought I'd be. I was actually dizzy from the stimulation at this point. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement or nerves. I don't know how Alyssa did it, but my dick had sprung free of my slacks and boxers without much effort. Had I lifted my hips up to help her pull my pants down some? I can't remember. It was probably instinct.
"Um, I don't know... Not- not too much longer I- oh..." I trailed off for a second, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I watched Alyssa's greedy, conquering smile as she eyed my exposed cock. Her fingers had tentatively wrapped around the base of it, which sent jolts of pleasure into my stomach. But then she leaned in and wrapped her mouth around the tip. Oh god, that hot young tongue swirled around me...
I grimaced, doing my best to keep quiet.
"Are you there...?" my girlfriend piped up.
Man, I don't know what I felt at the time. Maybe it was guilt. Maybe it was a rush of doing something so unforgivably wicked. "Sorry... Someone was uh, waving me down. I think I... I..."
Alyssa was slowly jacking the base of my erection as she attentively licked and sucked the rest of me; her hot little ass swaying as she worked, her eyes looking up at me and batting innocently.
"I can uh, blow off some of this and... come soon." Honestly. I wasn't trying to make it sound likethat.
Alyssa dragged her mouth off of me for a moment and gave me an astonished look, then silently mouthed,you bad boy! Then she licked under her teeth and started sucking me again.
Kristen finally let the conversation end and said goodbye. I clicked the phone off and literally dropped it to the floor, letting out a huge groan. "Oh fuck!"
Alyssa took me out of her mouth and kept jacking me as she licked the sides of my hard-on. Between running her tongue along me, she would murmur, "Mm, what's wrong baby?"
"Shit I- I can't believe this is...oh..." I moaned.
"Don't you like it?"
"God this is... this is so wrong..." I think I was talking to myself.
She stopped pumping me with her hands. "Tell me you like it..."
I was on the edge. Really, the only reason I hadn't blown my load yet was because I was concentrating on the phone. Alyssa's sudden decrease in stimulation drove my desire through the roof.
"What? I- come on!"
She placed her nails on the inside of my thighs and lightly raked down them, giving me a mischievous smirk. "Just be honest...tell me..."
"Fuck... ah- yes! Okay, I like it, okay..."
She gave a happy moan and brought her hands back to my cock. Leaning her lips back to it, she purred, "Tell me you need it..."
I admit it. I was desperate. She had me right where she wanted me. "I- I need it... please..."
She knew how to please. She took even more of me in than when she was teasing me before. Her palm was still wrapped around the base of it, squeezing and tugging just right as her hot breath covered the rest of me. It didn't take very long before I felt myself rising up and losing control. "Oh god, I'm- I'm going to..."
My whole body was tingling as I felt the wave rush through my body and between my legs. A huge burst came out of me as my climax started, and it shot into her mouth. I was shocked that she kept on me and tried to swallow it down. I was so fucking worked up though; I came more than she could handle and she had to pull off, catching the rest in her hands.
As my orgasm subsided, my head went limp against the back of the chair. I sighed hard, trying to catch my breath in that empty-headed state a man experiences after a hard come. After a few moments, my trance was broken by Alyssa.
"God that was...mm... So hot! I've been fantasizing about that for... ah, weeks..."
I watched her as she stood back up, smiling sweetly at me. I could still admire how awesome her body was, even though I was completely spent right then. Shortly thereafter, thoughts started slowly swimming back into my head, and I realized what had happened. A flood of guilt rose up in me and I quickly got up from the chair, re-fastening my pants.
"Oh man... Alyssa that was- I mean- that can't... I... It was a mista-..." I was rambling.
She didn't care. She walked over to a dresser and pulled a tape out from a drawer, holding it up, as if mocking me. "Hmm, was it worth it?"
I stepped closer to her and reached for it. She made no move to keep it away from me. As it dropped into my hand, she smiled, "Now you know what you're missing..."
I closed my hand around the tape and stood there for a moment, feeling completely dumbfounded. She ran her palms down her stomach, and I realized there was still some of my cum on her. Her lips pursed a little and she mused, "I'm alldirty..."
I took a step back as she moved toward me, but she just brushed her body against mine and passed right by, heading for the bedroom door. She opened it and looked back. "I'm going to take a shower... Feel free to join me..." With a little wink, she flipped back around and went into a side room in the hallway. I heard her turn the shower water on.
I stood there for another minute, wondering how in the fuck I had ended up in this situation. The shower water was still running, and I realized that by now she was in it. Did she really think I was going to join her? I quietly walked out of her room and paused briefly in front of the bathroom door. In spite of myself, I peeked in. I saw the panties that she had still worn the whole time on the floor. Her silhouette was blurred by the shower door. I could tell that she was running the water through her hair, stretching arms back and sticking out her chest. I admired the sight for a moment, then quickly moved on.
I quietly exited the apartment, got in my car, and pulled away. It wasn't until I was maybe half-way back to my place that I started registering thoughts again. Okay. I got all of the tapes. Good. Would she leave me alone now? Yeah right, she'll probably be encouraged now. Fuck, what have I done?
At some point it dawned on me that if she was clever enough to tape me on the phone, that she could just as easily have somehow recorded me in her bedroom... God, that would be a mess. What a fucking bitch! Who does she think she is, showing off that hot little body, blackmailing me all the while? I'm only a man for fuck's sake. Jesus... She made me come so hard. I can't believe I let her do that. Fuck.
I pulled up to my own apartment and turned off my car. I put my hands on my lap and closed my eyes. I was already hard again.

V

I was a mess for the next week or so. Constant anxiety and paranoia haunted me. Did Alyssa have any other tricks up her sleeve? Did she record me drooling over her striptease, then letting her suck me off while I lied to my girlfriend on the phone? Was she going to call me up and blackmail me again? What would she demand of me now?
It was so twisted. I never dreamed that I'd be manipulated by some hot woman in such a way. I couldn't decide what was worse: the guilt of going through with it, or the fact that it turned me on so much. It only made it that much naughtier that the girl who was playing me so bad wasyounger than me. I felt like such an idiot for letting her get away with anything, but man, it turned me on so goddamn much. Maybe because it was forbidden. Maybe because it was bad. Maybe because she was just too fucking hot. Whatever.
I felt like an asshole too because for all my shame, I could not, for the life of me, get her out of my head. How many times did I jack off recollecting her little striptease? Jesus, I was obsessing over her body. I was desperate even in my fantasies to run my hands along her skin and just fuckingtake her. I mean, shit, I know she wanted it. What I'd do to give in! Well... give in evenmore than I already had. Man, to get into those little panties...
The truth is, yeah, part of mewanted her to call me out again. I wanted that little bitch to push me further, make me give in. It was so goddamnwrong. Well, at least I thought that way in my horniest moments. Whenever I was thinking clearly, I was terrified of her and what she was doing to me.
Anyway. Whether I really wanted it or not, it came.
As I mentioned before, I typically get home before Kristen. It was the next Friday. Alyssa hadn't harassed me and, once again, I thought maybe she had gotten her fill of me. I had left work a little early and went straight home. I put the key in my door and swung it open.
What the fuck.
There she was, standing with her back against the opposite wall, looking right at me. Alyssa. I noticed right away that she was wearing a tiny skirt. It wasn't tight; it was the kind that would show her off to the world if the wind blew in the right way. In my complete bewilderment, I already caught myself lusting over her legs and thinking about that pussy that I had yet to see.Get a hold of yourself! What is she doing here? Get her the fuck out!
"Finally!" she chirped, smiling cutely and bending her knees a little at me.
I reeled my head. "What the- how the fuck did you get..." It didn't occur to me how she knew where I lived. All I cared about was getting her the hell away before Kristen got home. And, well... trying not to gawk at her sexy body...
She gave me a sarcastic look. "Don't pretend like you're not happy to see me..."
I balked, my eyes shooting all around, seeing if she had broken a window or something. Everything looked normal. "You- uh- get out!"
Her jaw dropped open as if she was appalled. "I wasmuch more gracious when you came over tomy place!"
I was pissed. I walked right up to her and grabbed her by the hips. If she wouldn't walk out, I would throw her ass out. But the second I grabbed her, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck. "Ooh! You wanna be aggressive?" she purred.
I tried to spin her around so I could push her out the door. Her body melted into mine, tangling her legs around me. Having her so close to me was exhilarating. As mad as I was, I had been hurting to be next to that body like a starving man. I started to grow hard despite my emotions.
"We're not doing this," I growled.
"What? We're not doing anything!" she pouted.
"Whatever you have planned!" I kept moving her toward the still-open door, but she snaked one of her arms behind her and closed it shut. The momentum of our movement caused us to crash into it, me pushing my body into hers against the door. It was so compromising. I didn't pull back right away. She held my eyes with a sultry stare, then moved forward to try and kiss me.
In my mind, I saw me leaning in and running my tongue in her mouth. But I managed to jerk my head back and stop her. She murmured a little pout. I grabbed the door handle and started to pull it open, even though she was still leaning against it and trying to keep it closed.
"Why do you keep fighting it?" she whispered as we struggled.
Because I have to! "Why won't you leave me alone?" I grunted.
I got the door open. She resisted the best she could but I was just stronger. Then her tone changed; she sounded desperate. "Wait! I have something you- you'll want to see!"
Oh shit, here it comes. I paused for a moment. "What is it now?" I practically growled.
"Let me get my purse! It's on your- your counter."
I let go of her and she effortlessly slid out of my grasp and passed by me into the kitchen. Now I was panicking. This had to be the new tape that I feared...
Shutting the door, I followed her back to the kitchen. She was standing by her purse, but something was different now. Her confident smile crept back into her lips. My heart started to sink. She just waited me out for a few seconds.
"Well?" I blurted out.
She ran her hands down to the hem of that little skirt and started pulling it up, inch at a time. I gawked in confusion as she revealed more thigh, more smooth skin, and then... oh fuck... she wasn't wearing anything under there...
I gazed like an idiot. She ran one of her fingers along her slit and brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it. My cock was screaming for attention now. This goddamn girl...
"Mm... Looks like you like it..." she chirped.
That snapped me out of my trance. "Uh- is... is that it?"
"It? I know this is what you wanted to see..."
I almost laughed from relief. I probably would have if I wasn't so confused, scared, and downright turned on. I took a step toward her, resolve showing again on my face. She dropped her skirt back down and dug into her purse before I got to her.
My stomach flipped over, fearing the worst again. I was completely stunned when she pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"I was afraid you might be difficult again," she said, almost condescendingly. The handcuffs dangled in one of her hands as she walked toward me.
"Uh you- we're not using- um..." My will was faltering. I should have just grabbed her ass and tossed her out; no more fucking around. But every second she stood there in front of me, my darker self was trying to claw its way out. Suddenly I had images of being cuffed to my bedpost; her tight body riding me against my will, making me come so hard...
But the image of my own bed reminded me of Kristen. What time was it? I probably had twenty minutes to... No,get her the fuck out of here!
I thought she was going to push her body into mine again, but at the last second, she slid past me. I gritted my teeth as her hip pushed against my obvious erection. She moved into the living room and put her back against a large support column that bordered the kitchen. If I had known her intention, I would have done something right then.
With her body pressed up against it, she wrapped her arms behind her, around the pillar. At first, I just thought she was posing for me again, her tits pressing out against the fabric of her shirt as her arms stretched behind her. Then I heard a click.Oh shit. Then I heard another one. She bit her lower lip and looked triumphantly at me.
She had handcuffed herself to the column.
"What... What the fuck are you doing!?" I think I sounded more amazed than pissed.
"Fair is fair!" she sang, smiling at me.
I shook my head, "What are you talking about?"
"Well... The way I see it;I made you come. Now it'syour turn!" She was shifting her weight around the column. It was obvious she wasn't kidding around; she was attached to it. Half of me was dumbfounded, thinking I was completely hosed once Kristen got home. The other half of me? Well, it saw a hot, seductive girl with a slutty little skirt tied up in front of me...
"You- uh- you... You gotta be... shitting me..."
With a sly grin, lips pursed shut, she slowly shook her head no.
My voice quavered. "Alyssa... I- My girlfriend will..."
"I already hid the key," she interjected. "Before you got home. You'll never find it. But... I'll tell you where it is once we're...even..."
I briefly scanned my surroundings and realized if she was telling the truth, she was right. There was no way I could find it. Not before Kristen got home. Did I have anything that could cut through the metal? No...God, what the fuck. My mind was completely fogged.
I at least rifled through her purse. It was small and had barely anything in it. There was no key. While I searched, I heard her cooing, "You're wasting your time..."
My senses were completely jumbled. I had entered the surreal. Moving to stand in front of her, I just looked on incredulously. She was just... so fuckin' fine. Her arms cuffed behind her. Her chest sticking out. Those legs... in that skirt... The look on her face was one of complete satisfaction and anticipation at the same time. She looked so helpless but... fuck, she was completely in control.
I was hard. Like,achinghard. Everything was so wrong but... Wow. My eyes dropped to her skirt and I thought about that naked pussy underneath. Was I actually going to do this? I pictured pulling my cock out, walking up to her, and just picking her up. Let her wrap her legs around me as I just rode her... She wouldn't be able to stop me. I could do whatever I wanted to her. I can't believe I'm thinking about fucking her... I need to get the key...
"Mm- Don't keep me waiting... Or do you like seeing me all tied up for you?"
"I can't believe this..." I mumbled to myself. I moved my hands to my belt and started to unfasten it.
Her eyes widened in delight. "Ooh!"
Closing my eyes in disbelief, I let my pants drop to the floor. Kicking them off, I moved close to her.
"Hmm... This isn't quite fair..." she mused.
I was right in front of her now, feeling animalistic. My hard-on was throbbing in front of her. I was inches from being underneath that skirt.
"I had to go down on myknees for you... I think you should... return the favor..." she smiled.
You've got to be kidding me. "Uh... W-what?" I croaked.
"Get me off like I got you off..." She gave me an open-mouthed smile and ran her tongue across the top of her teeth.
"You can't... be s-serious..."
She nodded coyly. "Or can you not help yourself? Are you going to... rape me? Do you want to take advantage of my cuffed little body?"
Fuck yes I do! I gritted my teeth at her comment, my body needing to be in hers.
"But... is it really rape if I want it? I can...pretend that I don't... that you're takingadvantage of me... Would that turn you on? I mean... that seems to beyour role; pretending you don't want it..."
I grabbed onto her legs and pushed her skirt up, taking a step closer. Everything she was saying... She was toying with me but, man, she knew how to make me hot. I slid my cock between her legs and it ran along the slit of her pussy. She made a slight sigh.
"You can fuck me... But I'm not telling you where the key is until I come off your tongue..." she whispered.
My breaths were shallow now. "You bitch," I cursed under my breath.
"Give me what I gave you... Unless youwant Kristen to see the kinky games you play with me..."
The mention of my girlfriend made my face turn red hot. I stole a glance at the clock and realized I was running out of time. Reluctantly, I sank down to my knees in front of her. Without any ceremony, I ran my hands up her thighs and pushed her skirt up, revealing her pussy to me once again. I leaned into her; she was already completely aroused.
I held my mouth in front of her glistening slit for a moment and just blew lightly on it. She moaned quietly and thrust her hips out to meet my face. That was it for me. I wrapped my hands around to her ass and pulled her into my mouth, running my tongue along her waiting sex. I was rewarded with a gasp. She was already so wet.
Abandoning all pretenses, I just dove into her. I did everything I could to give her pleasure. Honestly, I don't think I was doing it to get her to tell me where the key was. I genuinely was desperate to make this girl come. I didn't care about the humiliation of being on my knees, dick hanging out and crying for attention. All I cared about were her sexy moans and her delicious pussy.
"Oh... ah- you... you animal... fuck... suck me! Yeah- lick me!"
I followed her every command. Whenever she jerked or moved her hips in one direction, I did my best to focus my attention wherever she guided me with her body.
"Y-yeah...God! Oh- you're so- so good!Ah! Eat me you-mm- bastard... I've waited-oh! So long!"
She had one leg draped over my shoulder now. Her hips were bucking against my face. I felt her thighs trembling as she strained all her muscles. She was close. I didn't let up; I was going to make this little bitch come. My fingers dug into her skin as I pushed her into my face even deeper. Her dirty talk was reduced to incoherent sounds of pouts and moans.
Then it happened. Her voice cracked and suddenly she was quiet. Her entire body tensed up except for her hips, which she jerked up and down on my tongue in fast little thrusts. I tried my best to keep up with her, but I got lost in her pussy as it swelled with her juices as she came. I felt like I was practically drinking her.
Even as she calmed down, she kept wiggling on my tongue lazily, trying to squeeze out every last bit of her climax. Finally she exhaled loudly, "Fuck yeah..."
I pulled off of her and she relaxed her body. Wiping the wetness off of my mouth, I stood up wobbly and glared at her. Her face was flushed red and she was panting; a tired smile of total contentedness. My cock was standing at full attention, pre-cum dripping from my frantic lust.
She rolled her head at me and sighed, "It's in the pillowcase on the couch..."
Oh yeah... I was embarrassed; realizing all I was thinking about was how I could get off right then. I went to the couch and unzipped the first pillow; the key was right there. I snatched it out and immediately unlocked her cuffs. I admit I was half-way tempted to leave her there and take out my frustrations on her...
She pulled her free arms in front of her and rubbed her wrists a little. "So I guess we're even! I better leave. You know... so I'm not late for work." She was so nonchalant.
Her body turned from me and I watched her slink into the kitchen to grab her purse. She wiggled her ass at me. I saw that sexy behind shake beneath that skirt and felt my blood boil up in me. Then something inside me just...snapped.
She was facing the counter, putting the handcuffs back in her purse. I moved behind her and slid my still-hard dick under her skirt. A little "Oh..." escaped her lips. I didn't care what it meant. I pushed into her further and she spread her legs a little, pushing her ass out.
"I thought you wanted me to leave..." she said brashly.
I grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and found her wet pussy with the other. Then I callously thrust myself inside her. She let out a gasp and gripped the countertop.
"You fucking bitch," I hissed.
"Ah! I'm- I'm not making you- you..."
"You home-wrecking little-uh-slut!" She was still totally lubricated and I pumped in and out of her with ease.
"Mm... Ah! You-uh- you like it..." she panted.
"I fucking- ah- hate you!" It wasn't going to be long. I had been on the edge since I got down on my knees.
"Then why can't-uh! Can't you- you help yourself?" she gasped as I rode her. "You want me-oh- to be your- your slut? I'll be-ah! I'll be whatever you want..."
"I want-ugh-I want you outta my- my fucking life!"
"Ah! Yeah- you can't-mmph-can't even stay out of my- ah- my pussy!"
I was pushing myself as far into her as I could go, holding it a little each time I was buried in her up to the hilt of my dick. I was a man possessed.
"You- you need it...Ah! You need to come bad, don't you baby?" she grunted. "If you can- can stop yourself...Oh...I'll- I'll leave you alone..."
My mind was reeling.
"But-uh- if you come... If you unload in my little-ah- pussy...Mm-then you know-know you can't resist me..."
I slowed down my thrusts.Just pull out of her, idiot. Now is your chance! I couldn't quite will my body to stop.
"Yeah- just try and give up...Ah! I'll be whatever you want,oh- your little slut-on-the-side! Oh! You want that?"
Shut up! It was too much. She was so fucking bad. I felt myself hitting the point of no return.
"Ah! Fuck me! Fuck this naughty little pussy that-oh- that you thought you- you couldn't have... Give- ah-give in!"
That was it. My mind went blank as my climax took over. I started pumping streams of cum into her; filling her up. She pushed her ass into my pelvis as hard as she could, grinding a little to make me come even more. I had one hand on her hip, another on her shoulder, pulling her into me at the same time. I don't know if she said anything else while I was coming; I was lost in the feeling.

VI

What happened next was a blur. I remember her conquering, giddy smile. I tried to rush her out the door as fast as I could, but she was determined to be casual about it. She was completely cocky.
"You loved that, didn't you?" she insisted. "How long until you're going to be thinking about it again?"
I told her that she had to leave. I don't think I was forceful anymore; just pleading.
"I love that you can't resist me...Mm- Now I know you're mine. The question is: will you keep trying to resist?"
I opened the door and grabbed her arm to lead her through. On her way out, she smiled, "I'll be thinking about you..." She hopped out in front of me and bent over slightly, letting her skirt ride up her ass. With a quick swat, she spanked herself in front of me, "I look forward to you...punishing me for today. I know how much youhate me..."
I slammed the door, ashamed that I was already getting hard again. I desperately flew around the house, spraying air freshener, brushing my teeth, throwing on a different pair of clothes. Kristen came home shortly thereafter.
She gave me a piteous look. "You look like a mess!"
"Long day at work," I lied.
"I'll tell you what. Let me unwind a little and then we'll go out for burgers. My treat!"
"Uh- that's not necessary. I'm pretty- pretty tired."
"No way! You've been stressed lately. It'll be fun. Good food and, hey, if you're lucky, we'll see that cute waitress you like!" she gave me a wink.
I forced a weak grin.
About an hour later, we pulled up to the restaurant. The entire ride I was on nerves. I tried to talk her out of going but I gave up, fearing that I was sounding paranoid or suspicious. I remembered Alyssa had mentioned that she was working tonight. Hope, hope, hope she was joking.
We took a free parking space and waited about a minute until a waitress came. She had a smile from ear to ear. I rolled down the window and Alyssa skipped up. "Hi, how are you guys?" She gave me a knowing look. "Back for more, huh?" she smirked.

***

As always, I hope you enjoyed the story. If you have any comments or feedback, I would love to hear it. Thanks for reading.
Do not reprint this work on any other website, or any medium, without express consent of the author (me!).
Synopsis: A reluctance story about a guy in a relationship that finds himself the object of desire for a young, sexy waitress. She comes on to him aggressively and ultimately uses blackmail and seduction to try and force him to give in to her.

I

So I went to this burger joint probably about once every other weekend. It was one of those quasi-retro establishments: you pulled up in your car, ordered out your window, and ate right there. The place seemed to go out of its way to hire only waitresses, although the occasional unlucky sop might have gotten a male once in awhile. Not all the girls were cute, but most of them were. One in particular, Alyssa, she was right up my alley.
They all wore something resembling a uniform; mostly it was just the same color scheme. Alyssa though, she always wore nice tight, little clothes that did a great job of making the guys want to tip her more. Tonight? She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts, maybe the shortest I've seen on her. Probably because it's summer, you know? She has a tee-shirt on that doesn't expose much skin, but at least it's tight upstairs where it counts. Something I haven't seen before: she's wearing these long striped socks. It really puts the accent on her legs and makes her look fantastic. She's innocent, she's sultry; she knows it.
I always make it a point to park in the area that she's serving. I'm sure by now she recognizes me because I'm always all smiles whenever I see her. Not that I'm trying to get with her or anything. Honestly! I'm in a great relationship with my girl, Kristen. In fact, we both come here together. Kristen knows I think this waitress is cute. She doesn't really care because it's all in good fun. We're the kind of couple that can say, yes she is hot, or yes, I bet you'd hit that, honey. Nothing ever comes of it; no big deal.
Alyssa is not really my type anyway. Sure, I think she's fine. So what? She's probably barely in college. Nineteen, maybe twenty years old? I don't really know; I'm a terrible judge of age. Don't get me wrong, I have by no means accomplished any great age myself; college wasn'tthat long ago, but still.
The point is: any normal person likes to look. And tonight, I was having a great time looking. Back and forth she went, waiting on this car, bringing that tray back. Each time she passed by, I longingly (even if I tried to make itlook casually) admired her. Especially her legs tonight.Damn, those socks. I'd like to think she was showing off for me; swaying her pert little ass a little more than necessary. Someone parked across from me was paying out their bill to her. She was digging out some change and justhappened to drop some. Did she curtsey down like a lady, bend her knees, and pick it up modestly? Happily no. Her legs, straight as arrows, did not move as she reached down, displaying a perfect bend-over view of her ass to me.
Completely losing my cool, I found myself staring at her ass and exposed thighs as she leaned back up and handed over the change to the customer. My cock actually stirred in my pants! My reverie was broken by a light punch on the arm from Kristen. I shook my head over and looked at her. She was giving me an incredulous look, like,don't stare TOO hard. Now, we may be an open-minded couple, but everyone has limits, you know? Despite myself, I had an enormous fucking grin on my face. One that says:guilty as charged. I tried to play it down with some flattery.
"Maybe you should work here. A couple moves like that and I guarantee you'll get more tips than she does!"
She rolled her eyes at me but I was pretty sure I was off the hook. At least, of course, if I toned down the gawking a notch.
We sat in the car for awhile, enjoying our food pretty slowly. This place was nice for us because it gave us the chance to people watch in-between conversation without the hassle and noise of a "real" restaurant. It was a nice treat after a hard week's work and, hey, let's face it. The fries were good.
As the food was winding down, I decided I may as well take a leak before the drive home. The restroom was on the other side of the restaurant so I had to take the walk of exhibition across all the cars. I tried to look casual; knowing every windshield I passed had at least one pair of eyes watching me go by. I know it's nothing but, it's just one of those situations everybody notices once they're in it. So, doing my best to just stare straight ahead, I realized Alyssa was coming down the aisle the opposite direction.
Still feeling slightly paranoid about Kristen getting upset, I felt a little embarrassed to look right at her, so I kept my eyes down at the ground. As we approached each other, my eyes were trained on her feet and calves, and I was again admiring the look of her in those socks.Cute but sexy.
"Watch your step," I heard her innocently joke. My head instinctively shot up and I met her gaze. She was a bit shorter than me, but she had this confident smirk on her face that suffered no doubt of self-assurance. I broke into a silly grin and let out a chuckle. "Wouldn't want my favorite customer to trip and hurt himself!" she sang as she walked on by me.
Yeah, I bet she says that to all the guys. Big deal. I blushed stupidly just the same at the attention of a pretty girl and walked the rest of the way to the bathroom with a dumb smile on my face, trying my best to mask it for whatever reason.
So I get to the restroom. It's an older place, and facilities consisted of one room for the ladies, one for the men. Spacious! I do my business, and as I'm washing my hands, I have to admit I was daydreaming about Alyssa a bit. Looking at myself in the mirror I sighed and chuckled. Get a hold of yourself.
I moved to unlock the door and leave, but as I opened it I noticed a body patiently waiting right outside. Startled, I jumped a little once I realized who it was. Her back was to me, but as she heard the door open, Alyssa turned to face me with a guilty little smile. Before I knew what was happening, she darted into the room, sliding her body through the partly-ajar doorway. I took a step back in bewilderment. Once she was in, she shut the door behind her with her foot and leaned back against it.
She was holding her hands behind her back and had this look of total mischief on her face, like she just got away with something. Her head was turned to the side, as if listening through the door to make sure no one had caught her; then she looked at me. She was chewing her lower lip slightly, with this intent look in her eyes. Hands still clasped behind her, she made an effort to stick her chest out a bit, pushing her breasts against her shirt even more.
I was stunned. Honestly, my first thought was maybe she had pulled a prank on another waitress and she was hiding or something. As my eyes roamed her body, my body tingled with a little nervous energy.God, she is hot. As I stared back down to her gorgeous toned legs, the image of her bending over in front of me flashed behind my eyes. I felt myself starting to get hard, but at the same time, I remembered Kristen. Then I really started feeling awkward.
This, of course, all happened in an instant.
"Uh... Hi?" I blurted out.
Her face flushed into a shy smile. "Hi."
I furrowed my brow a little and grinned back, "I think you came in the wrong door."
She shook her head. "I think you know I didn't."
I felt a huge lump form in my throat. Suddenly the room felt very small. Her legs were pressed together and she was shifting her weight, rubbing her knees against one another. I didn't even realize I was staring at her legs again and shot my eyes back up to her face. I could tell by her expression that she knew I was checking her out. A small wave of guilt rushed through me, but I was still excited.
"I was wondering when we'd finally get some alone time..." she coyly mused.
My heartbeat began to race. Is she coming on to me? This kind of thing doesn't happen.
"Um, I... uh, what?" I stammered.
She pulled her hands out from behind her and stretched them out to the sides, almost nonchalantly. "Oh come on, I see the way you look at me every time you come here..."
My face turned red and I tried to bite my tongue to hold back a guilty smile. She pulled her arms above her head, stretching them up high now. It had the effect of pulling the bottom of her shirt up to expose a good portion of her tummy. The sight of her skin forced me to swallow hard and, despite myself, my eyes were drawn down to her body again.
She let her arms fall back down and her stomach was covered back up by her shirt. With one last glance at her hips and those little shorts showing off her thighs, I snapped my gaze back up.
"You don't have to worry, your girlfriend isn't here to stop you from looking now..." Her voice was soft, encouraging, but a little condescending. She toyed her fingers on the hem of her shorts, traced the skin of her legs delicately and pulled up the cloth ever-so-slightly. "What is it you like best?" she inquired innocently.
Now, I was pretty nervous at this point. This smoking-hot girl was flirting with me. I didn't know how or why it was happening. For whatever reason, maybe nerves, maybe something else, I tried to diffuse the situation by...flirting back. "Well uh, I like the socks," I smiled, trying to sound light-hearted.
"Oh?" she piqued up, enthused. She started walking forward toward me. I instinctively took a couple steps back, but the room wasn't that big and I was already backed against the sink. "What about them do you like?"
She was right next to me now. My mouth felt dry as I started to wonder where this was going. She put one of her feet up on the toilet seat and ran her hand along the length of her raised leg. "Well?" she insisted.
"Um, I dunno, they're uh..." I dragged my eyes across the length of her leg, now so close to me. She kept tracing her fingers casually along her skin, which looked so soft and perfectly smooth. I could see even more of her thigh as her shorts rode up a bit from the position she was standing in. "They're uh, cute I guess..."
"Mmm," she hummed. "I think so too. But are they only cute?" Somehow her question beckoned me to look straight at her. Her eyes were piercing as she added, "Or are they sexy too?"
I scoffed out a little laugh at her audacity. Still trying to play it cool, I agreed, "Yeah, that too."
"I'm glad you think so. I wore them for you... You always come on a Friday..."
My heart was thumping in my chest and I was suddenly aware of my growing erection. I looked over at the door and realized that I really needed to get out of there. No man takes this long to piss, you know? But as if realizing my growing anxiety, she grabbed one of my hands and guided it to her propped-up leg.
I took a sharp intake of breath and glared at her. "W-what are you...?"
Despite my reluctance, my hand had a mind of its own. I didn't pull away; I gingerly caressed her perfect leg. Her eyes fluttered a little bit and she let out a little sigh as I touched her. My hard-on grew.
"I uh, I need to- to go now..."
"Shh," she smiled at me. She leaned her head in closer. Part of me tried to shy away, but there was no more room to back up. For a brief second I thought she was going to try and kiss me, but at the last moment she moved her lips right to my ear, and ever so softly whispered, "She doesn't have to know..."
My mind was torn. Half of me was screaming,Please, let me get the fuck out of here... The other half was shouting,Please, let her fuck me now...
I was massaging the underside of her thigh, subconsciously inching my way up closer to her ass. For her part, she was gently thrusting her hips forward, giving me a better chance to do so. I shut my eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get control of myself. Just as I felt some resolve coming back to me, there was then a pressure pushing against my raging-hard cock.
I grunted, "Christ!" as my eyes flew open and looked down to see her hand begin to massage my hard-on through my pants.
"Mmm, you know better," she purred, "It'sAlyssa."
"A-Alyssa, I- I can't do this. I, uh, I have a girlfriend!" I finally managed to take my hand off her leg. I used my other hand to grab her wrist and pull her off my package. She mewed a little pout.
"Don't you want it?"
I put my hands on her hips to push her back, but being afraid to grip her too hard, she slithered her body down a little bit and made my hands glide up under the sides of her shirt. I found myself cupping those sexy curves where a girl's stomach turns inward, scrunching her shirt up to show off her belly again.
For a brief second I faltered, my lust for her body getting the better of my senses. She noticed and slid her body right up to mine. My hands ran along the length of her sides and up onto her back. She pushed her waist into mine, forcing more pressure on my throbbing dick. Her hands found their way to my ass and she grabbed on, pulling me into her even more. I heard the sweet sound of a girl's anticipating moan creep out of her lips.
I knew this was bad; that I shouldn't want it. But the incredible feeling of this sexy young body eagerly pushing against me was enough to make any man second-guess his morals. My cock was stimulated enough now that any sensation rubbing through my pants caused my body to tremble. She felt this and rubbed her hips against me in tiny little thrusts to tease pleasure out of me. Despite my best intentions, I felt myself push back into her.
Rational thought was almost completely gone as I continued to hold her, my hands still resting on her back. She angled her head down and I felt her hot breath along my neck. I inhaled the sweet scent of her hair, briefly intoxicating me, and then let out a quiet groan as I felt her warm tongue run up the base of my neck and end with a slow kiss to my jaw.
Some desperate part of me tried to make another effort to halt things. "Don't... Stop..."Obviously my subconscious would have no part in it.
She pulled her head back and stared right into my eyes, a victorious and anticipating gleam shining on her face. "Don't worry," her lips curled up, "I won't..."
Her back arched away from me a little bit and she slid her hands from my ass around to the front of my jeans. Her fingers began to deftly work my belt. There was no hiding the obvious tent I was pitching, and admittedly I was dying to let it be free. My hands had run down to the small of her back due to her changed position. I gawked, seemingly helplessly, as her hands worked my belt undone and went for my fly. Because she was still leaning back, her shirt kept riding up, exposing her exquisite stomach. Her little shorts were pulled down just a fraction, but I could still see more of her lower abdomen than ever before. They were so low, so tantalizingly close to exposing so much more...
I didn't even realize during my lustful gaping that one of my hands had found its way to her ass, gently squeezing her pert, tight backside. The button on my jeans was undone now. She pushed one of her hands up onto my stomach under my shirt, almost completely exposing my pelvic region. I'm ticklish there, and normally I probably would have laughed at the touch, but now it only shot jolts of pleasure between my legs.
My zipper was down. Her other hand grabbed the waist of both my jeans and boxers in the front, and then slowly started to pull them down. Both of us were watching my cock, waiting for it to spring out. I'm not sure which one of us wanted it to happen more. Everything was such a rush; thoughts barely even had time to form in my mind before instinctual lust overwhelmed them.
My pubic hair was being revealed, then the very base of my hard-on. It was pointing down, and the feeling of my clothes rubbing against it as they were pushed along was electrifying. I shut my eyes, experiencing the feeling of passing the point of no return. It was that sensation of when you hesitate at an amber light when driving, then at the last minute, when you damn well know it's too late to even think about making it, you floor it just as it turns red.
Then we heard the door.
Someone was tentatively opening it from the outside. I just about jumped out of my skin, realizing Alyssa hadn't locked it after she snuck in. She stopped tugging at my clothes and, eyes shooting wide open, flipped around and stopped the door from opening more than just a few inches.
My senses came flooding back to me at that moment. I shook my head, jerked my pants back up to my waist, and frantically started putting myself back into order. Alyssa's voice was smiling as she answered whoever was on the other side of the door.
"Oh, sorry! I'm just..." A brief pause... "...cleaning the facilities up. There was an accident." She pulled it off so naturally; her voice was coy and flirtatious, completely covering up any awkwardness she was feeling with the embarrassing excuse. I heard some male voice on the other side apologize quickly and shuffle off. For some reason, I realized part of me feared that it was Kristen who was barging in on us. A wave of relief washed over me.
Alyssa shut the door and spun around. She had this wild glint in her eye, something that indicated she had no intention of stopping. But just then I could see a faint sense of disappointment cloud her face. She realized I was completely dressed again and thinking at leastsomewhat clearly.
"Aww," she pouted, "What are you doing?" She tried to put on the "poor cute girl" face as she jutted her lower lip out. But at the same time, she was sheepishly pulling her shirt up just under her breasts, seemingly innocuously but knowing full-well by now that I loved to see the long stretch of her stomach. For a moment I thought I might be getting free of my erection, but I felt myself starting to harden right back up.
"I can't- I can't do this... I mean, I'm uh- flattered but... you know, I just..." I was practically stuttering. I moved closer to her in attempt to get her away from the door. She didn't budge. Instead she backed up against it as much as she could and spread her legs out as if she was going to barricade it with her body. She wore an impish smile as she did it, as if daring me to try and move her.
I was afraid to touch her body for the simple reason that I might lose myself in lust again. Nevertheless I tentatively placed my hands on her waist, making sure to only touch her shorts and not her skin, and tried to pull her to the side of the door. She responded by wrapping her arms around my neck and pulling her body into mine, as if leaping into a hug.
I felt her body knowingly push into my cock, which was screaming for attention again, and then heard her murmur in a little girl's voice, "Do you want me to beg...?"
Oh god. I don't know why, but that was so fucking sexy. For a second I actually felt weak in the knees. But I was so close to the door, the urgency of escape still in my mind. "Uh, you don't- um, just- please, I can't..."
I managed to push her off my body, although her hands dropped down and grabbed playfully at the waist of my pants. Completely desperate now and not thinking about how any of this might look, I grabbed the door handle and jerked at it, propping it open. Mercifully, Alyssa finally let go of me.
I didn't even look back to see the expression on her face. As soon as I slipped out the door, I shut it behind me. I took a deep breath and started walking down the long aisle of cars to return to Kristen. My face was beet red; I couldn't help but to think everyone knew I was in there with some waitress. Realizing I still had the remains of an intense hard-on, I stuffed my hands in my pockets to try and mask it.
I finally reached my car and shuffled myself inside. Kristen was looking at me a little dubiously. "Get lost?"
My eyes frantically darted out all vantages of our windows, making sure there was no way she could see the bathroom from where we parked. Once I realized she couldn't, I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Uh, they were cleaning it out when I got there," I chuckled, trying to sound natural.
"Ew," she giggled.She bought it!
For a minute I thought I might be home-free. Then it dawned on me; I hadn't paid for the meal yet. My heart sank. What would Alyssa say? How was she going to react? Kristen was trying to tell me some story, but I could hardly pay attention as my nerves rattled on edge.
At last I saw Alyssa walking down the aisle, coming towards us with a bill in hand. I watched her in a completely different light. Before, I just admired a great-looking girl. Now? All I could see was a sizzling nymph that tried to break me. Fuck me, but it just made her hotter.
She came up to my window andthankfully acted completely natural. I wordlessly handed her my credit card, forcing a smile but pleading with my eyes for her to keep her mouth shut. She briefly left to a register to run the card, then returned with the receipt. She handed it to me with a pen to sign.
As I took it, I swallowed hard as I read the bill. In the line where you normally write in the tip,she had written in: "Think of me tonight," followed by a little heart. I felt my face start to redden and I scribbled my signature as fast I could, handing the receipt back and praying Kristen didn't try to look at it.
She took it with a smile and told us to have a great night. As she said it, she gave me a very subtle wink. Just as I saw it, I felt my cock stir again. I thanked her, started the car, and drove the fuck out of there.

II

That night, Kristen and I fucked. It was pretty damn good, but you know the problem. The whole time, I was thinking of Alyssa. I had been trying to put her out of my mind all evening, but that was just impossible. Images of her body were seared into my eyelids; I saw her every time I so much as blinked.
In bed with Kristen, the lights were off. I closed my eyes anyway. I ran my hands all over her body, but in my mind, it was Alyssa's. I tried to imagine every curve of her that I had seen and felt. Sure, I felt guilty about it. I mean, it wasn't the first time I had ever thought about somebody else; who hasn't? But this was different. This was morereal. What's worse is that I fantasized about myself giving in.
First I pictured us never being interrupted, and that she pulled my dick out and jerked me off until I had to have her. Then I imagined us still being interrupted, but me not getting my senses back. I thought about her hot little body turned away from me as she bullshitted that customer away. What I would've done to just drop my pants and step up to her, pushing her against the door, thrusting myself against that pert ass.
All these images and more were flashing through my mind as I fucked my girlfriend with a passion. When I finally came, I remembered her note on the receipt,think of me, and had a hugely guilty but amazing orgasm.
The next morning while I was in the shower, I couldn't help replaying the events in my mind. It didn't take long before I was extremely horny and had to stroke myself off right there. Kristen opened the bathroom door at some point and asked if I was okay because I was taking so long. I felt embarrassed at my behavior, but I still couldn't stop myself.
Alyssa was a constant fantasy of mine for the next week and a half or so. Nevertheless, I vowed to not let myself go to that restaurant again any time soon if I could help it. While some depraved part of me was desperate to go see her again and find out if she would try to seduce me once more,and man it was tempting, I knew it was a terrible idea. Despite my fantasies, I realized I was lucky to have gotten away with what I did.
At first I tried to rationalize that Alyssa had made all the moves on me. I was the victim! But deep down I had to admit that I liked it; that I wasthis close to giving in. And even though I didn't, I wasn't sure anymore how many times I had fantasized that Idid.
Anyway, I was determined to just squelch it out as a naughty dream and move on with my life.
She had other ideas.
I was at work, busying myself away at my desktop. The little "new mail" icon pops up in the corner of my screen. I click on it.Missed you last weekend. What is this? My first reaction is that it's spam, but almost none of that ever gets through the filters at the job, so I click on it.
Missed you last weekend. I even wore my socks for you again. XOXO.
Oh shit. It was fromher. And there were pictures already displaying in the message body. I don't know if she took them with a digital camera or a webcam or what. But the first was her in the same outfit she wore that one day, short shorts and long socks. She had this really girlish pose with her hands behind her back. I scrolled down. The same thing, but now her hands were stretched up, exposing her tummy.
Scroll. She's facing away from the camera, pulling her shirt up; it's almost completely off. My dick is swelling. Next picture: her shirt if off, she's not wearing a bra, but her back is still to the camera. I can tell one of her arms is draped across her chest to cover her tits; her head is turned so I can see her smiling seductively at me.
My phone rings. I actually jump in my seat it startles me so bad. Without thinking, I delete the email straightaway. My hands are sweating and I feel like my boss is on the other side of the line, and he's about to fire me for downloading teen porn at work. I pick up the phone and it turns out to be nothing, just a co-worker asking some inane question.
After I hung up, I just sat at my desk for a couple minutes, breathing hard. How the hell did she get my email address? Who the hell does she think she is, sending that shit here? How many photos did she attach anyway? What could I have seen if I had kept scrolling...? Why did I have to delete it so fast; maybe I could've saved those pictures...
I tried to get a handle on myself. Attempting to clear my head, I went back to work. For awhile it was a lost cause: my mind obviously racing and, to be honest, in the gutter. Maybe an hour later I had actually managed to get it out of my thoughts when another email came. My heart leapt in my throat.
Hi Sexy, did you get my pictures? I skimmed over the message; there were no images this time (both to my relief and... utter disappointment). The message didn't say much. Some,I've been thinking of you and shit. Really she just wanted me to reply to her. At the end of it she put her phone number. I scribbled it down and deleted the email.
As excited as I was, I got to admit I was freaking out about this happening at work. Photo attachments, and now message bodies with suggestive language in it. If anybody happened to be running profanity filters or email surveillance on the employees, I could be in deep shit. Maybe I was being paranoid. Hell, I know I was. But forgive me if I'm not used to it.
I decided I would call her and firmly let her know that nothing was going to happen between us. I felt particularly emboldened by the fact that it would be over the phone and she wouldn't be able to use her wiles to try and charm me in person.
Wanting some privacy, I went outside to the parking lot and called her on my cell.
"Hello?" a girl answered.
"Hi, is this uh, Alyssa?" Great, I realized I felt like a nervous kid.
"Oh, you called!" I heard her chirp happily.
"Yeah, uh, look... You need to, um, you can't send me emails..."
"Why not?"
"What? I mean, how did you even get a hold of it..."
"I just googled your name," she said it so matter of fact. For a moment I was bewildered as to how she even knew my full name, but then I realized she has seen it plenty of times on my credit card.
"Okay, um, I'm flattered and everything but, this has got to stop."
"Why, didn't you like the pictures?"
"Yea-uh..." I cut myself off. I can't believe I blurted out a yes.
"Ooh! Which was your favorite?"
I sighed. "I deleted them. I can't look at that stuff at work!"
"Aww, but youdid want to..."
This was not going as well as I planned. "Alyssa, this can't go on- I mean, it's not going anywhere..."
"Why not? Aren't you attracted to me?" she pouted.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot, big deal. I have a-"
She interrupted me. "So what's the problem? You seemed pretty interested in the bathroom... Ifelt it!" She giggled a little at that.
"That was, uh..." I was completely faltering now.
"I saw the way you looked at my body. My legs... my stomach... There is so much more for you to see too..."
"I- I can't..."
"And I felt how you touched me...Mmm, I have been thinking about it. The way you rubbed my thigh, and how you squeezed my ass..."
Hearing her talking about it was making me so fucking hard. She wasn't even in front of me and I felt like she was working me under her spell again. And she didn't let up.
"There's more of me to touch though... And I definitely want to finish what I started.Mm- I have been thinking about it a lot. It wassuch a tease to only see a little bit of it... but I could tell it wasso hard! Is it... hard right now?"
Fuck yes it is! "Uh, god, what can I- uh- say to convince you..."
"Hmm, did you think about me that night?" she interjected suddenly.
"What?!" I exclaimed, knowing full well what she meant.
I heard her gasp over the phone. "Ooh, you did, didn't you? Did you... touch yourself when you were thinking about me?"
"Uh, no!" I stammered. This was completely out of control.
"What were you... oh gosh! Were youfucking your girlfriend and you thought of me?" I could tell she was bristling with excitement.
"Alyssa, I- I just called to tell you..."
"God, that's hot. You're not even trying to deny it!"
I was completely flustered. "No! I- this is done! I mean, it never started!"
Ignoring me completely, "I don't know why you're getting soexcited... I just want to make you feel good..."
"Well, you can't!"
She sighed over the phone and there was a short pause. "So, you don't want to touch me again?"
Finally, I was getting somewhere! "No!"
"You don't want to finish what we started?" she hummed.
"No!"
"Aww, that's so...disappointing! But, you have my number if you change your mind."
"I- I'm not- That's not gonna happen."
She completely blew me off, "Think of me again tonight," she purred.
Before I could say anything else, I heard the static go out as she ended the call. Totally flustered, I just stood there in the parking lot, my heart racing. I felt like a complete idiot for letting her run the conversation like that. But damn,the way she talks... Although on some level I was already aware that I had a raging hard-on for most of the conversation, I was now acutely conscious of the fact that I had one at work.
I stuffed my hands in my pockets and decided to take a walk around the building to try and relax. It was a useless exercise. The entire time I was thinking about Alyssa. I tried to remember how those pictures looked. I replayed our exchange over and over. The sound of her young, sexy voice... Taunting me about our close encounter... Fuck. I realized I was actually stroking myself a little in my pockets.
I took a deep breath, shook my head, and tried to think of a mountain of boring paperwork to settle myself down. Marching back into the building (hands stillcasually in my pockets), I returned to my office and tried to get back to work. There was no hope for me though.
Alyssa's body and voice dominated my mind. I was abuzz with nervous energy. I went to the bathroom. Good, nobody was there. I slid into a stall and, for the first time in my life, desperately jerked off in a public place. Everything about it felt so wrong; that I was at work doing it, that I was thinking about another girl... that I was thinking about a girl that was practically begging me to cheat with her.
I closed my eyes and imagined myself caving in to her seduction. How bad I wanted to give in to that young temptress right then... Oh fuck, before I knew it, I was coming hard. I actually groaned out loud a little bit. When I calmed down, my face flushed crimson with shame and embarrassment.
At least I took the edge off. I was able to be moderately productive for the rest of the day. But every time I noticed I got an email, and every time my phone rang, my heart skipped a beat. I feared, and admittedly hoped, that it was Alyssa hassling me again. Yet she didn't make any other attempt to contact me. I wondered if I had gotten through to her.
Any hope I had of pushing her out of my head was a pipedream though. Once again she had told me to think of her. I knew that night that I would be.

III

That weekend, Kristen suggested we hit up the burger joint. I had enough good sense to say no, despite any forbidden fantasies I maintained of giving Alyssa another opportunity to seduce me. In spite of my attempts to keep out of trouble, I found myself wading in it the following week.
Alyssa still had not attempted to contact me again, and for awhile I thought she had given up. I even managed to gonearly a whole day at work without my imagination drifting off to her image. I was leaving the office and just walking out to the parking lot when I heard a familiar voice. Yes, the same one that had been haunting my fantasies.
"Fancy seeing you here!"
I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around. Yep, there she was. She had on a pair of tight low-rise jeans that clung to her hips perfectly and a little tank-top that didn't come down too far. It showed off so much of the lower part of her navel that I wondered if she was completely shaven downstairs. I managed to drag my eyes up her tight body and meet her smirking gaze.
"No burger last weekend?" she frowned a little.
I suppressed a guilty smile and quickly turned away from her, doing my best to home in on my car. "I gotta go," I tried.
She trotted up to try and keep pace with me as I walked away from her. "Aw, what's the rush?"
"Look, I told you already. I- I'm not available."Keep walking.
"Just one sec! I only want to show ya something..." she pleaded behind me.
Show me what? Some more of your hot little body? "Not interested."Almost to my car.
Then I heard it. It was a little fuzzy, but I knew instantly what it was.
"Gimme a break! Obviously you're hot..." The bitch had recorded our conversation. I stopped walking, but I didn't turn around. Suddenly my heartbeat was in my temples. I was desperately trying to remember what I had said on the phone to her. Did I say anything stupid? Something that would get me in trouble? All I could remember was her dominating the conversation...
She casually walked in front of me, cocky little look on her pretty face. She was holding a small recorder up which was playing segments of our conversation; just the bits that make me look like a horny asshole. After a minute she clicked it off. I blinked at her.
"W-what do you want?"
"I just wanna talk to you," she said sweetly.
"Well, we're uh- we're talking now."
She put her hands on her hips and gave me an indignant look. I swallowed hard as the pose forced me to look at her waist and see the soft, smooth skin that was shown off. "I didn't mean in a parking lot!"
I rolled my eyes. "Well there's nowhere else here; we'renot going in my office!"
"How about my place?" her eyes sparked.
Oh god, hell yes... "Uh- N-no," I stuttered.
She held up the tape again. "Okay, how about you drive me home." I was about to demur but she cut me off. "It's not far... We can talk on the way, and once we get there, you can have the tape. No tricks!" she smiled.
Now, I didn'tknow if she would actually try to show the tape to Kristen somehow. Even then, I didn'tknow if I would necessarily be incriminated. Looking in hindsight, I probably could have weaseled my way through this situation better. But at the time, I was panicking; "thinking clearly" was not in the cards. I reluctantly agreed.
Once we were in the car, she started up again. "Ooh, I've never beenin the car before. I only got to see from the outside! So this is what it's like to be your girlfriend." Her voice was innocent but sharp; she knew she was toying with me.
"You're uh- you're not my girlfriend," I flatly replied.
She gave a little pout and sat cross-legged in the seat. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, subtly trying to watch her legs as they shifted into position.Mm, flexible.
"That's just the thing... All I want is to have a little fun..." She dragged out the wordfun as coyly as possible. "Nobody has to know... Like a little fling on the side!"
My palms were already sweaty gripping the wheel. I was trying to focus on being pissed off at this girl, but I couldn't help my ego that loved being propositioned by this sexy thing.Just don't get hard... "I'm not going to- to uh, cheat on her."
"Turn left up here," she instructed. "Besides, you're not married or anything. Maybe she'd even like it!"
I wish! "Not gonna happen." I tried to keep my eyes looking forward.Don't look at her sultry smile.
She let out a long sigh. "It's so sad when people are so...possessive!I mean, it'sobvious that you want to! I do too! What's the big deal?"
I just shook my head.
"Right up at the next light." She reached her left hand out and started fiddling with the radio. I didn't think much of it until she dropped her hand back down and it landed on my thigh. I jumped in my seat at the touch, which just caused her to squeeze a little and massage my leg as if to calm me down. "Relax!" she giggled.
My dick was semi-hard, but not so erect that she could see it. The sudden touch shot instant life into it. Keeping one hand on the wheel, I batted away her arm, but it was too late.
"Ooh!There it is!" she squealed in joy; immediately shooting her other hand out to cop a feel of my hard-on through my slacks. She moved so fast that I couldn't stop her. The feeling of her gripping my cock made me squirm in my seat, both in discomfort and pleasure; it was all I could do to keep enough composure and stay in my lane.
"C-cut it out!" I blurted. She slithered her hands away, feigning remorse, but she was biting her lower lip and batting her eyes in a way that said:Got you, and you liked it.
"It's just up here," she pointed. It was a small apartment complex.
Finally. She showed the way to her building and I parked. My dick had calmed down a little, but not much. I turned to her and stuck out my hand. "Okay, I drove you here."
She took the recorder out of her purse and popped out the tape, handing it to me. "See? You can trust me!"
"Uh huh," I snatched it out of her hand.
"So, want to come in?" she beamed.
"Uh, nope."
She frowned. "Fine, I tried." She opened the door and started to get out. "But I have a confession..."
"Yeah?"Get on with it and get out.
"Well... I still have two more copies of the tape..." Her eyes flickered at me as she swung the door closed.
Fuck! "What! Hey, wait!" She was ignoring me, walking up to her door. I got out of my car and called at her again. "What are you trying to pull here?"
She spun around and tilted her head low, eyes shifting up to stare at me. "Nothing! If you want the other two copies, come in and get 'em!" She turned again and started walking; slow, leisurely steps that she accented by really swaying her ass side to side.
Anger started to boil inside me. "And if I don't?"
Without facing me, she nonchalantly replied, "Who knows who mightaccidentally hear it..." She unlocked her door and opened it, sliding inside. The door swung closed, but not so far that it latched. She was beckoning me in. I stood there for a moment, my heart racing. Everything was shouting at me to get out of there. I could explain all this to Kristen somehow... Maybe... Maybe not.
I needed to get those tapes. I was going inside just to do that. No ulterior motives. Not to see her room. Not to see her body. Not to give in to what promised to be explosive, mind-blowing sex. I took a deep breath and entered her apartment.

IV

I came in and shut the door behind me. Her place looked pretty small. I didn't see her anywhere, but I heard her voice call to me from what I'm sure was the bedroom. "Change your mind?" The way she said it let me know it wasn't really a question.
I spoke up from the entryway, afraid to go any further. "Look, I- I just want the- uh- the tapes. Come on I- I mean..." I was suddenly feeling very hot. My eyes were darting all over the place, in the vain hope that the tapes would be sitting out in the open. They weren't.
"They're in here!" she sang.
An involuntary shudder ran through my body. I was so fucking nervous. I tentatively walked up to the doorway and peeked in. Her room wasn't very big. It only had a small window, and she pulled the curtains over it so no light was coming through. There were a couple lava lamps in the room which gave it a soft, colorful glow.
"Alyssa I- We're uh, not going to... to do anything. I told you..."
She came to the door and grabbed my wrist, pulling me into the room. She kicked the door shut behind us, closing off the light coming from the rest of the apartment. Only the radiance of the lamps lit the room. "I'm not here to force you into anything," she purred.
Bullshit. "Um, I'm not exactly here by- uh- choice."
She pulled the chair out from by her computer. I noticed a webcam and was distinctly aware that this is where she must have taken those pictures... She half-indicated, half-pushed me into the seat.
"We won't do anything you don't want. I just want to...show you what you're missing out on..."
Gulp. She moved away from the seat and clicked her stereo on. It was turned pretty low, but I could tell it was some sexy song. Then her hips started to move. A little to the left, a little more to the right... Oh god, she was going to dance.
She moved slow, but all her gestures were exaggerated. Every movement of her arms, her stomach, her ass, her legs; my eyes were glued to her body.
"You just watch, then I'll give you what you want," she drew out those last words.
"The uh, tapes?"
"If that's what you want when I'm finished..." she smiled.
She knows exactly what I'll want...
So she kept dancing. Both my hopes and fears were realized when she started to pull her shirt up.Striptease. I rubbed my forehead in disbelief, not knowing how to react. Part of me was furious; with her as much as myself. But another part of me was, well... hard-up.
Her shirt was bunched up to her bra now, showing off all of her lean stomach. She arched her back to accentuate her features and slithered around in front of me, running her fingers along her abdomen. She twirled away from me and shook her ass slowly as she pulled the shirt up further and off her body, throwing it off to the side. I was breathing slowly, watching her smooth back in anticipation. She was still wearing a bra but... oh fuck, just turn around.
She did, and I stared at her perky tits, my lips feeling dry as I gawked at her cleavage. Her body continued to sway. I can't remember if she was really that good of a dancer, or if I was just that hypnotized by her body, but at the time, good lord she could move.
Her hands moved to her jeans and began to unfasten them. My cock was aching in my slacks. How bad I wanted to stroke myself as I watched her. God, I felt so guilty about the whole thing. I kept trying to tell myself,once she's naked, once the dance is over, I'll get the tapes and leave. This isn't wrong. But I don't think I believed myself too much.
She twirled her body and spun in slow circles as she gradually pushed her jeans down, revealing her ass and thighs in a tiny pair of panties. As I was sitting in the chair, I had my hands covering my blatant erection, trying my best to hide it, but I was fidgeting like crazy with my fingers. I kept pushing my wrists down on myself to try tease out a little stimulation. Each time I did, I felt terrible, but I wanted more.
She kicked her pants off and was now only in her underwear. Her body kept on moving to the music; the shadows of the lamps played off her body and made her look more exotic than ever. She propped up one of her legs on the bed and bent over it, running her hands and body up along its length. I watched with hunger, recalling the memory of when I rubbed that sexy thigh when this all started. Her hands traced up her stomach and behind her shoulders. They were going for the bra clasp on her back.
She unfastened it and let the straps on her shoulders fall loose, but one hand kept it in place on her breasts. I think my eyes were starting to sting a little bit for lack of blinking. Her lips, which had for the better part of this dance been pursed in a seductive smile, were now hanging open a little bit. Jesus, she looked so raw, so inheat.
Moving her leg off the bed, she turned away from me again and went to a shelf. She casually moved her arms so the bra fell to the floor in front of her. I was watching so intently, gaping at her naked back, that I didn't even realize that while my right hand held my left wrist, I was playing with myself through my slacks with my left hand.
She reached over and grabbed something from behind the shelf. Her hand pulled back and I knew she was positioning her arm across her chest. Turning to me, she displayed a little tape in her hand. She took a few steps forward, ever so slowly, until she was in right front of me. The arm that held the tape still draped over her chest. "So, do you want it?" she asked hotly.
"Um, yeah," I uttered out. She was standing over me now, almost completely naked. I could really smell the perfume on her skin. I was tempted to just reach out and grab her body to pull it into the chair with me. It looked so luscious, just posing for me there.
"But...what do you want?" she chewed her lip a little.
"Um, the- the uh..." My mouth was dry. I couldn't find the words, but I was gesturing towards the tape.
"Oh, all you want is this?" she smirked, and held the tape out in front of me. I paid absolutely zero attention to it. Stretching out her arm completely revealed her breasts. My eyes widened as I took them all in. I remember thinking they were completely perfect, and being so fucking turned on because her nipples were hard. Knowing she was aroused only made me that much hornier.
She made a soft little moan and ran her free hand up to one of her tits, holding and squeezing it a little. "Or... do you want this?"
Her body leaned in over me. She put one of her knees on the chair and pushed up right against my body. I pulled back as far as I could in the seat, but she kept coming closer. She pushed her chest to my face while she ran the hand with the tape down to my slacks. She deftly slid it into my pocket, pressing her thumb against the base of my cock through my pants at the same time.
I gasped in pleasure at the touch and she tilted toward me more, holding her breast right in front of my face. "I'm a good girl..." she cooed, "You don't have to choose between me and the tape... You can have both..."
My mind was racing so fast that my thoughts just sounded like a high-pitch whir whistling in my ears.
"Why not just a taste... It wouldn't hurt anybody..." She leaned in closer. I closed my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was gently kissing her nipple and running my tongue over it. She let out a soft moan that only encouraged me to continue. I was in heaven; I wasn't thinking at all. My hands raised and found her ass and lower back. How many times had I jacked off to the idea of touching her smooth skin again...
A chime went off somewhere in the apartment. My eyes shot open and suddenly I had something resembling clarity of thought.Oh fuck, what am I doing?"What time is it?" I blurted out, sliding my hands to her hips and pushing her back a little.
She let out a little scoff, completely pissed that the clock broke her spell. She leaned back and looked behind her. The clock on her stereo showed 6:00.Where the fuck has the time gone? I was so caught up in my own anxiety that I didn't realize how late it was getting. I'm always home before Kristen...
"Oh Jesus I- uh, okay. You um, you gave me one but... You said- uh, I could get both... I need to- to go..." I sputtered, trying to get a hold on the situation.
She stood in front of me, her chest heaving a bit from her heavier breathing. "I still haven't showed you everything..." she insinuated, running her fingers along the inside of her thighs and up along her panties.
"Fuck I- I don't have time... Kristen-er... My girlfriend will wonder..."
"Justcall her, silly! Tell her you got caught up at the office..."
It sounded like a perfectly good idea. I'd like to even think that, at least at that one moment, I thought it was a good idea because I still needed to get one more tape. Truth is, despite my sudden alert nature, my dick hadn't forgotten about this gorgeous girl in front of me. Even so, I tried to get some control over the situation.
"If I call her... You'll- you'll give it to me right?"
Her face broke into an open-mouthed smile. "Oh I'llgive it to you..."
I closed my eyes in frustration. "The... the tape..."
"Of course... I wouldn't lie to you..."
I dug my cell out of my pocket, opening my eyes to dial. For some reason I thought if I focused completely on the phone, maybe Alyssa would give me some space. She didn't. I knew her hot body was standing right at the periphery of my vision, calling my eyes to soak it up. I dialed my girlfriend's number.
"You can tellKristen I said hi..." she whispered as I brought the phone to my ear. I gave her a distraught look, as if to say, shut the fuck up! But it wasn't much use. Her coy smile was impervious to my distress, and my eyes dropped down to scan her naked tits anyway.
Kristen picked up the phone. "Hey... I'm uh- I'm being held up at work today..."
"Aw, what for? They never keep you..." she inquired.
"I know but... the uh, network exploded and we we're two hours behind on a deadline and..." My mind was wandering, trying to think up something plausible that she wouldn't ask questions about.
Alyssa was stretching her arms above her head and clasping her hands; swaying her body around in a little dance as she stretched and showed off her curves. I shut my eyes to tried and ignore her. The next thing I knew, I felt her breath on my neck. She had leaned right up next to me, one hand on the chair, another on my throbbing hard-on, and gave me a slow, sultry kiss on the neck.
My voice cracked at the sudden touch and my eyes blasted open to see her practically climbing onto me. I can't remember what Kristen was saying, but she started sympathizing with me and telling me some story about how her day sucked too. I feebly tried to push Alyssa away, all the while biting my tongue, but the more I tried, the more she rubbed a hand against my cock. I tried shifting my weight, but it only made me gasp in pleasure.
"Are you okay?" Kristen paused in her story.
"Uh- yeah. Sorry I'm just- I'm carrying a big box of- of shit right now..."
She seemed to accept the excuse. Alyssa hung her mouth open in fake-shock, and wagged her finger at me. She then moved it to her lips and gave me a silentshh... The gesture was unnerving, but at the same time it just made me really hot. I don't know why; maybe because she was being such a naughty tease about it all. But then she took it to another level.
She slid her body down again, this time bringing her lips to my cell-free ear. So,so quietly, she whispers, "Keep quiet, or I might pout... Wouldn't want her to hear me..."
The next thing I knew, she was down on her knees, between my legs, working on my slacks. I was petrified. Maybe I could have just gotten out of the damn chair. Who knows? I was afraid if I did something, Alyssa would make a noise and I'd be caught. Fuck it; I think it's obvious I was pretty far gone at that point anyway.
Kristen had wrapped up her story and was asking me how much longer I thought I'd be. I was actually dizzy from the stimulation at this point. Hell, I was probably hyperventilating from excitement or nerves. I don't know how Alyssa did it, but my dick had sprung free of my slacks and boxers without much effort. Had I lifted my hips up to help her pull my pants down some? I can't remember. It was probably instinct.
"Um, I don't know... Not- not too much longer I- oh..." I trailed off for a second, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I watched Alyssa's greedy, conquering smile as she eyed my exposed cock. Her fingers had tentatively wrapped around the base of it, which sent jolts of pleasure into my stomach. But then she leaned in and wrapped her mouth around the tip. Oh god, that hot young tongue swirled around me...
I grimaced, doing my best to keep quiet.
"Are you there...?" my girlfriend piped up.
Man, I don't know what I felt at the time. Maybe it was guilt. Maybe it was a rush of doing something so unforgivably wicked. "Sorry... Someone was uh, waving me down. I think I... I..."
Alyssa was slowly jacking the base of my erection as she attentively licked and sucked the rest of me; her hot little ass swaying as she worked, her eyes looking up at me and batting innocently.
"I can uh, blow off some of this and... come soon." Honestly. I wasn't trying to make it sound likethat.
Alyssa dragged her mouth off of me for a moment and gave me an astonished look, then silently mouthed,you bad boy! Then she licked under her teeth and started sucking me again.
Kristen finally let the conversation end and said goodbye. I clicked the phone off and literally dropped it to the floor, letting out a huge groan. "Oh fuck!"
Alyssa took me out of her mouth and kept jacking me as she licked the sides of my hard-on. Between running her tongue along me, she would murmur, "Mm, what's wrong baby?"
"Shit I- I can't believe this is...oh..." I moaned.
"Don't you like it?"
"God this is... this is so wrong..." I think I was talking to myself.
She stopped pumping me with her hands. "Tell me you like it..."
I was on the edge. Really, the only reason I hadn't blown my load yet was because I was concentrating on the phone. Alyssa's sudden decrease in stimulation drove my desire through the roof.
"What? I- come on!"
She placed her nails on the inside of my thighs and lightly raked down them, giving me a mischievous smirk. "Just be honest...tell me..."
"Fuck... ah- yes! Okay, I like it, okay..."
She gave a happy moan and brought her hands back to my cock. Leaning her lips back to it, she purred, "Tell me you need it..."
I admit it. I was desperate. She had me right where she wanted me. "I- I need it... please..."
She knew how to please. She took even more of me in than when she was teasing me before. Her palm was still wrapped around the base of it, squeezing and tugging just right as her hot breath covered the rest of me. It didn't take very long before I felt myself rising up and losing control. "Oh god, I'm- I'm going to..."
My whole body was tingling as I felt the wave rush through my body and between my legs. A huge burst came out of me as my climax started, and it shot into her mouth. I was shocked that she kept on me and tried to swallow it down. I was so fucking worked up though; I came more than she could handle and she had to pull off, catching the rest in her hands.
As my orgasm subsided, my head went limp against the back of the chair. I sighed hard, trying to catch my breath in that empty-headed state a man experiences after a hard come. After a few moments, my trance was broken by Alyssa.
"God that was...mm... So hot! I've been fantasizing about that for... ah, weeks..."
I watched her as she stood back up, smiling sweetly at me. I could still admire how awesome her body was, even though I was completely spent right then. Shortly thereafter, thoughts started slowly swimming back into my head, and I realized what had happened. A flood of guilt rose up in me and I quickly got up from the chair, re-fastening my pants.
"Oh man... Alyssa that was- I mean- that can't... I... It was a mista-..." I was rambling.
She didn't care. She walked over to a dresser and pulled a tape out from a drawer, holding it up, as if mocking me. "Hmm, was it worth it?"
I stepped closer to her and reached for it. She made no move to keep it away from me. As it dropped into my hand, she smiled, "Now you know what you're missing..."
I closed my hand around the tape and stood there for a moment, feeling completely dumbfounded. She ran her palms down her stomach, and I realized there was still some of my cum on her. Her lips pursed a little and she mused, "I'm alldirty..."
I took a step back as she moved toward me, but she just brushed her body against mine and passed right by, heading for the bedroom door. She opened it and looked back. "I'm going to take a shower... Feel free to join me..." With a little wink, she flipped back around and went into a side room in the hallway. I heard her turn the shower water on.
I stood there for another minute, wondering how in the fuck I had ended up in this situation. The shower water was still running, and I realized that by now she was in it. Did she really think I was going to join her? I quietly walked out of her room and paused briefly in front of the bathroom door. In spite of myself, I peeked in. I saw the panties that she had still worn the whole time on the floor. Her silhouette was blurred by the shower door. I could tell that she was running the water through her hair, stretching arms back and sticking out her chest. I admired the sight for a moment, then quickly moved on.
I quietly exited the apartment, got in my car, and pulled away. It wasn't until I was maybe half-way back to my place that I started registering thoughts again. Okay. I got all of the tapes. Good. Would she leave me alone now? Yeah right, she'll probably be encouraged now. Fuck, what have I done?
At some point it dawned on me that if she was clever enough to tape me on the phone, that she could just as easily have somehow recorded me in her bedroom... God, that would be a mess. What a fucking bitch! Who does she think she is, showing off that hot little body, blackmailing me all the while? I'm only a man for fuck's sake. Jesus... She made me come so hard. I can't believe I let her do that. Fuck.
I pulled up to my own apartment and turned off my car. I put my hands on my lap and closed my eyes. I was already hard again.

V

I was a mess for the next week or so. Constant anxiety and paranoia haunted me. Did Alyssa have any other tricks up her sleeve? Did she record me drooling over her striptease, then letting her suck me off while I lied to my girlfriend on the phone? Was she going to call me up and blackmail me again? What would she demand of me now?
It was so twisted. I never dreamed that I'd be manipulated by some hot woman in such a way. I couldn't decide what was worse: the guilt of going through with it, or the fact that it turned me on so much. It only made it that much naughtier that the girl who was playing me so bad wasyounger than me. I felt like such an idiot for letting her get away with anything, but man, it turned me on so goddamn much. Maybe because it was forbidden. Maybe because it was bad. Maybe because she was just too fucking hot. Whatever.
I felt like an asshole too because for all my shame, I could not, for the life of me, get her out of my head. How many times did I jack off recollecting her little striptease? Jesus, I was obsessing over her body. I was desperate even in my fantasies to run my hands along her skin and just fuckingtake her. I mean, shit, I know she wanted it. What I'd do to give in! Well... give in evenmore than I already had. Man, to get into those little panties...
The truth is, yeah, part of mewanted her to call me out again. I wanted that little bitch to push me further, make me give in. It was so goddamnwrong. Well, at least I thought that way in my horniest moments. Whenever I was thinking clearly, I was terrified of her and what she was doing to me.
Anyway. Whether I really wanted it or not, it came.
As I mentioned before, I typically get home before Kristen. It was the next Friday. Alyssa hadn't harassed me and, once again, I thought maybe she had gotten her fill of me. I had left work a little early and went straight home. I put the key in my door and swung it open.
What the fuck.
There she was, standing with her back against the opposite wall, looking right at me. Alyssa. I noticed right away that she was wearing a tiny skirt. It wasn't tight; it was the kind that would show her off to the world if the wind blew in the right way. In my complete bewilderment, I already caught myself lusting over her legs and thinking about that pussy that I had yet to see.Get a hold of yourself! What is she doing here? Get her the fuck out!
"Finally!" she chirped, smiling cutely and bending her knees a little at me.
I reeled my head. "What the- how the fuck did you get..." It didn't occur to me how she knew where I lived. All I cared about was getting her the hell away before Kristen got home. And, well... trying not to gawk at her sexy body...
She gave me a sarcastic look. "Don't pretend like you're not happy to see me..."
I balked, my eyes shooting all around, seeing if she had broken a window or something. Everything looked normal. "You- uh- get out!"
Her jaw dropped open as if she was appalled. "I wasmuch more gracious when you came over tomy place!"
I was pissed. I walked right up to her and grabbed her by the hips. If she wouldn't walk out, I would throw her ass out. But the second I grabbed her, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around my neck. "Ooh! You wanna be aggressive?" she purred.
I tried to spin her around so I could push her out the door. Her body melted into mine, tangling her legs around me. Having her so close to me was exhilarating. As mad as I was, I had been hurting to be next to that body like a starving man. I started to grow hard despite my emotions.
"We're not doing this," I growled.
"What? We're not doing anything!" she pouted.
"Whatever you have planned!" I kept moving her toward the still-open door, but she snaked one of her arms behind her and closed it shut. The momentum of our movement caused us to crash into it, me pushing my body into hers against the door. It was so compromising. I didn't pull back right away. She held my eyes with a sultry stare, then moved forward to try and kiss me.
In my mind, I saw me leaning in and running my tongue in her mouth. But I managed to jerk my head back and stop her. She murmured a little pout. I grabbed the door handle and started to pull it open, even though she was still leaning against it and trying to keep it closed.
"Why do you keep fighting it?" she whispered as we struggled.
Because I have to! "Why won't you leave me alone?" I grunted.
I got the door open. She resisted the best she could but I was just stronger. Then her tone changed; she sounded desperate. "Wait! I have something you- you'll want to see!"
Oh shit, here it comes. I paused for a moment. "What is it now?" I practically growled.
"Let me get my purse! It's on your- your counter."
I let go of her and she effortlessly slid out of my grasp and passed by me into the kitchen. Now I was panicking. This had to be the new tape that I feared...
Shutting the door, I followed her back to the kitchen. She was standing by her purse, but something was different now. Her confident smile crept back into her lips. My heart started to sink. She just waited me out for a few seconds.
"Well?" I blurted out.
She ran her hands down to the hem of that little skirt and started pulling it up, inch at a time. I gawked in confusion as she revealed more thigh, more smooth skin, and then... oh fuck... she wasn't wearing anything under there...
I gazed like an idiot. She ran one of her fingers along her slit and brought it up to her mouth, sucking on it. My cock was screaming for attention now. This goddamn girl...
"Mm... Looks like you like it..." she chirped.
That snapped me out of my trance. "Uh- is... is that it?"
"It? I know this is what you wanted to see..."
I almost laughed from relief. I probably would have if I wasn't so confused, scared, and downright turned on. I took a step toward her, resolve showing again on my face. She dropped her skirt back down and dug into her purse before I got to her.
My stomach flipped over, fearing the worst again. I was completely stunned when she pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"I was afraid you might be difficult again," she said, almost condescendingly. The handcuffs dangled in one of her hands as she walked toward me.
"Uh you- we're not using- um..." My will was faltering. I should have just grabbed her ass and tossed her out; no more fucking around. But every second she stood there in front of me, my darker self was trying to claw its way out. Suddenly I had images of being cuffed to my bedpost; her tight body riding me against my will, making me come so hard...
But the image of my own bed reminded me of Kristen. What time was it? I probably had twenty minutes to... No,get her the fuck out of here!
I thought she was going to push her body into mine again, but at the last second, she slid past me. I gritted my teeth as her hip pushed against my obvious erection. She moved into the living room and put her back against a large support column that bordered the kitchen. If I had known her intention, I would have done something right then.
With her body pressed up against it, she wrapped her arms behind her, around the pillar. At first, I just thought she was posing for me again, her tits pressing out against the fabric of her shirt as her arms stretched behind her. Then I heard a click.Oh shit. Then I heard another one. She bit her lower lip and looked triumphantly at me.
She had handcuffed herself to the column.
"What... What the fuck are you doing!?" I think I sounded more amazed than pissed.
"Fair is fair!" she sang, smiling at me.
I shook my head, "What are you talking about?"
"Well... The way I see it;I made you come. Now it'syour turn!" She was shifting her weight around the column. It was obvious she wasn't kidding around; she was attached to it. Half of me was dumbfounded, thinking I was completely hosed once Kristen got home. The other half of me? Well, it saw a hot, seductive girl with a slutty little skirt tied up in front of me...
"You- uh- you... You gotta be... shitting me..."
With a sly grin, lips pursed shut, she slowly shook her head no.
My voice quavered. "Alyssa... I- My girlfriend will..."
"I already hid the key," she interjected. "Before you got home. You'll never find it. But... I'll tell you where it is once we're...even..."
I briefly scanned my surroundings and realized if she was telling the truth, she was right. There was no way I could find it. Not before Kristen got home. Did I have anything that could cut through the metal? No...God, what the fuck. My mind was completely fogged.
I at least rifled through her purse. It was small and had barely anything in it. There was no key. While I searched, I heard her cooing, "You're wasting your time..."
My senses were completely jumbled. I had entered the surreal. Moving to stand in front of her, I just looked on incredulously. She was just... so fuckin' fine. Her arms cuffed behind her. Her chest sticking out. Those legs... in that skirt... The look on her face was one of complete satisfaction and anticipation at the same time. She looked so helpless but... fuck, she was completely in control.
I was hard. Like,achinghard. Everything was so wrong but... Wow. My eyes dropped to her skirt and I thought about that naked pussy underneath. Was I actually going to do this? I pictured pulling my cock out, walking up to her, and just picking her up. Let her wrap her legs around me as I just rode her... She wouldn't be able to stop me. I could do whatever I wanted to her. I can't believe I'm thinking about fucking her... I need to get the key...
"Mm- Don't keep me waiting... Or do you like seeing me all tied up for you?"
"I can't believe this..." I mumbled to myself. I moved my hands to my belt and started to unfasten it.
Her eyes widened in delight. "Ooh!"
Closing my eyes in disbelief, I let my pants drop to the floor. Kicking them off, I moved close to her.
"Hmm... This isn't quite fair..." she mused.
I was right in front of her now, feeling animalistic. My hard-on was throbbing in front of her. I was inches from being underneath that skirt.
"I had to go down on myknees for you... I think you should... return the favor..." she smiled.
You've got to be kidding me. "Uh... W-what?" I croaked.
"Get me off like I got you off..." She gave me an open-mouthed smile and ran her tongue across the top of her teeth.
"You can't... be s-serious..."
She nodded coyly. "Or can you not help yourself? Are you going to... rape me? Do you want to take advantage of my cuffed little body?"
Fuck yes I do! I gritted my teeth at her comment, my body needing to be in hers.
"But... is it really rape if I want it? I can...pretend that I don't... that you're takingadvantage of me... Would that turn you on? I mean... that seems to beyour role; pretending you don't want it..."
I grabbed onto her legs and pushed her skirt up, taking a step closer. Everything she was saying... She was toying with me but, man, she knew how to make me hot. I slid my cock between her legs and it ran along the slit of her pussy. She made a slight sigh.
"You can fuck me... But I'm not telling you where the key is until I come off your tongue..." she whispered.
My breaths were shallow now. "You bitch," I cursed under my breath.
"Give me what I gave you... Unless youwant Kristen to see the kinky games you play with me..."
The mention of my girlfriend made my face turn red hot. I stole a glance at the clock and realized I was running out of time. Reluctantly, I sank down to my knees in front of her. Without any ceremony, I ran my hands up her thighs and pushed her skirt up, revealing her pussy to me once again. I leaned into her; she was already completely aroused.
I held my mouth in front of her glistening slit for a moment and just blew lightly on it. She moaned quietly and thrust her hips out to meet my face. That was it for me. I wrapped my hands around to her ass and pulled her into my mouth, running my tongue along her waiting sex. I was rewarded with a gasp. She was already so wet.
Abandoning all pretenses, I just dove into her. I did everything I could to give her pleasure. Honestly, I don't think I was doing it to get her to tell me where the key was. I genuinely was desperate to make this girl come. I didn't care about the humiliation of being on my knees, dick hanging out and crying for attention. All I cared about were her sexy moans and her delicious pussy.
"Oh... ah- you... you animal... fuck... suck me! Yeah- lick me!"
I followed her every command. Whenever she jerked or moved her hips in one direction, I did my best to focus my attention wherever she guided me with her body.
"Y-yeah...God! Oh- you're so- so good!Ah! Eat me you-mm- bastard... I've waited-oh! So long!"
She had one leg draped over my shoulder now. Her hips were bucking against my face. I felt her thighs trembling as she strained all her muscles. She was close. I didn't let up; I was going to make this little bitch come. My fingers dug into her skin as I pushed her into my face even deeper. Her dirty talk was reduced to incoherent sounds of pouts and moans.
Then it happened. Her voice cracked and suddenly she was quiet. Her entire body tensed up except for her hips, which she jerked up and down on my tongue in fast little thrusts. I tried my best to keep up with her, but I got lost in her pussy as it swelled with her juices as she came. I felt like I was practically drinking her.
Even as she calmed down, she kept wiggling on my tongue lazily, trying to squeeze out every last bit of her climax. Finally she exhaled loudly, "Fuck yeah..."
I pulled off of her and she relaxed her body. Wiping the wetness off of my mouth, I stood up wobbly and glared at her. Her face was flushed red and she was panting; a tired smile of total contentedness. My cock was standing at full attention, pre-cum dripping from my frantic lust.
She rolled her head at me and sighed, "It's in the pillowcase on the couch..."
Oh yeah... I was embarrassed; realizing all I was thinking about was how I could get off right then. I went to the couch and unzipped the first pillow; the key was right there. I snatched it out and immediately unlocked her cuffs. I admit I was half-way tempted to leave her there and take out my frustrations on her...
She pulled her free arms in front of her and rubbed her wrists a little. "So I guess we're even! I better leave. You know... so I'm not late for work." She was so nonchalant.
Her body turned from me and I watched her slink into the kitchen to grab her purse. She wiggled her ass at me. I saw that sexy behind shake beneath that skirt and felt my blood boil up in me. Then something inside me just...snapped.
She was facing the counter, putting the handcuffs back in her purse. I moved behind her and slid my still-hard dick under her skirt. A little "Oh..." escaped her lips. I didn't care what it meant. I pushed into her further and she spread her legs a little, pushing her ass out.
"I thought you wanted me to leave..." she said brashly.
I grabbed the base of my cock with one hand and found her wet pussy with the other. Then I callously thrust myself inside her. She let out a gasp and gripped the countertop.
"You fucking bitch," I hissed.
"Ah! I'm- I'm not making you- you..."
"You home-wrecking little-uh-slut!" She was still totally lubricated and I pumped in and out of her with ease.
"Mm... Ah! You-uh- you like it..." she panted.
"I fucking- ah- hate you!" It wasn't going to be long. I had been on the edge since I got down on my knees.
"Then why can't-uh! Can't you- you help yourself?" she gasped as I rode her. "You want me-oh- to be your- your slut? I'll be-ah! I'll be whatever you want..."
"I want-ugh-I want you outta my- my fucking life!"
"Ah! Yeah- you can't-mmph-can't even stay out of my- ah- my pussy!"
I was pushing myself as far into her as I could go, holding it a little each time I was buried in her up to the hilt of my dick. I was a man possessed.
"You- you need it...Ah! You need to come bad, don't you baby?" she grunted. "If you can- can stop yourself...Oh...I'll- I'll leave you alone..."
My mind was reeling.
"But-uh- if you come... If you unload in my little-ah- pussy...Mm-then you know-know you can't resist me..."
I slowed down my thrusts.Just pull out of her, idiot. Now is your chance! I couldn't quite will my body to stop.
"Yeah- just try and give up...Ah! I'll be whatever you want,oh- your little slut-on-the-side! Oh! You want that?"
Shut up! It was too much. She was so fucking bad. I felt myself hitting the point of no return.
"Ah! Fuck me! Fuck this naughty little pussy that-oh- that you thought you- you couldn't have... Give- ah-give in!"
That was it. My mind went blank as my climax took over. I started pumping streams of cum into her; filling her up. She pushed her ass into my pelvis as hard as she could, grinding a little to make me come even more. I had one hand on her hip, another on her shoulder, pulling her into me at the same time. I don't know if she said anything else while I was coming; I was lost in the feeling.

VI

What happened next was a blur. I remember her conquering, giddy smile. I tried to rush her out the door as fast as I could, but she was determined to be casual about it. She was completely cocky.
"You loved that, didn't you?" she insisted. "How long until you're going to be thinking about it again?"
I told her that she had to leave. I don't think I was forceful anymore; just pleading.
"I love that you can't resist me...Mm- Now I know you're mine. The question is: will you keep trying to resist?"
I opened the door and grabbed her arm to lead her through. On her way out, she smiled, "I'll be thinking about you..." She hopped out in front of me and bent over slightly, letting her skirt ride up her ass. With a quick swat, she spanked herself in front of me, "I look forward to you...punishing me for today. I know how much youhate me..."
I slammed the door, ashamed that I was already getting hard again. I desperately flew around the house, spraying air freshener, brushing my teeth, throwing on a different pair of clothes. Kristen came home shortly thereafter.
She gave me a piteous look. "You look like a mess!"
"Long day at work," I lied.
"I'll tell you what. Let me unwind a little and then we'll go out for burgers. My treat!"
"Uh- that's not necessary. I'm pretty- pretty tired."
"No way! You've been stressed lately. It'll be fun. Good food and, hey, if you're lucky, we'll see that cute waitress you like!" she gave me a wink.
I forced a weak grin.
About an hour later, we pulled up to the restaurant. The entire ride I was on nerves. I tried to talk her out of going but I gave up, fearing that I was sounding paranoid or suspicious. I remembered Alyssa had mentioned that she was working tonight. Hope, hope, hope she was joking.
We took a free parking space and waited about a minute until a waitress came. She had a smile from ear to ear. I rolled down the window and Alyssa skipped up. "Hi, how are you guys?" She gave me a knowing look. "Back for more, huh?" she smirked.

***

As always, I hope you enjoyed the story. If you have any comments or feedback, I would love to hear it. Thanks for reading.
