The shower door burst open and I felt a playful slap on my bare butt. I yelled out, but more for effect than anything else. I would never let on, but I was thrilled to death.
"Move over Shrimp." My Sister said slapping my ass again smartly. I turned and grabbed her. My body was wet and soapy and we wrestled playful, gloriously naked, mock fighting, growling, and moaning as we turned, pushed, and pulled under the pouring water. She became wet almost instantly and her body slid against mine, wonderfully slick. We wrestled and moved against each other. I loved the feel of her slick skin against mine, and I pressed hard against her, my pussy pushing against her hard-muscled thigh. I wanted to hump it!
I was very conscious of her two breasts pressing against my face. I'm a year younger than she is and her large firm breasts were just above mine. Mine are just a little smaller than hers but a nice C cup and filling out nicely thank you.
"Get your huge tits out of my face, you Big Fat Cow," I yelled out. This had the desired effect - for me! She threw her shoulders back rubbed her firm breasts against my face. I turned and my lips were against her jutting nipples. I pressed my face against them again and again as I turned my face in mock horror, but in truth I loved it.
I really wanted to suck on those firm nipples. I loved the look and feel of hers. I just wished I could suck them for even a short moment. Her soft slick flesh pressed against my face and her nipples mashed against my lips. I turned back and forth like I was fighting her, but I really loved every second of it. Her erect nipples raked my face, my lips. God, I was in heaven.
With her superior weight and strength, she turned me around and took my arm and pulled it back and upward in a hammerlock, while she held me close against her. She had me! My arm hurt and I quickly yelled "Uncle! Uncle! You're hurting me!"
"Say you're sorry!" She growled.
"I'm sorry," I repeated, giggling.
"Say you're sorry you called me a Big Fat Cow!" She giggled too, easing up on my arm behind me. I could feel her stomach muscles jump against my back as she laughed.
"I'm sorry I called you a Big Fat Cow, you Big Fat Cow!" I laughed back. She released me, hugged me to her, and slapped my butt several times, stinging slaps, but her delicious breasts against my face made it all worthwhile. We laughed and giggled, hugging each other under the shower. God, I loved her!
She released me and I went back to soaping my body. She took the soap from my hand and began to lather her body. 'Fat cow' - there was not an ounce of fat on her, or on me for that matter. She was tall and muscular from the gymnastics she did. Her muscles rippled under her skin, her body was well-formed from all the gymnastic exercises she did. I looked at her body with the pride of a sister who loves her big Sister to distraction. My body is smaller, slender, and has the long muscles of a competitive swimmer, my specialty. My breasts are still developing, not as much as I'd like for them to, just starting to develop larger nipples like hers and Mom's silver dollar brown areolas. I heard someone call Mom 'Zaftig' once. I had to look it up and found it meant 'well rounded' in German. She was that, busty, and held herself tall and stately with breasts held high.
As we washed I stared at her breasts. They were nicely full, well-shaped and she has, what she said her boyfriend Ronnie called "puffy nipples." The areolas -- she taught me that term -- were almost three fingers wide, and bulged like swollen bee stings. The nipples were long and prominent too. Hard! I felt a stirring as I looked at them again.
She reached down and soaped her pussy. I loved that term "pussy" she had taught me. Her pussy hair was a lovely brown, trimmed neatly in an inverted triangle, and the lather swirled around in it as she washed. She looked down and saw me watching her.
"Have you washed your pussy?" She asked looking into my eyes.
I had several times, but lied innocently, with a straight face. "No, not yet"
"Ok, wash it like I showed you." She nodded toward my wet pussy hair which clung to my skin. My slit is deep and my inner lips don't protrude.
My heart jumped. I was going to do it in front of her. "Show me again how you do yours and I'll do mine at the same time.
She shook her head like I was a dunce. I think she knew I just wanted to watch her wash her pussy too. "OK, Dummy. I'll show you again. You sure aren't the swiftest fish in the stream are you?"
I dropped my head in mock shame. I had to hide a grin. She took the soap and lathered her hands; she spread her legs wide and ran her fingers down and in between her pussy lips. I watched fascinated as she slid a finger up and down her slit over and over, then inward and I could tell she had slid it up inside her pussy. She did it again and again. She closed her eyes a little as she rubbed her finger up high on her pussy. I knew how that felt!
She seemed to catch herself, opened her eyes, and caught me avidly watching. "Now you do it." Her voice was just a little hoarse, or was it my imagination?
I took the soap and lathered my hands and repeated her actions over and over. I loved the feel of my slippery fingers on my pussy, especially with her eyes watching me.
"Wash at the top real good, where your clit is! Make sure it's very clean." She eyed me and her hand went back to her pussy and her lather-covered finger moved up and down her slit. We stood inches apart, fingers playing up and down our pussies, "washing" them.
I didn't need any encouragement to clean my small but firm clit. I could feel it grow harder and longer under my finger and, God, it felt wonderful! I watched her fingers moving up and down - "washing" her pussy. I think we both knew what we were doing, masturbating in a fashion, in front of each other.
"Now slip a finger up inside. Careful, you don't want to scrape yourself with your fingernail." She said as she slid a finger way up inside herself again. I mimicked her every motion, my thighs spread wide, and I squatted a little. We had done this together frequently and still did it to tease each other. Just having fun together in the shower. I slid a wonderfully feeling soapy finger up inside my tight pussy. My finger felt wonderful inside me. There was no barrier now as my fingers had long ago pushed aside and broken the membrane there. I guess I was no longer a "virgin. Technically that is!
My finger inside myself felt so good. A tingling feeling deep inside me was growing, my pussy ached, and I was getting so close. I looked at my lovely Sister and saw she was feeling the sensations too.
"Now your backside, wash it good too." She said, coming back to the real world for a moment. She turned a little and slid a soapy finger up and down between her rounded butt. I did the same. Mine was slightly smaller, but I slid my finger up and down between my ass cheeks, over my sensitive ass hole. It felt nice there, but not as good as it did when I ran it over my clit. I watched as her hand moved up and down, knowing her fingers were moving over her butt hole. I did the same.
"Now make sure it's good and soapy then slide your finger inside. Relax your muscle back there and slip it inside. You want to get your ass good and clean too." She said watching me. She turned me around a little and pushed gently on my shoulders, making me bend forward so she could watch. I loved that! How many times had we done this? I spread my legs wide bending from the waist. I knew she could see my exposed asshole the way she was standing behind me. I pushed and made my little hole pout. I found the small opening and slid my finger inside carefully. Mnn, it felt so nice. I slid it in and out slowly. I knew she could clearly see my finger moving in and out of my ass. It made me even hotter.
"Good, soap your hand once again and do it over. You want to make sure you are clean back there. One more time!" She said her voice a little lower now. She had turned slightly and I could see her hand moving in front, and her hand in back pushed a finger in and out of her ass. By the motion of her hand and arm in front of her, I could tell she was rubbing her clit. My body got real tingly and ached as I watched her. I turned my head away a little but watched her out of the corner of my eye; she was rubbing her pussy faster and faster. Her finger was sliding in and out of her butt at the same time.
I could see the flesh of her anus -- yes, I knew that term, move as she slid her finger in and out. Her flesh seemed to pout outward as if not wanting to let go of her finger as it slid outward. As she slid it in, it pushed the flesh inward slightly. I imagined my own finger was doing the same while she watched me. Her body gave a little shudder and I heard a soft sigh, almost covered by the running water. I knew that wonderful feeling. I know mine felt really good at times. I guess it felt good for her too.
She straightened up a little unsteadily. "OK, that's probably clean enough. Be sure and do that real good, every time you shower." She took the soap and washed her hands well, then took some shampoo and began to wash her hair. While she had her eyes closed I looked at her body. I leaned close, looking down at her pussy, and could see her pussy lips parted as she stood legs spread. The water streamed down her body and her pussy was like two pouting lips. They were spread slightly and very red. That ratfink, she had rubbed herself till she came. Her pussy lips gleamed with the water running off of them. It looked like she was peeing. I would love to watch her do that up close. That thought sent a shiver up my spine. I was really getting excited. "Horny" as the fuck books said!
I turned my body a little and ran my soapy finger up and down my slit over and over, moving it over my clit. Clit, I knew it was actually called a clitoris and knew how to pronounce it with the accent on the first syllable. She had taught me that. She had shown me her pussy one day and named each part of her pussy as she opened herself up to me. I was fascinated and it really gave me a tingly feeling in my pussy watching her do it, my face inches away from her spread sex. I could smell her delightful odor and it almost drove me crazy. Her flesh had been gleaming wet from her pussy juices. Her odor had surrounded me and I remember salivating like mad.
I rubbed faster and faster, my body becoming more and more excited. I was close to it, almost there, close to that wonderful feeling I got when I really rubbed it till I almost fainted it felt so good.
"There, now wash my back, Sis." She said straightening up, finishing with her shampoo.
Crap, I was almost there! Reluctantly, I took the washrag, soaped it well, and washed her back carefully with it. My hands were shaking a little from my excitement; I had been just on the edge of that wonderful feeling. I ran the washrag up and down her back till it was clean. She took it out of my hand and washed her front. I watched as her breasts bobbed and swayed as she washed them. All too soon, she was finished. She turned me and washed my back all too quickly. I wished she had done it with her hands.
"Let's get out, or we'll look like prunes!" She laughed as she slid around me, her slick body rubbing against mine. I loved the feel of it against my skin.
"I still have to wash my hair." I lied. I had already washed it once.
"Boy you sure are slow!" She gave me a quick hug and then a playful swat on my rear. She got out and closed the shower door. I saw her take a towel and begin to dry off. Her back was to me. I took the soap and lathered my hand. I was facing the door watching her. I spread my legs a little giving my hand more room. I slid a finger up and down my slit while watching her dry off. If she turned toward me, I could turn quickly away. As long as she was facing the other way she couldn't see me rubbing my pussy. I thought of her fingers rubbing against her pussy, her other hand with a finger sliding in and out of her ass. I put a finger deep inside my ass, pushing it in and out. My other fingers played over my clit, faster and faster.
I watched her, seeing her sexy body through the lightly frosted glass, slightly veiled but still visible. Her cute ass wiggled as she toweled off. My fingers flew faster and faster. She turned to the side a little and I saw her beautiful rounded breasts bob slightly as she moved. What lovely breasts, I wanted to kiss them, caress them, and suck her long nipples.
My clit seemed to grow under my fingers, feeling more wonderful each second, my breathing became faster and faster and then my whole universe seemed to explode. I bit my lip to keep from crying out as the fantastic feeling swept through my body. I saw stars and had to keep from yelling out it felt so wonderful.
It seemed to go on and on till finally I gasped and fell against the side of the shower. I managed to stand panting for a moment, my knees shaking. Then I straightened up and took some shampoo and made a pretense of washing my hair. I looked around when I was through, and she was gone. I wanted to see her beautiful naked body some more. Drats, I was disappointed.
I got out and was standing there drying off. I was facing the way she was when she had dried off. I looked in the bathroom mirror, and the angle was such that she could have seen the whole shower door from where she had been standing, with her body turned away from it.
Had she watched me? I blushed. She probably knew I was lying, and excited, and watched me climax, cum, explode! I had read those words in some of the dirty fuck books she kept hidden in her closet. Mom would have a fit if she knew they were there, and Sis would have a real hissy fit if she knew I had been looking through her things.
I dried off. She had watched me, I was sure of it! The thought kept running through my brain over and over. I was positive! I was spent now, totally relaxed. Feeling fantastic! Sis had watched me bring myself off! Wow, taking a shower with Sis was really wonderful.
It was finally the weekend, and Sis and I hadn't taken another shower together. I wanted to, but our schedules didn't match. Seems she was either up earlier or later than I was when we had to take a shower. Our parents were going to be gone all weekend. Maybe we could take another one together, a nice long one. I really hoped so. My pussy tingled at the thought!
Our parents had left strict orders that Ronnie, her boyfriend, could not come over that weekend or she's be grounded for the rest of her life. Mom had asked Brandi our next-door neighbor, and her best friend, to watch over us while they were gone, so Sis knew that having Ronnie come over was out. She was really disappointed.
We were watching TV, in our nightclothes on Sis's bed. She had on a sexy frilly top with a bottom that was almost transparent. I had on a t-shirt and, some pretty nylon panties, not very sexy though, but then I didn't have very sexy underthings. My bras were plain white. Not sexy at all.
The movie on the pay-TV channel was pretty hot, a man and woman kissing and making out. There was lots of nudity in it, and the man was kissing her large sexy breasts. Hot! We weren't supposed to watch that channel! I looked over at Sis and could just make out her erect nipples poking up under the thin material. She would rub her hand over her breast from time to time when she didn't think I was looking. It was getting to her too. I hoped I could start some sexy talk with her. No harm in trying!
"Does Ronnie like to kiss you?" I grinned, looking over at her.
"Kiss me?" She giggled. "Where?"
"On your lips.?" Suddenly it struck me. "Oh, on your breasts too? Does he do that?" I asked wide-eyed.
"Yes silly, he loves to kiss them. I told you he calls my areolas 'puffy'. How do you think he knew to call them that?" She laughed and cupped one breast.
Damn, that was sexy looking! "Do you like for him to do that? Does it feel nice?" I asked my tummy doing flip-flops.
She was silent for a while looking at the TV screen. She finally turned to me. "Promise to never tell a soul if I tell you? If you ever breathe a word I'll fix you good! Promise?" She said very seriously.
I held up my hand -- 'Girl Scouts honor'. I turned and scooted closer to her. My bare arm touched her warm arm and it felt so nice.
"Well, we got to kissing one night and he was French kissing me, had his tongue in my mouth. We were in the back seat of his car out in the boonies. He really got me so hot; finally, he pulled my top and my bra off, licked and sucked my nipples and breasts. God it felt so good I was so hot I thought I'd faint. I lay back and just let him play with my breasts.
"He put his hand in my panties and got to my pussy hair, but I made him take it out. I let him stroke my pussy through my panties. He kissed my nipples and breasts for the longest time. He got a hard-on; I could feel it against my leg, and my panties were drenched. But it got late and I had to come home. I ran into the house, almost tore my clothes off, jumped on the bed, and got myself off. I almost exploded I was so excited. I bit my lip so hard to keep from screaming I drew blood and my lip swelled up a little."
"Like you came in the shower the other day when we were there together?" I teased her.
"Yeah, like that, except hotter, more explosive. You Fink you! I watched you get off in the shower too; you're a fine one to talk. I saw you with one finger in your ass and the other rubbing your clit." She got a huge grin on her face and laughed out loud. "Not that I blame you. I did get you hot, didn't I? Making you wash your pussy and ass over, and over, and over. It's fun, isn't it? You have a cute body Sis growing into womanhood. After all, you are eighteen now"
I blushed. "Thanks, yours is fantastic. I loved watching your rub yourself. And I loved seeing your pussy up close while you were shampooing." I grinned back at her.
"I saw you peeking, Shrimp!" She giggled. "We are bad! Mom said we could take showers together. She said she and Aunt Pat did it when they were young. She got this naughty smile on her face, like, you know, she knew what we were doing in there and didn't mind. She's something else!"
"Does Ronnie kiss your pussy too?" I asked seeing how far I could go.
"Why you little impertinent Imp. Where did you get that idea?" She asked shaking her head and pointing her finger at me. "You Rat, you have been in my fuck books, haven't you? I thought it looked like someone had been going through them. I wondered if Mom had found them. If she had, I think they would have disappeared, or I would have gotten a long boring lecture. They are pretty raunchy! I got them from Dottie, not Ronnie. Her folks don't mind if she reads them. I ought to tan your cute ass for snooping in my stuff." She pointed her finger at me again, grinning down at me. "Did you get off reading them? Some of them really are hot and -- oh God, really raunchy! Super Man fucking Wonder Woman with this HUGE cock"
We laughed together. She wasn't as mad as I thought she'd be. "Well, does he kiss your pussy?" I asked again giggling.
"You are a Scamp aren't you? Promise not to tell?" I nodded. "Yes he has, and it was fantastic. I flat won't let him fuck me, even with a rubber on. He can finger me all he wants but I don't want to get pregnant or catch something. Oh, he wants to fuck me soooo bad!"
"He kissed your pussy, really?" I gasped trying to think of his lips there.
"That's not all!" She giggled lowering her voice. "He put his tongue inside me, licked my pussy over and over till I came. God, I thought I'd go crazy."
I gasped, I had read a little about men kissing women's pussies in her fuck books but thought it was just fiction. "He actually licked your pussy, and put his tongue inside you? Jeeese!" I was flabbergasted.
"And it was fantastic. He licked my pussy for the longest time and sucked and licked my clit. He put a finger inside me pumping it in and out and I came like there was no tomorrow. It was out of this world, I almost fainted it felt so damn wonderful.
"He made me promise not to tell any of the other girls he ate me. Some guys think it's nasty and they make fun of 'cuntlappers.' I won't tell anyone, I don't want to get a bad reputation. The next thing they would say was we were fucking, which we definitely haven't. Don't you dare breathe a word about it! OK? You do and you are D-E-A-D! You got that Missy?" She said very seriously.
I promised and was thinking about him sucking her breasts and licking her pussy. My mouth watered.
"Is it like French kissing? Betsy and I do that a lot. It's fun. We like to do each other. It feels so good doesn't it?" I giggled.
"You and cute Betsy Frenching each other. You two are really naughty! Do you do anything else?"
"Like what?" I asked not knowing what she meant.
"Oh come on! You know, playing with each other's pussies or tits, while you French each other." She said tilting her head, a lopsided grin on her pretty face.
"No. We just kiss each other. That's all. It feels really nice." I said, then my mind kicked in. "Do you and Dottie play with each other's pussies." Dottie was a close friend and had stayed overnight in our house many times. They always locked the door and I could hear giggling and laughing but never thought too much about it.
"What do you think, Shrimp?" She laughed, rolling her eyes up dramatically, giving me her answer.
I sat looking at the TV screen, but not really seeing it. My mind was running a mile a minute. She and Dottie? Dottie was now twenty and drop-dead-gorgeous. This was some heavy shit she was laying on me. My Sister and her best friend making love! Damn!
We sat silently watching the sex action on the TV screen. Our conversation was hotter than the screen action. I got my courage up and finally said, "Sis, I really like taking showers with you." I said in a small voice. My throat had tightened up at the thought of telling her this.
"I like it too." She said absentmindedly, not seeming to pay too much attention to my statement.
"You know what I like best about it?" I asked my mouth feeling like it had cotton in it. I could feel my whole body tingle. She didn't say anything but turned her head to me and looked at me, giving me her full attention. "I like to feel you against me, you feel so nice when we are wet. I really like to feel your tits against my face. I - I - well, I wanted to suck on your nipples. I loved seeing your pussy too. It's so pretty and so sexy too."
"Really? It feels so sexy having you against me too when we are wet. I got hot the other day when you were washing your cute pussy. God, I got so hot I had to cum watching you fucking your ass with your finger and rubbing your clit. You gave that cute little asshole of yours a real workout. Watching your soapy finger sliding in and out was so damn sexy. I know how good it feels when I do it to myself or Dottie does it to me!
"I was mean. I should have let you bring yourself off while I did myself. I don't know why I did that? We could have watched each other. But you did cum while I was outside drying off. I watched you in the mirror. I almost did myself again, but I went into my room and made myself cum on the bed, thinking about you slipping your finger up your cute little ass. I had watched you cum and ran out and did it to myself. I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry! I tend to be a fuck-up sometimes. Forgive me Sis?"
My tension gone, I grinned and stuck my tongue out at her, we laughed. We sat in silence, neither of us talking, and not really watching the TV either.
"Would you like to kiss my tits and suck them? I'll let you if you want to." She asked softly.
I couldn't talk, I just nodded dumbly. She sat up and pulled the top off and sat there in just the thin bottoms. Her breasts were beautiful; the nipples were erect and sticking way out. I loved the puffy swollen areolas, twin fully rounded breasts. The skin was soft looking with pale white skin. My lips puckered looking at her nipples.
She moved to the edge of the bed and hung her legs off of it. She motioned for me to get on the floor between them. I slid off the bed onto the thick carpet and knelled between her spread thighs. I could make out the shadow of her brown pussy hair through the thin material of her sexy panty bottoms. It was pulled up tightly in her pussy, right along her prominent crevice. I stared at it.
I wished she'd take them off. I moved closer and knelled up in front of her, between her spread thighs. She reached out and pulled me to her. Her breasts pressed against my chest, her nipples seemed to be drilling two holes in my skin. Her body was hot as could be. She bent her head and kissed me softly on the lips. I almost melted. Her kiss was so soft and her lips warm against mine. Her tongue slid out and played along my lips. God, I almost died!
Betsy and I had kissed lots of times. I finally managed to meet Sis's tongue with mine, and our tongues played against each other. My hand was on her arm and I felt her take it and move it. She put it on her breast and rubbed it over the firm globe. I almost fainted it felt so wonderful. I let my hand roam over her hot breast, her hard nipple pressing against the palm of my hand. She pressed her chest forward against my hand as our tongues played. It was so erotic.
Kissing Betsy was never like this! I was kissing my big Sister and playing with her breast at the same time. I had died and gone to heaven! My heart was beating a mile a minute. I pulled back and looked at her sexy breasts. The nipple I had been caressing was hard and longer now. I had done that! Me!
"You are really a good kisser Sweet One. You and Betsy must have been doing a lot of practicing!" She leaned in and kissed me lightly on the lips. I took both hands and ran them over her soft breasts. The skin was so soft, yet beneath the skin, her breast was firm. I squeezed and stroked them. It felt wonderful. I felt a hot tingling sensation run through my whole body.
"I hope when my boobs fill out more, they are as sexy as these." I grinned up at her. I stroked them over and over, and then played with the nipples, pulling and rolling them between my fingers. I could feel them swell and become even harder. It was making my mouth actually water and my pussy began to tingle while I looked at them.
"Kiss them. I love to have them kissed and the nipples sucked on. Come on Baby, I want you to suck them for me. Please?" She asked a little breathlessly.
I bent and kissed the tip of her neglected breast. I took the long nipple between my lips and sucked on it. It was warm and the tip hard. I ran my tongue around the hard tip and against her swollen areolas. Jeeez, I was actually sucking my Sister's breasts. I couldn't believe it! I sucked on them like I was nursing, while my hands cupped and stroked them. My body went hot all over.
Her eyes were closed and she seemed to really be enjoying it. I pressed in a little and took more of her nipple and breast in my mouth, opening my mouth wide, sucking harder. God, it felt so fantastic, and her skin tasted so good too. I could taste the powder she used on them. Her skin tasted so sweet. I cupped her breast with both hands, squeezing it, molding it, trying to get more of it into my mouth. The shape of it helped me, but my mouth was too small and her breast too large. I tongued her nipple like I do when I kiss Betsy's tongue, flicking it around and around the swollen areola and using it against her hard nipple. It seemed to get longer as I sucked.
I pulled back a little and saw she had a hand down against her pussy, rubbing it through the thin cloth. Her finger ran along the furrow, pressing the cloth deeper into her pussy. I sucked her nipple again and put my hand down over hers while she moved it up and down her slit.
"Take your bottom off, please Sis. Let me see your pussy. I want to watch you play with yourself. Oh, please?" I begged her.
She stared at me a moment then nodded. I moved back as she lifted her ass and pulled her panties off. I noticed the crotch material was dark, wet with her juices. Her eyes were very wide open, almost as if she were in a trance. She kicked the flimsy bottom aside and sat back down.
She spread her thighs and I moved back between them and kissed her breasts, going from one to the other. I moved my head sideways so I could see her pussy out of one eye. Her fingers played up and down her spread slit. The odor of her excitement surrounded me. It was the sexiest thing I had ever smelled, another woman's excited pussy, spread wide, open inches from my face. I could feel the heat from her thighs and pussy. I actually trembled as I inhaled her odor.
One hand went to the back of my head and pressed me against her breast a little harder. I felt her fingernails dig into my scalp. I didn't mind at all. I sucked harder, tongued faster. Her fingers moved faster against her clit, making little circles around her pink clit. I could see it momentarily when her finger moved out of the way for a split second.
I was so close I could hear the little liquid sounds her fingers made against her wet pussy. She began to moan and whimper. I cupped her breast firmly and sucked hard on her nipple. It tasted divine. I put my hand on top of hers carefully feeling the motion of her hand. I moved it a little so as not to obstruct my view, so I could see her clit and her fingers playing over it.
She began to gasp and she cried out as she came. She moaned, then screamed out as her body went into shivers of delight as she climaxed. I was glad the folks weren't home! My pussy was on fire and I wanted to rub it so bad, but I wanted to help her cum. I sucked and tongued her nipples going from one to the other, back and forth. She gave one last long undulating scream of joy and fell back on the bed, her breast pulling from my lips.
She lay panting. Her legs were spread and I could see her wet pussy, it was beautiful. I had only seen it wide open like this once before, but I leaned in and looked at it closely. The lips were swollen and puffy, her clit a small pink bean at the top. Below, her neat brown ass hole looked inviting too. But her opening was like a red rose. There was a little of her juice in the middle, a small pool. My mouth watered as I looked at it.
"Ohhh, thank you, Sis! That was fantastic. I came like gangbusters. Wild! I loved your lips and tongue on my nipples. You are some lover. Come here and let me hold you."
I moved up on the bed and she pulled me on top of her, holding me against her hot body. I kissed her lips and she kissed me back softly. I lay on top of her hot heaving body. I had helped my Sister get off. I had kissed my first breast and loved every second of it. I felt like a million dollars.
My Sister and I lay kissing softly. I was lying on top of her hot body, skin to skin. She was still breathing heavily from her climax. I nestled my body down against hers. I shook my head slowly. I had just kissed her breasts while she rubbed her pussy and made herself cum. I had done it!
I had dreamed of doing that for years as we grew up, but now I had really, actually done it. I had gotten to suck and kiss her nipples and helped her cum. My hand on top of hers had felt the motions as she played with her clit. I was so happy, but my pussy was tingling and I wanted more. My hips seemed to have a mind of their own. They pushed downward against my Sister's body. I was nestled between her thighs and my pussy pressed downward against her spread naked pussy. My clit seemed about to burst.
She giggled. "Why Sis, I think you are horny. You're dry fucking me. Poor Baby, is your pussy hot?"
"It's on fire, my clit seems like it will explode, it burns so. I have never felt it like this before." I said frowning.
"Well, you helped me cum, now it's my turn to help you get off. I'm glad Mom and Dad aren't here. I would have just scared them to death when I screamed out just now. Your sucking my tits really got me going. Thanks. Now it's your turn to cum. Want to?" She laughed. Of course, I did.
She rolled on her side and dumped me on the wide bed. She took my t-shirt and pulled it up and over my head. Before I knew what was happening she had pulled my panties down and off. She did something unexpected, she took them and put them to her nose, and breathed in, smelling my odor on them. The crotch was wet! Her eyes sparkled above them. I lay on the bed beside her, totally naked, like she was. My panties flew across the room. She began to stroke my body. God it felt so wonderful to have her hands move over me. She kissed my face, my neck, my ears; I never knew that could feel so nice.
When she got to my breasts, she sucked on my nipples. I knew they were sensitive, but no one had ever sucked and licked them. My nipples came to life and she gleefully sucked them to two hardpoints and nibbled on them with her teeth. It made chills run down my spine and my pussy ache like crazy. She took them between her fingers and rolled and pulled them till they really stuck way out, rock hard. She licked all over my breasts. Her hands were moving slowly over me. I lay on my back my thighs spread wide. My pussy felt about to explode.
Finally, her hand cupped my pussy mound and she squeezed it. I moaned it felt so good. "You like that? Dottie and I got to French kissing each other one night in this very bed and we kept going farther and farther. You'll love what I'm going to do to you next. Just relax and enjoy it. You have never felt anything like what I'm going to do to your little sweet sexy box. I'm going to eat you till you cum like you have never cum in your life." She almost growled her voice had dropped so low. She was obviously anticipating it too.
I shivered wondering what she was going to do to me. I thought I knew, but it was never clear in the fuck books just what the women did to each other. They "ate" each other, but didn't really go into much detail. Now my Sister was to "eat" me.
She got off the bed. She took two pillows, had me lean forward, and put them behind my back and head. "There, that's so you can watch me. It makes it so much more fun that way, you can see me eating your sweet 'virgin' pussy." She moved down to the foot of the bed and kneeled down. She leaned on the bed and spread my legs wider. She was looking up at my spread pussy. My pussy tingled and I almost couldn't seem to get my breath.
"Ohhh, your pussy is so pretty. So clean and neat! Damn, Sis, why didn't we think of this before? Your pussy is so virginal. Mnnn, I've wanted to eat you for so long. But first I want to really look at your sweet pussy, tease you a little, and make you and me both want it so bad we can taste it. Dottie and I do that to each other, and when we cum it's like the world has turned inside out." She said as she slid upward.
She took her fingers and slowly stroked my inner thighs, softly, slowly. I shivered and goosebumps popped up all over my body. I bent my head so I could see her better. My mind raced, she and Dottie eating each other! My God! Now I was going to learn what they did to each other. "EAT?"
She parted my pussy lips gently with a thumb on either side. Her face was inches away, her breath soft against my bare flesh.
"Oh, your pussy is so beautiful, a soft pink, wet and slippery. I can see your little opening, like a pale rose. Here's your little pee hole, small and neat. I'd like to see you pee sometime. Would you like to pee for me?" She asked looking up at me, eyes naughty and sparkling.
I could hardly talk, my mouth felt as if it were full of cotton. I almost croaked out, "Oh, God, yes but I want to see you pee too. I want to see you do it too, oh yes."
"It's fun to do it. Pee while someone is watching you, their face real close to your pussy. Watch the pee come out of that little hole. We'll do it together, soon!" She said her eyes riveted to my pussy. I jumped as her finger touched me there, pressing against my pee hole. My urethra. It felt so strange, so good. She rubbed it around and around.
"God, your pussy is so soft and virginal. The lips are pink and neat." I felt her fingers play over my pussy lips and spread them a little more. Her fingers caught my inner lips and pulled them upward. I looked down and her face was almost touching my spread pussy. "Oh, there's your pretty little clit. Mnnn, so small and pretty. It will grow. Play with it a lot." She laughed. "Wash it very good every time you take a shower. I'll suck on it and maybe that will make it grow. You'll have to teach Betsy to suck on it while you suck on hers too."
I cried out as her lips found my clit and she sucked on it hard. Her cheeks bowed in and out as she sucked and released the pressure again and again. Her tongue played over the end of it. I loved running my slippery finger over it, but her lips and tongue were so much better. She had me right on the edge. I hunched up against her mouth but she backed up and removed her mouth. I almost went crazy I wanted it so bad.
"Patience, remember what I said? I want you to be wild with need when you finally cum! Ohhh, your sexy pussy center is so pink and pretty, like a little pink rose. Have you looked at yourself with a mirror?" I nodded. "So pink and tender. Mnn, I have to taste your center."
Her head dropped slightly and her tongue came out. She cut her eyes up at me to see if I was watching. How could I not watch? I jumped as her tongue touched me. It felt as if she had shocked me. She flattened her tongue and ran it the length of my pussy, bottom to top, flicking my clit at the top of the upstroke, giving me sensations that were beyond anything I had ever experienced. My mind whirled; my body felt like a thousand wonderful needles were pricking me all at once.
"Oh, you taste delicious; your pussy is almost dripping. I'm going to love this too." She said as I felt her tongue slide from the bottom of my pussy upward. It felt like nothing I had ever felt in my life. Over and over her hot wet tongue moved up and down my slit. Thrill after thrill shot through my body. She moved her tongue back to the bottom and I felt it press inward just a little.
I cried out as she pointed her tongue and slid it slowly inside me. She wiggled it a little and pressed it farther inside me. Her hot breath seemed to set my pussy on fire. My fingernails bit into the sheet. I pushed my hips upward and her tongue slipped a little deeper inside me. She pushed and it went deeper still. Her tongue was large and my pussy was so small. I felt her lips come down on my pussy and cover it. I cried out and heard her moan, and the vibrations quivered against my pussy, as she sucked hard on the opening. She was sucking my juices out! God, my own Sister. I wanted to do the same to her.
I jumped as she removed her tongue and slid a finger gently inside my pussy. She moved back a little and her lips were gleaming wet. She pulled at my pussy lips stretching them wide and looked inside.
"You naughty girl, you're not a virgin. I can't see your hymen. I'll bet you have been putting things inside here, haven't you? I don't blame you, I did the same thing. I want to put my tongue deeper inside, I'm going to stretch you a little, but stop me if it hurts." She said as she slid a finger deeper inside me. It felt so wonderful, I moaned.
"I don't want to hurt you, just get your cute little pussy a little wider, so I can get my tongue inside you deeper. I love doing that. I can put my tongue as far as I possibly can inside Dottie. Her pussy tastes so sweet. You'd love it too. It's fantastic when she tongue fucks me. I want to have her join us and let her kiss your sweet pussy. Would you like Dottie to kiss you and suck your pussy?" She grinned up at me.
"Would she want to?" I asked not really knowing. She just laughed. I was a pest, they were always shooing me away. Dottie was so beautiful, so cool, so sophisticated, and older than I was.
I gasped as Sis carefully slid another finger inside me. She spread my pussy slowly opening me up. She reached across and using her other hand, put a third finger in me and spread my pussy more and more. It didn't hurt, just felt funny. I could feel her tug and watched her hands move apart a little now and she had two fingers on one side, one on the other side, spreading me open.
"Damn you are so beautiful in there. So pink. I can see clear to the back of your little pussy, Hon, it's gorgeous. So nice and 'pussy pink'. There, now I think I can get my tongue inside you. Ready, Imp?" She didn't wait for my answer. She leaned forward and her tongue slid out, long and pointed. She pressed it down into the opening while she pulled her fingers out of the way. It seemed to fill me up. I cried out it felt so fantastic.
She pressed downward driving her tongue deeper inside me. She wiggled it inside me and I cried in joy. She pushed it in and out again and again I guess that was why it was called 'Tongue Fucking.' My lovely Sister, her mouth on my pussy, her tongue thrusting inside me. 'Tongue fucking' me. Me! She wiggled and thrust her tongue still deeper inside me; I closed my eyes and just let the fantastic sensations wash over my body.
Her lips covered my pussy, sucking as she thrust her tongue in and out. With my lovely Sister's tongue buried inside me, my thoughts turned to Betsy and her sweet, pretty pussy. I wondered if I could do that to Betsy, would she want me to? I could sure find out. We had never done anything except French each other, but we had always gotten hot Frenching. I'd sure try it. I'd seen her cute pussy lots of times, we had looked at each other's pussies closely, but that had been all.
I moaned as she slid her tongue out momentarily and flicked my clit. God, it was so hard it actually ached. I had found it years before and loved to rub and caress it. I had first rubbed it against everything in sight, the stair banister, my pillow, and my stuffed animals. Then one day I put my finger along my young slit and it got wet and slippery. I moved it up just a little and got the wonderful feeling when it ran over my clit. I experimented more and more with it. I learned to rub it and tried all sorts of lubricants to make it really slick till my natural juices got to flowing.
Mom caught me masturbating one day and had a little talk with me telling me that was OK to do, but do it only in private, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with rubbing myself. She cautioned me about putting things inside my puss and ass though.
Some years later I was snooping in Mom's lingerie drawers and found several vibrators and dildos of different kinds. I even tried one of her vibrators on my pussy and it almost made me come unglued. I had never known anything like it. I "borrowed" it quite often when she was out and always cleaned it off and put it back exactly as I had found it.
If Mom ever found out, she never said anything about it. Did she really use it on her pussy? I never thought about her masturbating too, but if she had them, she must. Wild! I wondered if Dad knew she had them? Surely not!
I moaned out loud as Sis's tongue slid back inside me and she sucked my pussy hard. I was getting hotter and hotter. I felt her wet finger play around my ass and then press inward. God that felt so damn good. Her lips moved up and she sucked my clit and began to flick it over and over with her tongue. Her finger slid deep in my ass and that felt fantastic too.
I began to cry out and moan and thrash on the bed. She had one hand holding my ass while the other slid in and out of my asshole. Her tongue flicked over and over my hard little clit and her lips sucked hard on it too. She stayed with me and her vibrating tongue flicked my clit harder and faster. I gripped her head and pressed it hard against my body, as my passion seemed to fill every fiber of my body.
I screamed out as I climaxed, came, exploded, over and over. Her lips and tongue-lashed my hard clit and her fantastic finger thrust in and out of my ass, a totally mind-blowing new set of feelings for me. The sensations seemed to completely overwhelm me. I had never imagined a climax could be this wonderfully intense, but I had never had a mouth on my clit before and a finger buried in my backside thrusting in and out either. I don't know how many fantastic climaxes she brought me to. I seemed to go from one to the next without any let-up. She sucked and tongued me till finally, I went black as my wonderful world exploded around me in a million pieces of glorious color.
I came to with her bathing my face with a cold washcloth. I managed a smile. I think my eyes were crossed, from all the wonderful sensation she had given me. There was a thin sheen of perspiration over my whole body.
She smiled down at me and kissed my lips lightly. "Well, there was no doubt that you enjoyed the hell out of that, Sis!"
I just shook my head and kissed her back. "God, I had no idea that a cum could feel like that."
"The first one with someone can really be something you never forget. I almost came with you. I tend to get hot too when I am making love to a person I really care about." Her eyes told me she really loved me, despite her sisterly taunts.
I managed to kiss her before I fell back exhausted. "God, that was beyond fantastic. I never dreamed it could be so wonderful. I couldn't stop. Your tongue on my clit was the most wonderful feeling I have ever had. I have rubbed my clit, but that was way beyond just a clit climax!" I laughed at the alliteration I had inadvertently put together.
She stroked my body slowly while I recovered. "Do you and Dottie make love together? I have heard you two in your room, giggling and laughing, but I had no idea you did -- that together." I finally managed to get out, still short of breath.
She laughed. "Well, we don't advertise. We usually kiss and caress and get each other hot and wait till we think everyone is asleep then we make love. We have to be quiet though. We did it several times at her house when no one was home and we could really let go. God, she really is a moaner when she really lets herself go. I tend to scream!"
I lay still a moment. "You want her to join us? Really? You aren't just teasing me, are you?" I asked incredulously, not really believing she meant it.
"When I tell Dottie you and I have made it together, I'm sure she will want to join us. She has just made love with me, no other girls. We discovered we liked each other and got to kissing and feeling around. We wound up going from French kissing to kissing each other's breasts. Pussies were just one quick step away from there. It was so fantastic.
"We both go with boys but neither of us will let them fuck us. When we want to cum really hard we manage to get together. We even made it in the gym one evening when everyone else had left. The thought our coach might catch us made it hotter. We kind of think she likes girls too, from the looks we get from her. Dottie and I kind of tease her, let her see us naked, for just a moment, then cover-up. You can almost see her drool!" She laughed.
I lay there on the bed, my Sister's hands slowly stroking my spent body. I looked at her beautiful naked body and thought of Dottie and my beautiful Sister making love, and that they might want me with them made a wonderful thrill run up my spine. God, my Sister, and Dottie, the drop-dead-gorgeous woman wanting to make love to little ole' me.
'Fan-fucking-tastic!' I thought!
I awoke feeling fantastic. Suddenly I turned my head, remembering where I was, and my sexy older Sister's head was inches from mine. We had spent the night sleeping naked together in her big bed. The sheet had slipped down and her beautiful full breasts were exposed. I remembered going to sleep with her snuggled up against my body, feeling her soft breasts against my back, her arm around me. The memories of our lovemaking came back vividly and my pussy stirred. I thought of our shower together, then days later, of kissing her breasts while she brought herself off as I sucked her breasts. Then the glorious feeling of her making love to me, kissing and sucking my pussy till I exploded with lust. My pussy tingled remembering the erotic time we had enjoyed.
I bent over and lightly kissed her nipple. She didn't stir. I opened my mouth and sucked the beautiful nipple with its swollen "puffy" areola a little harder. It tasted delicious. Slowly I sucked it again and again gently. It began to become erect and harden. I twirled my tongue around it, and reached down, and slowly ran my finger along my slit. My clit quickly hardened and throbbed.
"Mnnn, that's a wonderful way to get me hot and awake at the same time!" She said as she stroked my hair sensuously. I moved up and kissed her lips; she slid her tongue along my lips and probed inward. We kissed for a while bodies pressed together. I cupped her wonderful breasts.
Mnnnn, I could get used to this very easily." She said squeezing me. "Too bad we can't do this all the time. Hey, let's get up and have a sexy shower together. We don't have to worry about anyone coming in on us. OK?"
I was absolutely thrilled beyond words. We rolled out of bed and almost ran to the bathroom, and got in the shower. Today there was no pretense. We kissed, hugged, and fingered each other. We let ourselves go wild, kissing thrusting our bodies together. I sucked her gloriously wet naked breasts. Our naughty fingers slipped into pussies and asses, lingering, sliding sensuously up and down and inside also. We had a fantastic climax fingering each other standing under the water. Her slick body against mine, pressing against my finger was fantastic.
We dried each other and vowed to take more showers together. We dressed in shorts and t-shirts with much giggling and horseplay. Relaxed and refreshed, we made breakfast together and ate a hearty meal. We were both famished!
Sis called Dottie and invited her to come over, but didn't tell her anything about my being there. Dottie arrived about an hour later and didn't seem too happy to see me there in the den with Sis.
"Dottie, you won't believe what we have been doing?" Sis happily told her while Dottie looked at me like she wished I would just disappear into thin air.
"Probably not. What's made you so happy?" She asked still a little miffed at my being present.
"Promise never to tell?" Sis asked her. Dottie nodded and said she promised. "Well, we made love and this sister of mine is quite a good lover. Not as good as you, but I think she'll learn. Interested?"
"Wow, that is some heavy shit. You two made it together? Tess, you sure about this, are you?" She asked but her eyes taking my body in said her interest in me had certainly gotten jump-started quickly.
"I've wanted for years to make it with my beautiful sister, Now I'm ready to find out what you two do together and learn more about what a woman does to another woman." I giggled. "I'm just a babe in the woods beside you two!" That got a laugh from both of them and set the mood.
Sis said. "Want to see what a cute bod she has? Her pussy is so sweet and virginal. Well, she's not actually still a 'virgin', but her pussy looks like it. She's had her fingers and God knows what else in her cute little pussy. Come on Tess, show her."
"I'm a little bashful, why don't you undress me?" I said, wanting to feel her hands on me. For Dottie, I would have stripped in a flash, but why pass up some nice caresses from my beautiful Sister? Besides, I wanted my beautiful Sister to undress me in front of Dottie. The thought seemed so much more wicked.
Sis stood up and pulled me to her. She kissed me and her tongue slid into my mouth. We tongue kissed for a couple of minutes while Dottie watched and I stroked and cupped Sis's breasts. Her hands stroked my ass. Finally, she turned me around facing Dottie, and slowly slid my top off.
Dottie watched, sitting on the edge of the couch, her lovely brown eyes taking in my body. Sis caressed me from behind tweaking my nipples and rolling them till they were erect and tingling from her touch. She cupped my breasts and kneaded them till they were swollen with passion. She squatted down behind me unfastened my shorts and slowly, teasing Dottie, slid them down my body. She hesitated just as they would have cleared my pussy. Dottie's lovely eyes were riveted at the hidden treasure.
"Now, feast your eyes on this cute pussy." She said as she slid my shorts and panties down revealing my slit to Dottie. Dottie unconsciously licked her lips and her eyes were locked onto my pussy. Sis slid my shorts and panties off and I stepped out of them and at a touch of her hands, spread my legs apart, letting Dottie have a better look at my bare pussy. I was proud of it and rotated my hips a little toward her.
"Wow, you do have a beautiful pussy, Tess. It looks so virginal. Nice little body too. When you fill out a little more and get larger breasts you are going to be as sexy as your sister and Mom. God your Mom has really sexy breasts, so large. I'll bet your tits will be big too. Come here and let me see you closer, Sweet Thing!" Dottie said her voice a little hoarser now. I noticed she was squeezing her thighs together.
I was thrilled to death that she liked my body and was interested in it. I had always been the tag-along one, the one they always wanted to get rid of. Now I was standing in front of her completely nude and both of them were interested, very interested, in me - in my body. It sent a delightful shiver up my spine.
I moved closer to her, stopping a couple of feet from her. She looked at my body and ran her hands up and down my sides. Goosebumps popped all over my body, and they both laughed.
"Doesn't take much to get her excited, does it?" Dottie laughed and bent forward and kissed my breast. Her tongue slid out and licked my it. She flicked my nipple and then took it into her mouth and sucked it. Sis had gotten it hard and she sucked on it and it seemed to grow still more. I felt her hand slide down between my thighs to cup my pussy. I spread my legs wider for her as her fingers moved over my pussy. I moaned softly. She slid a finger along my slit, reaching under and pressing it into my slit, opening me up. I knew I was wet and her now slick finger slid effortlessly along my pussy. Dottie's teeth nibbled on my nipple sending wonderful shock waves through me. She bit down just a little harder and I loved it.
I felt hands on me, and Sis came up behind me and pressed her wonderfully nude body against mine. She had slipped out of her clothes and her hot breasts pressed against my back. She kissed my neck and licked behind my ear. Ohhh, these two were really getting me hot.
"Why don't we get in bed and do this thing right," Sis said.
Dottie pulled back, and to my astonishment, took her finger put it to her mouth, and sucked her wet finger.
"Mnnn, delicious. I love pussy juice. Let's get in bed. I want to explore this sweet pussy further." She stood up and pulled me to her and kissed my lips. I kissed her back and felt her firm full breasts thrusting against me. She had to lean down a little to kiss me. I felt like a million as this beautiful older woman kissed me and her tongue slid into my mouth. I fenced with her tongue, sucked it, and stroked it with my tongue. They wanted me to join them; they wanted to make love to me. Me! Dottie pulled back.
"Very nice. You are a good kisser. Did your sexy older sister teach you that?" She asked smiling down at me.
"Guess again. Would you believe she and Betsy have been practicing Frenching?" Sis informed her.
"Damn, that Betsy is one cute sexy thing. I'll bet she would make a hot lover too. You two go any further than just kissing" Dottie asked. I shook my head. She gave me that look like she didn't really believe me.
Sis took my hand and led me down the hall. I thought we would go to her bedroom, but she went to the end of the hall and into the master bedroom. "Hey, with the three of us, why don't we use the big nice king-sized bed. Mom and Dad won't mind." We all giggled at the deliciously naughty thought of making love on their bed.
Sis went to Dottie and pulled her into her arms. They kissed, I watched fascinated as Dottie stroked Sis and their tongues obviously were thrusting as their mouths were open wide. It was so damn sexy watching the two beautiful young ladies kissing passionately. Sis's hands moved over Dottie's still clad sexy body, stroking and fondling it. Dottie's hands moved down to Sis's ass and pulled her hips against hers, and their hips thrust and swiveled together.
I watched for a minute then I moved behind Dottie and without asking unbuttoned her blouse in the back. She put her hands down so I could slide it off of her. I unfastened the clasps of her bra and pulled it wide, then slid the straps down off her shoulders.
"Damn, you two are double-teaming me. Kit, this vixen is undressing me already. I think she's going to be a natural lover." Dottie said turning and looking at me. I moved in and took the bra and pulled it slowly forward and off of her breasts.
My mouth dropped open when I saw her bare beautiful breasts. They were larger and fuller than Sis's, more rounded too. I wondered if they were a D cup, they were larger than Sis's, which I knew, were a C cup. The areolas were smaller, but the nipples were as long as Sis's. I couldn't help myself and leaned in and kissed the nipple and sucked on it. My knees want weak it felt so wonderful. I cupped one breast while I sucked the nipple, pulling on it, making it harder and longer. I licked her velvet smooth skin. I loved the taste of it. Her hand went behind my head and pressed me against her sweet-smelling breast. Her perfume enveloped me and my head swam.
"Wow, this little lady knows her way around breasts too. I think we are going to really have a wonderful day of it. Has she kissed and licked your pussy yet, Kit?"
"Oh yes, she's a natural and she can sure French. I think Frenching Betsy came in handy for her. They haven't really discovered each other yet, other than kissing. We'll show her some tricks to teach Betsy, won't we?" Sis asked with a wink.
While I kissed Dottie's breasts, Sis moved behind her and slipped her shorts and panties off. She moved back a little and stepped out of them. I looked her body over and whistled out loud. Her body was gorgeous. Her athletics had rounded her body and she was well muscled and fit as could be. She wasn't as well muscled as Sis, but her body could have graced the centerfold of any man's magazine!
Her stomach was softly rounded. Below her pussy hair was cropped close at the top, amazingly in a perfect heart shape. She had shaved below, so that no hair on the lower part of her pussy would show when she did the acrobatics while in gymnastics. It was so smooth looking. I loved the look of it and it made my mouth water. I hoped I would get to try it out and lick it.
" Sis, like my lover's body? She is in fantastic shape isn't she? I want you to taste her too. She has the sweetest tasting pussy, and she gets so wet when we make love. I think you two will make wonderful lovers for each other."
Dottie moved to the bed and lay back taking my hand and pulling me onto it. She laid me back and moved over me to begin kissing my body. I shivered at her touch. She was so beautiful. Her shoulder-length brown hair fell over me, caressing me. She stroked my body slowly and gently. Her touch was feather-light. She took my nipples between her fingers and rolled them and pulled gently at first then a little harder as they grew longer and harder. She kneaded my breasts knowingly, stimulating them. She bent and took one in her mouth and sucked and nibbled on it. Ohh, she was stimulating them so wonderfully! Would that make them more sensitive? Make them grow larger, quicker. I hoped so!
I stroked her shining hair and reached under and cupped and squeezed her superb breast feeling the hard nipple against the palm of my hand. God, it felt so wonderful to have her make love to me. I had been a bratty younger sister before, now both the older ladies wanted to make love to me. I moaned as she nipped my nipple. The delightful pain seemed to go straight to my hard clit.
Dottie moved upward, and she put her breasts against me and rubbed her hard nipples against mine. Damn, it felt wonderful. She rubbed her hard nipples over my breasts, her full breasts pressing against mine. It felt so good to press against hers! I loved the feel of her hot full firm breasts pressing down. Finally, she moved downward and kissed and licked my stomach and then moved between my legs.
"Ohh, your pussy is so beautiful. I like it! I licked and sucked hers, and was the first person to ever make love to her. Beautiful, absolutely mouth-watering!" Dottie said as she kissed my thighs licked them, making me almost wild with passion. Her tongue slid out and ran lightly along my slit. "Ohhh, your pussy mound is so damn soft. I love it!" Gently she pressed her tongue downward splitting my pussy open. I spread my thighs giving her more room. Her fingers played with my pussy hair. Her fingers spread me even wider and she pushed her tongue down into me. I moaned out loud and Sis moved up close to me and leaned over to kiss my lips.
I was trembling it felt so wonderful, with a skillful pair of lips at my pussy and my Sister's lips and tongue playing over mine. I had never dreamed this was possible. Never in my life had I ever thought it might happen to me. Sis tongued my mouth and one hand played with my breasts stroking them and pulling my nipples and rolling them between her fingers.
Below, Dottie's tongue was working its magic inside me. My pussy was on fire and when her tongue flicked my hard clit I exploded. My hips came upward mashing against her mouth. I cried out and screamed my joy as my body went wild. Having the two of them making love to me was hotter even than just Sis making love to me. They redoubled their efforts and I came in a long series of climaxes till I was totally exhausted and begged for them to stop.
They slowed their assault on my body. Dottie moved up on the other side from Sis and her lips were still wet from my pussy juices. Her eyes were shining with mischief.
"Well, Bratty One, you have an absolutely delicious pussy. Kiss me and taste it off of my lips. I love that." She leaned down and we kissed. I licked her lips and tasted my juices on her. I felt Sis move and her lips and tongue joined ours and we tongued, and licked each other in a frenzy of kissing. A fantastic way to end my first, and I hoped, not my last lovemaking with this gorgeous friend of Sis.
We three kissed and hugged and I caressed both their sexy bodies and wonderful breasts. Their hands roamed over me sensuously. I felt so loved and wanted, between them as their bodies pressed against me.
"Didn't I tell you she had a fresh little delicious pussy?" Sis said kissing Dottie. She got off the bed and went to Mom's wardrobe. "Hey Lover, I want us to try something really hot I found. You will never believe this! I still am not sure why she has it."
She opened Mom's lingerie drawer and reaching in, ran her hands way back under Mom's frilly, sensuous underwear. I had looked in it a number of times, even trying on some of Mom's sexy panties and used her vibrators on myself. The panties were too large for me, but I got a strange sexy feeling putting them on. I even rubbed my pussy through them, being careful not to get the crotch wet and leave telltale stains. I wondered why Sis had poked way in the back of her lingerie.
"Voila!" Sis said pulling out several assorted vibrators and fake cocks. She handed them to us and our eyes went wide, we looked and felt them, giggling and laughing. "Now the piece de resistance." She said with a little flourish pulling it from behind her back, where she had been hiding it. Our eyes really grew big as she showed us a rather large, long dildo with a vinyl skin-colored, panty-like attachment at the bottom to hold the fake cock.
"Good Lord, your Mom has one of those? Why would a married woman want with one of those?" Dottie asked, taking it from Sis's hand and feeling the large long dildo.
"Beats me, I sure don't know, maybe she and Dad play games and she fucks him up the ass!" Sis laughed. "Maybe turn about is fair play?" They laughed uproariously.
I didn't laugh, my head rocked back in shock at the thought. Surely not! My parents? Damn, that was wild, but I remembered how shocked I was the first time I heard how babies were made -- no way would my parents do that nasty-sounding thing, or so I thought at the time!
But I now knew they had sex, no doubt of that, I had heard them several times when I was supposed to have been asleep, had heard the bedsprings creaking, the slap of flesh against flesh, the moans and groans, and Mom's long gasps and quavering sobs of what could only be ecstasy. I had stood in the hall listening, my fingers playing over my clit as I tried to imagine in my mind exactly what they were doing. I'd have a wonderful cum then hop back in bed. Fortunately, I never had been caught listening and masturbating.
"Hey, I remember thinking that my parents would never do that dirty fucking thing, not even to make babies." I finally managed to laugh. Dottie and Sis laughed with me. I felt the fake cock. It looked and felt like real skin and the plastic, for some reason even felt warm to the touch. It even had blue-colored veins on the sides, a large reddish-purple head, and a scrotum at the back.
Sis took the fake cock and put it up to her mouth. . "I hope she washed it the last time she used it!" She ran her tongue along the head. "Yep, tastes like plastic!" We laughed. "Lover, you want me to fuck you, or do you want to fuck me?" She said holding the device up.
"I don't know, neither of us has ever been actually fucked. You decide, we can take turns." Dottie said running her hand up and down the long cock caressing it. It looked really huge to me, and no way would that big thing go into either one of their pussies, I thought!
"OK, I'll try it. Good thing the panties are adjustable. Have to remember to wash it and put it back on the same side when we are through. Don't want Mom to find out we used it! I just can't imagine Mom fucking Dad in the ass is all. Wild! But what else would she have one for? It looks like it's been used, it's certainly not new." Sis said as she slid the latex panties on. It had Velcro adjustable straps, and she pulled and tugged till she had it fitting her hips. We laughed as we saw her, beautiful breasts above and a long cock jutting out below. The panties were flesh-colored and almost disappeared against her skin.
"OK, Doll, where do you want it? I'm The Big Stud, and am going to fuck the Shit out of you!" Sis said in a passable imitation of Bogart!
"How do I know? In my pussy obviously. You're not putting that in my ass, no way Jose! Let me roll over and get on my knees. You can come up behind me. We've seen them do that a lot in the porn videos. Doggy fashion! I'll be your little bitch." She laughed. She rolled over and got on her hands and knees. Sis got behind her and put the dildo against her pussy and pushed a little. It didn't want to go in.
"Sis, look in that bedside drawer and see if there is any lubricant there, Vaseline, or KY jelly, or whatever is in there. There's always some there." My Sister said, looking rather funny sporting this huge male cock in front of her.
I opened the drawer and found a small container. How did she know there was always some lubricant in the drawer? I guess she snooped a lot! I read the label then held it up for them to see. "Can you believe this? Anal lube! I guess Mom does fuck Dad in the ass." I opened it and put some on my hand and lubed up the dildo, then put some along Dottie's pussy lips. I loved sliding my slippery fingers along her spread pussy lips applying the lubricant. She patted my hand and winked at me. My pulse rate went way up!
Sis took the dildo and slipped it up and down Dottie's pussy as I watched. She pushed a little and the large head spread her lips wider but hesitated a moment.
"Wow, that is really filling me up. Easy, Love, you stay still, and I'll push back against you. Let me do the work for a moment. Ooooh, it's really stretching my pussy!" Dottie said as she bent her head and her lovely ass moved back just a little.
I moved very close and watched fascinated as the cudgel pressed against her pussy lips, spreading them even wider then slowly began to move inward. The bulbous head slipped past the tight opening then seemed to pop inward. She gave a sigh of relief. I took my finger and ran it around her lovely pussy and spread the excess lubricant along the shaft.
"Now Lover, fuck me slowly. I'll have to get used to this. I'm not sure how much of that thing I can take in my pussy. This is the first time for something that big. It's a lot larger and longer than my vibrator. Go easy, please?" Dottie said looking back.
That got me to thinking and I reached over and found one of the slender vibrators with a long flexible tip on it with small rubber whiskers and a knobby surface. It was kind of ridiculous looking, but it had to be for the ass.
I turned it on and it hummed softly. My eyes lit up. Little Sister was going to join the fun! I took some of the lubricant and put it along the full length, and a little more on my finger. I watched as Dottie's cute ass pushed backward making the dildo slide deeper inside her pussy. I watched in fascination shaking my head thinking surely it would never all go inside her body. Finally, I put my finger on her cute little brownish hole and ran it around in circles spreading the lubricant over it.
"Whoa, we have a novice player who knows the angles. Mnnnn, yes sweet Tess, put your finger in my ass. I love that. Damn, Kit, your sister is a real wonder. We should have gotten her in with us earlier! She's a natural." Dottie said smiling back at me. My heart soared. I was finally accepted by this gorgeous older lady.
"Oh, yes, Hon, that hit bottom. God that fills me up! Wait a minute and let my pussy get used to that inside me." Dottie said as her butt hit Sis's thighs and the whole dildo was inside her. I couldn't believe she had it all in her. I wondered how long a dildo, or vibrator I could take inside my pussy. I had just used the vibrations against my clit and that sent me into orbit! I'd sure have to try one of the smaller ones, and find out how deep I could take it. I'd bet Sis and Dottie would help me find out!
Dottie wiggled her cute ass, a signal for Sis to fuck her. Sis didn't say anything; she was concentrated on moving the dildo in and out, slowly. I could tell she was worried about hurting Dottie, her best friend, and lover! I ran my finger around Dottie's small brownish star and pressed down a little. I had put my finger in Sis's ass, and now I made sure my fingernails didn't scratch her. It slid inside her tight little hole. I loved the feel of her hot flesh around my finger. It was so tight.
I pushed it deeper inside her and heard her moan. We both were making love to her at the same time. I let my finger move inside her hot rear tube exploring her wonderful ass. I pushed my finger toward the front of her body and was amazed; I could feel the dildo sliding in and out through the thin membrane between her ass and pussy. Wild!
While Sis fucked Dottie, I watched the dildo slide in and out of her beautiful pussy and watched the way her pussy lips moved in and out. When the dildo slid out, it pulled her reddened lips outward, then on the inward stroke, they were pushed in. Her small neat asshole did the same for my finger. I slid it as far inside her as I could. I laid my head against her shapely ass and nuzzled her soft skin. The wonderful aroma of her aroused sex filled my nostrils. She started to move her body with each stroke now as the dildo slid ever deeper inside her. I reached over on the bed and got the vibrating slender probe and as I slid my finger out, I replaced it with the rubber probe.
I slid it slowly inside her and heard her catch her breath as three then four inches slid deep inside her backside. I didn't turn the vibrator function on just yet. I wanted to let Sis, with my help, get her really hot.
"Oh, wow, you hit bottom, Hon. Easy! That rubs against my cervix and it really feels nice. Fuck me slowly now, let me get used to the feeling of having that so deep inside me. It's longer and larger than my vibrator and takes a little getting used to.
"Wow, so this is what if feels like to get fucked! I still am not ready for some guy to fuck me." Dottie moaned loudly, as Sis must have hit an erotic part of her pussy. "Mnn, yes, love that thing. Ask your Mom where we can buy one! Ohhh, yes Baby, fuck me slow now. I'm getting used to it. Your little sister had something way up in my ass and I don't think it's her finger. That feels so sexy, Tess. Slide it in and out in time with your sweet sister.
I looked at Sis, smiled at her, leaned up and kissed her lips then moved down a little to suck and lick her breasts. The nipples were long and hard in her excitement. I wondered if the base of the dildo was giving her any pleasure or it was the thought that she was fucking her gorgeous girlfriend. I timed my thrust into Dottie's bottom to coincide with Sis's slow steady, deep thrusts. I loved watching Sis's cute well-muscled ass thrusting and moving. It was a fantastic scene with Sis fucking her from behind and the anal probe sliding in and out.
Dottie began to moan and wiggle her cute ass, as she got hotter. I moved a little and reached under with my free hand and began to rub her pussy. It only took one or two exploratory strokes till I found her very firm clit, and her gasp told me she loved it. I stroked it slowly at first till she was moaning louder. In a quick movement, I reached back and turned the vibrator on, and then my hand went back to her clit. Her head went back and her body went taut as she neared her climax. Sis saw it too and her hips thrust harder till her thighs were slapping Dottie's delectable ass, and that noise and her moans filled the room. I pumped the vibrating dildo faster and faster in and out of her ass.
Dottie's body bowed forward, her head went down and she screamed out as the two of us brought her to a wonderful climax. My face was close to her ass and I watched her pussy and ass muscles contract around the two intruders. My finger flew over her hard clit adding to her ecstasy. I think she had two long sobbing, moaning climaxes before she finally told us to stop. I turned the vibrator off and pulled it slowly out of her lovely ass. Sis pulled back and the gleaming dildo slid out.
"Wow, you two, that was fantastic. Now I know how it feels to be fucked." She panted. "But I'll wait a while. I'm like you Kit, I don't want to get pregnant or catch something. I'll hold off a few years. But I think we should definitely get one of these. That was fantastic. And you, sexy Tess; it was a stroke of genius to put that vibrator in my ass. We'll have to buy one of those too! Damn, we can have lots of fun, just the three of us. My Mom doesn't get home till around 6 in the evening and Dad about 30 minutes later. You two can come over any day after school and we can have a roaring good time before they get home. But you know what I want to do right now?" Dottie said rolling on her side and holding out her arms.
"Uh oh, Sis, I think she wants you. I know that look; she loves more than one cum." Sis said reaching over and giving my ass a playful slap.
I was thrilled beyond words. I moved into Dottie's arms and she kissed me and pulled me against her. Her hands pulled me upward and I slipped on top of her fantastic body. Her full breasts felt so wonderful against me. She slipped her hot tongue inside my mouth while she caressed my body. Her hands went to my ass and pressed me hard against her body. She spread her thighs and I fitted down between them. She swiveled her hips and spread her thighs wide. A little pressure on my shoulders and I moved down just a little. My pubic bone rubbed against hers then I slid a little further down in her direction. I felt my pussy press downward into her very wet open pussy. My firm pussy mound nestled down into her hot wet flesh. It felt so erotic. She wiggled her hips a little settling me down into her pussy.
"Mnn, sweet Baby, yes, I can feel your pussy lips on either side of my clit. Move your ass slowly and fuck my clit." Dottie whispered against my ear. Her tongue flicked my earlobe.
I was almost shaking with lust. I experimentally thrust my hips, rotating them in little hunching movements, and felt my pussy slide along her wet treasure. She moaned softly.
"Ohh, yes that sweet virginal pussy feels so good against mine. It's so soft and smooth. More! Make your hips thrust longer. Rotate your hips a little more too." She sighed. "Ohhh, yes, sweet Baby. God, Kit, your sister is a wonderful lover. Ohhhh, shit, she's fucking my pussy so fucking good! We'll have to teach her all the nasty things we have learned to do to each other. Ohh, yes, yes, faster Tess, Love. Fuck my clit, sweet Baby. Mnnn, yessss, like that! It's fucking my clit; you are fucking me so fucking good, Baby! Yessssss!" She cried out.
My mind soared as I hunched my pussy against hers. I imitated the motions I had seen the men use in a fucking video I had seen once, unknown to my parents. Her hot pussy was spread wide and I could just feel her engorged clit slip along my pussy lips. I could imagine how it felt to her. I wished my clit were longer, so it would rake along her pussy lips too, but it was receiving almost no help. My clit just wasn't long enough. Rubbing against her felt wonderful, but didn't give me enough stimulation. I bent my head and kissed her breast and sucked the nipple. I hunched faster and her moans of joy filled the room.
Her body went rigid, she screamed out, and her hips thrust hard up against mine. I bit down on her nipple as I thrust hard against her pussy and clit. She screamed her joy over and over and I felt a hot wetness against my pussy, it was suddenly very slippery. Had she peed? I didn't know but loved the slick wetness. My pussy slid delightfully along her slippery gash. She gave another long scream then she fell back spent. Her arms went around me holding me close to her. Her chest was rising up and down as she panted. I kissed her breasts softly and softly sucked her erect nipples.
"My God, that was fantastic. Your sweet soft pussy fucking mine was out of this world Tess. You have just graduated from the Bratty Younger Sister to a Full-fledged Lover. Right Kit?" Dottie said between gasps as she tried to catch her breath.
Lying on top of her I felt like I was on top of the world. I was finally accepted by the two beautiful older ladies. I was IN! No longer The Brat, the Brat to be gotten rid of!
"Your pussy got real slippery when you came, I felt something wet down there, it made your pussy so slippery," I said, not knowing how to say it to her. If she had peed during her climax I didn't want to embarrass her. They started laughing and I was puzzled.
Dottie rolled me off of her and grinned over at me. "Sweet Lover, I didn't pee, if that's what you are thinking. Your sweet sister and I both spurt sometimes when we cum. It's not urine; we just get really hot and sometimes, not every time, but sometimes when we are really excited, we shoot out a nice tasting pussy juice. We have read about it on the net. Do me a favor, and lean down and lick my wet pussy. I think you will find it rather tasty. At least your sister says it is!"
I looked over at Sis, she winked and nodded. I slipped down in the bed and brought my face close to Dottie's spread pussy. It was wet and gleaming; her inner and outer lips were swollen and red from the fucking and my pussy rubbing against hers. There was a small puddle of her juice at her vaginal opening. I sniffed in her wonderful odor. Then I leaned in and ran my flattened tongue along her wonderful wet pussy. The delicious flavor flowed over my tongue, so like Sis's, but slightly different. I licked again from bottom to top, lost in the odor and the flavor of Dottie's intimate flesh. I was making love to Dottie. I looked up at her and her face was a mixture of joy and pleasure.
"Ohh, yes, so nice. Keep licking. My pussy is still hot from your fucking. Lick me again sweet Lover." She moaned.
I was only too happy to lick her delicious pussy. I would do anything for these two beautiful older ladies. I licked over and over, sucking too, and tasted her sweet juices. I could get addicted to this, I thought with a grin. Would they let me?
"Damn that feels wonderful, Tess, I want to lick you too. I want to really make love to that sweet pussy of yours while you lick me. Want to do a 69 with me?" Dottie asked.
I couldn't have answered if my life depended on it. My throat was choked with lust. I had this feeling a little when Betsy and I kissed and Frenched each other. But this was absolutely overwhelming. My Sister lying close beside me, and Dottie wanting to 69 with me, I only managed to nod dumbfounded. I opened my mouth but nothing came out but a croak.
"I think that means a 'Yes!'" Sis laughed. She reached over, kissed me and helped me turn in the bed. Dottie rolled onto her back and reached up and spread my legs on each side of her head. Her face was under my pussy, my thighs spread wide. My mouth watered as I looked down at her pussy, just below me. The thought that she was under me, her face inches from my wet pussy made my clit tingle and burn.
I leaned down and kissed her thighs and licked them. Her hands went to my ass and pressed downward wanting me to lower my pussy to her face. I moved my legs and let my hips drop. I moaned as her tongue slid up and down my pussy. I couldn't believe Dottie was making love to me and her pussy was just below my eager lips.
I nuzzled her sparse heart-shaped pubic hair and then moved my head downward. She felt me and spread her thighs wider for me, giving me complete access to her very wet pussy. I saw a movement and Sis's head was close to me.
"Easy, Sis, take it slow and easy. There is all the time in the world. Go slow. Part her pussy lips with your fingers. Lie down on top of her. That way you can use both hands on her pussy."
I let my weight settle on Dottie's superb body. The feel of her breasts, her perfumed thighs, and the delightful odor of her pussy surrounded me, as my face was inches from her spread pussy. I just looked at it. Beautiful! Her pussy lips were neat and lovely; I spread them wider with my fingers and looked at the soft pink star of her vagina. A drop of her juice slowly formed there and her whole pussy was still wet from her cum. I began to lick her softly and slowly.
Her juices were slightly salty and so delicious. I had never tasted anything so sensual, so sexual as licking another woman's pussy. I loved the taste and smell of Sis's pussy, and now Dottie's. I would definitely have to try this with Betsy. We had gotten hot together Frenching and but never went any further. Now, I wanted to go all the way with her, lick Betsy's sweet pussy, and have her lick mine. A thrill went through my body at that thought, and as Dottie's tongue played along my slit, slipping into my pussy, pushing up into me.
I licked up and down Dottie's pussy then wiggled down a little and let my tongue find her center. It was hot and so wet. I licked it then pointed my tongue and slid it down, down into her center. It felt heavenly to have her wet flesh against my tongue. I pushed down still more, extending my tongue as far as I could. I have a pretty long tongue and can touch the end of my nose to the delight of some, the disgust of others. I ran it down into her.
My lips came against her pussy and I opened them wide to cover her hot wet opening. She moaned and I knew she liked it. I moved my tongue from side to side inside her while I sucked gently. I was delighted when her pussy juices spilled into my mouth. She tasted delicious. I sucked harder and thrust my tongue deep inside her velvet-wet flesh. Her sweet juices flowed into my mouth. Delicious!
Damn this was fantastic. I could hardly wait to try this with Betsy and have her taste me too. We lay there sucking and kissing each other. This was heaven to me, to kiss and suck a pussy while having my own made love to. No wonder I heard so much whispering about 69s!
Sis's face was close to mine and she kissed my cheek and whispered in my ear, "Remember her clit!" I had become so engrossed in tasting her and sliding my tongue deep inside her beautiful body, I had forgotten her clit. She sure hadn't forgotten mine and her lips found it and sucked on it gently at first, then harder. Thrills of lust ran through my body and it begged for release.
I put my fingers on her pussy and pulled upward at the top. Her erect clit slid out, reddish pink and extending out at least a quarter of an inch. It was larger and longer than Sis's or my own small one. I licked it and she shivered and thrust her hips upward toward my mouth. I put my lips around it and sucked on her hard nubbin. I ran my tongue over and over the tip, making her writhe with pleasure and her hips press against my lips.
I tried flicking my tongue back and forth across the tip and it set her wild. I tried to see how fast I could make my tongue vibrate over her hard clit, and whatever I did send her over the edge and she screamed out against my pussy. I held onto her bucking hips and tongued her clit till her body went rigid and she screamed over and over.
Then suddenly I felt the juices pour from her pussy. I moved my lips just a little and was able to keep tonguing her clit while my mouth was opened wide against her spread pussy. I felt several pulses of her pussy juices spurt into my mouth. They were right, it was not urine. It had a wonderful salty-sweet flavor. She cried out one last scream and went limp under me. I lapped her pussy but when it came into contact with her clit she cried out.
"Don't lick her clit right now. It's always very sensitive just after a climax." Sis whispered in my ear and nibbled on my ear lobe. That felt wonderful, as I was so hot. It took a couple of minutes before Dottie was back to normal and then she started lapping at my pussy again in earnest. She slid a finger inside me and moved it in and out as she licked me. She went back to my clit and began to lick and suck it.
Wonderful waves of joy ran through my body as she made love to me. I felt a finger slip between my ass cheeks and move downward till she had found my nether hole. Her finger was wet and she gently pushed it inside me. Her mouth was on my pussy and her finger slid deep inside my ass. She took my clit between her lips and began to suck on it rhythmically, in and out, over and over. Then she would flick my clit with her talented tongue from moment to moment.
She slid a finger into my pussy and curled it up inside and hit a place in my pussy that had never been touched. Only much later would I learn about the 'G-spot'. That was the key that pushed me over the edge and I screamed out my ecstasy as my body went into spasms of pure pleasure. I saw stars and a million colored lights as I climaxed. Her lips sucked, her tongue flicked and her fingers pushed deep inside my pussy and ass. My climax seemed to go on and on. Finally, I collapsed, completely spent.
I was aware of Sis moving above my head. I looked up to see the well-lubricated dildo, attached to her body moving close. I grinned and managed to guide the head to Dottie's pussy. I held the head steady, and she pressed it down into Dottie.
"Oh, God, yes, Lover, fuck me while your sweet sister licks my clit. I can lick her off to another cum. This is wild; I don't know how it could get any better!" Dottie's muffled voice came from between my thighs. Her tongue probed my pussy again. I raised my head slightly to slip my tongue back inside her pussy.
I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye and looked toward the door. My eyes went wide in horror. Then all three of us heard a loud gasp from the doorway. There, hands on her voluptuous hips stood Mrs. Mason, our next-door neighbor, and Mom's closest friend. Her big blue eyes took in the spectacle of the three of us on the bed, naked. I was lying on top of Dottie, in a 69, and Sis behind Dottie with the long gleaming dildo, the large head already buried halfway inside her spread pussy.
"My God. I would have never in the world thought this of you two, or you either, Dottie." She gasped.
Our hearts sunk! We had completely forgotten that Mom had given her a house key and told her to check on us from time to time. We were cooked, D-E-A-D, as Sis had told me earlier.
"I'm afraid I'll have to tell your Mother about this." She said shaking her pretty head slowly. Her face looked very grim. We were totally, completely fucked, dead meat!
"Mrs. Mason, Brandi, please don't! Please?" Sis pleaded, tears in her eyes thinking of what Mom would do to both of us, and to Dottie too. She pulled the pussy-wet dildo out of Dottie's spread sex and rolled over facing Mrs. Mason. "We'll do anything you ask, but please, don't tell her. Please?"
It must have looked ludicrous to see Sis begging with that huge dildo poking up in front of her.
Brandi looked up at her sternly, her full bosoms rising and falling at the sight of the three of us naked before her. Dottie and I rolled apart our faces red with embarrassment.
"Anything?" She asked sternly. We all three nodded, still shocked by her sudden unexpected appearance.
Slowly she began to unbutton her blouse. Her magnificent full breasts came into view, covered by a frilly bra, her huge chocolate brown areolas were clearly visible under the sheer cloth, and her erect nipples tenting the ends were plainly visible too. I remember Mom referring to her once as zaftig! Damn, she really was! Her full breasts had to be at least a DD, my startled eyes estimated. She slid the blouse off and let it fall to the floor. We lay there, completely puzzled by her actions.
"Well, I'll think about it, but I still think I'll really have to tell your Mom. After all, you are using our favorite toys that we use on each other!" She said as she reached down to undo the front clasp of her bra. Her large breasts spilled out, magnificent in their fullness. They dropped just a little, large full mounds of beautiful flesh, her nipples hard, long, and erect. Even in our puzzled terror they still looked mouth-watering.
"I'll sure have to tell her, or she'll never, ever, forgive me." She said with a smile letting her sexy-looking bra fall and moved toward the bed. Her full breasts bounced and swayed as she walked toward us.
As she reached the edge of the bed, she was unfastening the buttons on her skintight shorts. Our eyes went to the tight crotch. It was so tight it rode up, clearly outlined her womanly slit. She looked down on the three of us lying there, naked and confused. She peeled her shorts and panties off. Her pussy hair was neatly trimmed in a heart shape above and shaved clean below. Her neat pussy lips pouted out drawing our stares to it. She spread her legs slightly letting us have a clear view of her pussy. We could see wetness there.
"She'll want to enjoy all three of you lovely, sexy ladies too! She'd never forgive me if I kept you three all to myself, now would she?"
The End
Showering With My Sexy Sister
Chapter One
