Editor's Note: this submission contains raceplay and racial kink content.
Something about him made Christy uneasy, especially when he looked at her with his deep, dark eyes, as if trying to peer into her soul. Reggie's eye contact seemed brazen, but he did it when Dave wasn't looking. Hopefully, this huge black man who towered over her husband wouldn't make an immediate decision. She needed to discuss this matter further with Dave. They could tell Reggie that someone else rented the room.
Reggie had experience with young, well-educated white women like Christy. He realized that he made her feel uncomfortable. A modest diamond engagement ring and wedding band sparkled together on her finger, catching his gaze.
He knew Christy's type. A privileged white girl raised in an upper-middle class family sheltering her from any interaction with men like himself. She likely professed racial equality but had never practiced it in her own bed.
Reggie had found their ad for a boarder on Craig's List. For a young couple without any children, this was far more house than they needed. He surmised that it was likely a greedy gamble they had made during the housing bubble, now leaving them in financial trouble.
A shrewd businessman from drug dealings on the street, and a seasoned sexual predator that had never missed a chance at scoring a vulnerable white pussy, Reggie understood the fleeting nature of this opportunity, and he wasn't going to let it slip away. He reached inside his jacket and pulled out a thick stack of cash. "I'll take the room. How much security deposit do you want?"
They couldn't rent the room to this man. It wasn't his skin color that alarmed Christy. Something else about him made her hackles rise, and she wasn't sure why. Men stared at her often — she was used to it — but not like him. Standing with her arm entwined with her husband's, Christy tightly squeezed Dave's hand as a silent signal not to accept Reggie's offer.
All the money Reggie displayed mesmerized Dave who misinterpreted Christy's signal as an affirmation. "Uh, $500 for a security deposit ought to be enough."
A grin appeared on Reggie's face as he carefully pared away enough cash to cover the deposit plus an entire year's worth of rent. This naïve kid hadn't even asked for his full name yet — although Reggie was prepared with fake identification — and apparently wasn't going to do a background check either. He handed the stack of bills to Dave.
Dave's face lit up like he just found a long-lost friend. Like Christy, his teens weren't far in his rearview mirror. He had anticipated perhaps getting a security deposit and first month's rent — not a full year's worth of payments in a lump sum like this. They needed this money badly with bills past due and foreclosure looming. The cash now in Dave's hand gave him a rush of euphoria, like winning a sweepstakes.
Christy forced a smile Reggie recognized as insincere.
Reggie nodded at the money in Dave's grasp. "I need a receipt saying I paid the entire year room and board plus security deposit. We can write-up a formal lease later."
"Of course," Dave replied with a quick and enthusiastic shake of Reggie's hand to finalize their deal. "I'll be right back." Dave went to fetch a pen and paper to write the receipt, leaving Christy alone in the living room with Reggie.
While Dave was gone, Reggie sneaked another look at Christy's tight ass and firm, young tits, peeling away her clothing with his eyes, as if she was luscious fruit to devour. He imagined how she looked beneath that modest dress she wore.
Christy certainly was an attractive package. She stood about medium height with a petite build and perfect measurements that included a tight, flat stomach, nicely curved buttocks, and full breasts. She was exceptionally beautiful.
The 22-year-old college graduate and housewife took care of her figure through strict diet and daily exercise. Her model-like figure, combined with smooth, white skin, sparkling blue eyes, and silky, blond hair extending slightly past her shoulders, received gazes from many, who saw in her that unattainable girl of their dreams. Christy's heart belonged to her husband, Dave. He was the lucky man fortunate enough to have her.
But that didn't stop Reggie from undressing her with his dark eyes. His cock twitched as he thought about fucking this cute girl.
Reggie told them he was in school, but he was not dressed like your typical college student and wore an expensive sports jacket, silk slacks and Polo dress shirt that were all tailor fit and showed off a tall, muscular physique. Christy noticed impressive diamond rings on each of his hands. He looked more like an NFL linebacker than a college student to her.
"So, what are you studying?" Christy nervously asked, attempting to break an awkward silence. Reggie also seemed a little old to still be in college as he had claimed. She guessed he was approaching 30-years-old, although it was sometimes difficult to tell with black men.
"African Studies," he responded.
Earlier, Reggie had told them he was in college, but he hadn't set foot on a college campus in years, not since his younger days hustling drugs on the street. In his line of business, he moved up in rank without needing a formal education.
His quick reply with no elaboration seemed suspicious to Christy, but Dave suddenly returned smiling, a neatly written receipt and an extra key to their house in hand. "Here you go, roommate."
Dave's smile was contagious, and Reggie seemed to catch it as he took his key and receipt from him. "Okay, great. I'll be back later with my stuff and we can sign a lease."
Christy felt relief as she watched Reggie leave. He had made her anxious, like she was standing on the roof of a skyscraper, looking over the edge without anything stopping her from falling.
"Look at all this money!" Dave gleefully whispered holding up numerous hundred-dollar bills immediately after the door had closed and Reggie departed.
Christy felt uneasy about having that strange black man move in with them. "I don't know about this guy. Who carries around that much cash? Maybe we should check him out first, honey."
Christy stood waiting for a reply. Dave's back was towards her as he counted the money on their kitchen table for a second time. He wasn't listening to her and didn't hear what she had said.
Perhaps she was being overly cautious. She hadn't seen Dave this happy in a long time, since the rough economy had taken away their jobs and his pride, it seemed. The warehouse position Dave had found didn't replace his previous salary or pay all their bills, but this was enough cash to bring them current on their property taxes and avoid foreclosure.
**************
Reggie returned later that evening and quietly unpacked in his new bedroom while Christy and Dave went to bed. He couldn't believe his luck finding such an unwary couple, and a young, beautiful white girl to pursue. When Reggie finished settling in, he turned off the light.
He sat quietly on the edge of his bed, imagining what Christy looked like beneath that dress she had been wearing. Was her pussy completely shaved or did she have a small, neatly groomed bush? With a figure like that she had to wear a bikini and was likely meticulous about her bikini line. Reggie was determined to find out. Access to a victim was the biggest hurdle, and Christy's naïve husband had unwittingly helped him overcome it.
After a few moments, Reggie's eyes adjusted to the darkness. Perhaps he could sneak a peek at her sexy little body while she and her husband slept. He silently made his way down the hall to Christy's and Dave's bedroom door, which they carelessly left ajar.
But they weren't asleep. The sound of lovemaking — the rhythmic squeak of bedsprings, the grunts and groans of two people lost in passion — grew louder as Reggie approached. He stood at the threshold to their room and peered through the sliver of an opening at two shadowy figures moving in concert in the moonlight. Reggie's brown skin provided a perfect camouflage in the dimness of night.
Reggie watched, and his penis hardened as he observed Christy's terpsichorean figure in motion. His gigantic cock pushed against inadequate room in his gym shorts and sought release from its confinement. He wanted her badly.
His turn with her would come soon, he assured himself. He was going to have her one way or another and steal her from her husband.
"Oh, I'm going to cum," Reggie heard Dave exclaim.
"Oh, I love you," Christy cried as she wrapped her arms around her husband in a tight embrace and his body grew tense from his orgasm. It didn't sound to Reggie like Christy had cum at all.
Reggie imagined Christy wrapping her arms around him instead of Dave, crying to him that she was cumming, her wet pussy throbbing on his cock.
Dave withdrew his modest condom covered penis from Christy's tight vagina and turned on the light atop the nightstand beside their bed.
The thin latex membrane, slick with Christy's juices, contained a hint of Dave's ejaculate in its tip. Christy watched him slide the protective barrier off. They had agreed to wait until after their financial situation improved before trying to start a family. Christy had only recently been a bride and now she was Dave's faithful wife. She loved him as much as anyone could possibly love another person and nothing would ever change that.
After witnessing it all Reggie quietly returned to his room undetected.
**********************
Early dawn chased away much of the darkness, and only a shadow of night remained. Dave had left for work at his usual early hour and Christy had visited the gym for her daily workout when Reggie woke to a dim, empty house.
Over the weeks, Reggie had learned their schedules, snooped around when they were out, discovered all sorts of useful facts about their lives. He knew Dave wouldn't return from work until evening, and Christy arrived home mid-morning.
Reggie plopped down on the living room couch and there it sat, on the coffee table right in front of him, like the missing piece to a jigsaw puzzle, the unguarded key to a once impenetrable fortress. Christy had forgotten her cell phone this morning. He had watched her unlock it multiple times. It was a simple, four-number combination. On his third attempt, her phone opened. Reggie quickly made a backup of it on his laptop. With special software found on the dark web, he now had access to all her information. In her contacts was a cornucopia of important people — family members and friends, their addresses and phone numbers, everything he needed...
When Christy returned from her workout, Reggie sat shirtless on the living room sofa in a pair of loose gym shorts. She couldn't help noticing how big he was — the solid muscles bulging beneath smooth, dark skin covering his arms, chest and stomach — before seeing her phone on the coffee table where she had left it. She grabbed her phone, wanting to tell him to put on a shirt, but deciding against being confrontational.
He was gawking at her again. He was doing it more frequently and more blatantly, especially when Dave wasn't around. It seemed like the only things he studied were her ass and tits and she didn't like it. Her voice revealed annoyance. "When do you attend classes?"
Reggie began obnoxiously rubbing his crotch right in front of her while his eyes raked her body! "I take classes online. Where you work besides out at the gym every morning, baby?"
The way he was inappropriately touching himself embarrassed and repulsed her and hinted at the enormous size of his penis as he played with it through his shorts. He was practically masturbating in front of her. She tried ignoring his indecent behavior. "Don't call me 'baby'. I'm currently between jobs. I haven't seen you even open a book yet since you've been with us. You're not a college student. I don't know who you think you're fooling, but it's not me."
Christy turned away from his lustful stare. She needed to shower after her strenuous workout at the gym and get ready for a job interview this afternoon. She had a good feeling about this company and her prospects for employment with it. She headed toward her bedroom.
As she walked away from him, Reggie studied how the tight, black leggings she wore limned every delicious curve on her young, firm body, portraying a shapely ass and generous thigh gap. She was also wearing a black sports bra that had advertised her flat stomach and perky tits. His balls ached from unrelieved hard-ons she had been giving to him since he moved in. She wasn't very friendly to him, but perhaps that would change soon.
Reggie waited a few minutes and then followed Christy. When he reached her bedroom, he heard the shower flowing in the master bathroom. He carefully turned the doorknob and entered her room. He tried her bathroom door next, but it was locked.
She appeared in excellent shape and would fight him. But he had made his decision.
While he waited for the bathroom door to open, a crowd of framed photographs — Christy and Dave in better times, their family and friends — neatly stood on her dresser. He recognized some of the contacts he had found and copied from her phone. The still images of well-dressed white folks — who until now had insulated her from men like himself — watched in mute sympathy over what he prepared to do. Christy obviously cared deeply for these people, which would prove instrumental.
The shower stopped. Reggie's cock had grown hard inside his shorts during the wait. His balls, filled with sperm, ached with anticipation. After enduring weeks of torture from Christy, patiently planning while fantasizing about her, he was on the verge of finally satisfying his predatory urge.
Christy opened the bathroom door wearing pink panties made of silk with a matching bra. Her briefs were a sexy bikini cut. The rest of her clothes she had planned to put on waited neatly folded in her dresser. Suddenly greeted by Reggie, she tried to slam the door shut to keep him away. Her initial feeling about him had been a correct one, but she had disregarded it to please Dave. In an ironic twist of fate, Christy's attempt to appease her husband jeopardized their marriage far worse than their previous financial troubles.
Reggie's hand blocked the door from closing completely. He overcame Christy's efforts and her feet, unable to hold ground, slid across the slick tile floor.
Reggie charged into her bathroom as Christy screamed. "What are you doing? Are you crazy? Get out of my room and keep away from me!"
He punched Christy in her gut. She was unprepared for the blow and his fist drove into her belly like a cannon ball, the crushing impact evacuating the wind from her lungs.
"You gonna like getting fucked by your new black boyfriend, baby, and you gonna learn to love black cock."
She doubled over incapacitated gasping for air, while he dragged her by her hair from the bathroom.
Before Christy regained her breath, Reggie had thrown her into bed and tore her panties and bra off, leaving her lying on her back completely exposed.
Christy wheezed and coughed. "No, please, don't do this."
"What's the matter? Don't you wanna fuck a nigger?"
Reggie's eyes feasted on Christy's naked body and its gentle feminine curves. With brute strength he forced her smooth, long legs apart on reconnaissance of the treasure he planned to plunder. Younger women tended to always keep their pubic areas immaculately groomed, as if they wanted to be ready for someone to see them in a bikini, thong or perhaps completely nude. Christy was apparently one of these women. Her naked body was as gorgeous as he had imagined.
Christy's smooth genitals lacked hair or even stubble, due to either expensive laser or wax treatments. What he had here was a pampered white girl, which explained some of their money problems. Her flat tummy was adorned by a delightful bellybutton and defined abdominal muscles. Pink areolae, perfect circles a little larger than quarters, crowned her perky, round c-cup tits.
Christy's silky, white skin contrasted with Reggie as he touched her. Her body seemed to lack imperfection like her beautiful face.
Reggie wondered how Dave could foolishly leave such a gem unguarded with a thug like himself. Reaching down between Christy's splayed legs, Reggie gently parted her labia, a lovely shade of pink revealed.
Christy felt Reggie begin manipulating her privates like she belonged to him. "Oh, god — no. Don't!" She grabbed his wrist to stop him.
Reggie yanked his wrist from her grasp, reached up and cruelly twisted her delicate, pink nipples, causing jolts of pain that would later become bruises on her perfectly formed flesh.
Christy's hands immediately went to protect her breasts and stop the pain.
From past work in human trafficking, preparing inexperienced and reluctant young females for the sex industry, he knew how to make Christy cooperate. He needed to roughen her up more to make her submissive. He raised his fist and plunged it into her solar plexus, like a torpedo striking a ship, sinking her into the sea.
"You need to calm down, baby, and let me love you." He pulled Christy's hands away from her excruciating stomach and delivered another punch just below her bellybutton.
She grabbed her stomach again and retched. Whatever he was saying or doing to her no longer mattered. Air— she needed precious air, like a diver trapped beneath the water, unable to reach the surface. And she needed the agonizing explosions in her gut to stop.
He blocked her from curling into a ball of pain. "No, baby, stay on your back for me. We not done yet. Now do what I say and quit resisting, so I don't have to punish you more." He pushed against her chest, keeping her held in a supine position. "That's a good girl. Stay like this and don't try to move or stop me and I won't hurt you." He again shoved her legs open, resumed spreading her labia, locating her clitoris among her pink folds. He licked his thumb and began gently rubbing its soft hood. "That's better— just let me touch you."
"Okay," she rasped in defeat, clutching her aching stomach as Reggie played with her clitoris. "I'm sorry...No more."
"You beautiful, baby, and I wanna make you feel good. Don't try to stop me."
Christy's pleas began returning between her gasps for air as Reggie calmly sat between her open legs fondling her — harrying her clitoris to arousal as she recovered. "Please stop... I promise...I won't tell anyone...if you stop. Don't do this to me."
But this horrible animal wasn't stopping.
Reggie noticed how Christy's clit was slowly engorging from his fillips, its timid head emerging from beneath its protective hood as he played with it. "I got your special spot and it's starting feel good, huh baby?"
"No, it doesn't feel good... Stop touching me... Why are you doing this?" Christy sobbed as Reggie caused involuntary responses in her body, her pink flesh glistening with natural secretions that encouraged him further and invited him to drink her nectar.
"I'm doing this because I love you, baby."
Reggie proceeded to spread her vaginal lips wide apart with his black fingers, her intimate pink anatomy held completely open and accessible, and he began orally assaulting her.
"Oh, god... stop it! Please...no... don't." She sat up on her elbows and from over her flat, battered tummy helplessly watched with a contorted face. She tried unsuccessfully to push Reggie's head away, her fingers clutching his kinky hair. He was sucking on her clitoris, keeping it fully engorged, increasing its sensitivity, and twirling his tongue over it.
Reggie ached for Christy, and while performing cunnilingus on her he slid off his gym shorts. Once free his monstrous organ sprang from confinement.
Christy's eyes widened when she saw his enormity. Reggie's cock looked more like a truck's radiator hose than a man's penis, with large veins distended beneath its dark brown skin. She had never seen a penis so large. There was no way he could possibly fit inside any woman. "No... keep away from me. I won't tell anyone about this, but you need to stop now. I mean it."
She was hysterically babbling as Reggie's fingers reopened her labia, stretching them wide apart, and he aimed his gigantic cock at her moist entrance.
Christy reached down to block him. But recalling how Reggie punished her earlier, her fingers merely grazed his hand and stopped short of their intended goal.
The large head of his penis pushed at Christy's wet opening and she became frantic. She didn't know what to say or do to stop him, her fingers uselessly resting on his hand as he held her vagina agape. Was this really happening to her? This monster was fondling her pussy, trying to put himself inside her. She felt like a paralyzed spectator watching this horrible crime being perpetrated on someone else. "I'm sorry I wasn't nice to you before, Reggie. I'll do anything you want. Please don't. Oh... no... you're too big..."
"You gonna do what I want anyway, baby, and we about to become very nice to each other. We gonna share something special."
The pressure from his attempted invasion built. She couldn't watch his huge cock and what he was trying to do to her anymore. Christy fell back, clenching the sheets in her fists. "Oh, god! No... Please. You're hurting me. Don't..."
Her husband's pecker must have been incredibly small, but Reggie slowly applied more force to overcome her pussy's resistance. Her moist labia finally surrendered, engulfing the head of his penis. "Oh, yeah, baby. You taking me. Oh, god, you feel so good."
"Ow..oh god... no," Christy cried, another man entering her for the first time, her pussy stretching for him and subversively providing lubrication for its own assault, and her fidelity to Dave eradicated by this horrible fiend, all in little more than an instant.
Reggie gradually advanced more of his cock into her. "Is this your first time with a negro, baby? You got a black cock in your pussy now. How it feel?"
"Oh god, stop it! Please, you're hurting me. Don't..."
"I'm sorry, baby, but you'll get used to me. Try and relax some and it'll be easier."
Christy couldn't relax. She felt him advance slightly deeper with each thrust. "No...I'm married to Dave. We let you live here with us. Why are you doing this to me?"
Reggie placed his index finger to her lips. "Shush, be quiet and stop crying. I told you before why I'm doing this — because I love you, baby, and I gotta have you. You constantly making me hard and I can't take it no more. You may be married but I'm inside you. You gonna be mine now."
"No," Christy whimpered. She would never be his. But her pussy acted contrarily and as nature insisted, welcoming his hardness and coating more of Reggie's cock with a moist, affectionate-like sheen, traitorously helping him to penetrate deeper.
How could this be happening to her? Why did Dave allow a stranger into their home? Why was she so wet for this disgusting man and why couldn't she control her own body? These and similar thoughts circulated in her mind, her face displaying both her physical and psychological anguish as furrows in her normally smooth skin.
Christy's pussy contained more cock in it than ever before. Reggie's penis was triple the girth of Dave's and visited Christy's unchartered depths. With most of his length inside her, Reggie mercifully refrained from going further. There was no need rushing things their first time together and causing her excessive discomfort. But Reggie was certain she would grow accustomed to his size and eventually want his entire dick. Christy didn't realize it yet, but this was only the beginning of a long, intimate relationship.
"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah," Christy moaned in concert with squeaks from the bed.
Reggie attempted to look directly into her blue eyes while fucking her, but Christy kept averting his stare and moving her head away from him. "No!" she snarled.
A wild spark appeared in Reggie's eyes as he irately grabbed Christy's chin, pinching it in his vise-like grip. He turned her head to face him. "Look at me when I'm fucking you!"
From beneath pools of tears, Christy's eyes met his as he claimed her. She felt his immense cock making its long journey in and out of her defeated pussy, now his conquered territory.
"Ow, please stop it!"
"I want you to cum first, baby, and show me how much you love your new nigger boyfriend. Then maybe I'll stop."
Occupying conquered territory wasn't enough for him. He wanted her complete surrender. She replied with silence, determined not to give him the satisfaction of her orgasm and total victory. He had already destroyed the precious fidelity of her marriage to Dave; there was no way she would ever cum for this filthy pig.
"Oh, you gonna cum for me whether you want to or not," Reggie warned, quickening his pace as if reading her thoughts and determined to defy them.
"No," Christy hissed through clenched teeth. But the physical discomfort of having Reggie so deep inside her had already dissipated, her vagina accepting his large penis and bathing it with juices.
Reggie shifted position and felt her pussy begin contracting around his dick in response. Big black cock was just too difficult for most white girls to resist, and despite her resolve and hatred for him, Christy didn't last too long before having an orgasm. "That's it, baby, cum for me like a good, little white girl. Keep cumming on that big nigger dick. You really wet, and I can feel you starting to like me."
Christy grimaced, and her hands pushed against his muscular chest. How could he say such horrible, racist things and how could he make her body do that? But his thick shaft kept stretching her vaginal labia and giving her rich sensations that she didn't want from him but couldn't stop receiving. "Oh... oh... don't... oh — no!
"Christy's voice grew louder as her unwanted arousal increased. "No, no, no— stop doing this to me! I don't want to cum for you. You're disgusting and I hate you. Oh, god. Oh, ooh, ooh, don't..."
He felt Christy's vaginal muscles spasm from a second, stronger orgasm.
Reggie continued fucking her and occasionally her pelvis replied with slight coital movements of its own, her body revealing an increasing desire to engage in the sex act. It was an autonomous response she tried to prevent. Not quite the enthusiastic reaction from her that he sought, but for now, at least, she had tired of resisting. He mercifully withstood the urge to bury his remaining length inside her...
Christy had wanted this heinous act to end, but it seemed to go on indefinitely. She finally noticed him accelerating and panicked, realizing the full extent of what was approaching. He was inside her and he was going cum soon. "Please, you've got to pull out now," she begged. "Don't cum in me!"
Christy was a haughty, white female, and Reggie enjoyed every step of taking her: initially molesting her and causing her body to respond in a way that was incredibly embarrassing for her; introducing her pussy to his huge cock; making her orgasm from it and causing her additional shame. He looked forward to completing his despicable act by ejaculating inside her.
"I love you, baby, and I made you cum. Don't you want to reciprocate my love and let me cum in your pussy? We supposed to be nice to each other when we making love and cum together. You not racist, are you?"
He must have been delusional because they were NOT making love; he was raping her! Her eyes became saucers of fear. "No, you can't do that. Please, don't cum in me."
She couldn't let him do it. Christy's dainty hands renewed their efforts and pushed harder against Reggie's burly, black chest. Arching her back and repositioning her pelvis, she tried squeezing her vaginal muscles to dislodge him. Her efforts — which would have worked against someone of normal size — were no match for Reggie's gigantic penis imbedded too far in her pussy to oust.
Reggie's penis securely occupied Christy's vagina after her failed attempt to expel it, but he felt what she had tried to do. With a quick jab, he penetrated a little further for her insubordination. "We not done yet, baby. You want more of me? I got a big, black dick for you to enjoy and I been holding back so you can adjust to it. I was going to go slow, but you try something like that again and you getting all of me whether you ready or not."
It was less than an inch, but to Christy it felt like a mile more of Reggie was now going inside her.
Her hands tightly gripped his hips. "Ow, oh, oh, no more! Oh god! Okay, I'm sorry... I won't do it again," she yipped from the jolt of pressure and discomfort, more of him going into her, further stretching her vaginal muscles.
"You ready for all of me, baby?"
"Ooh... ooh... no...ah...oh.. ooh, ooh.."
To Christy's chagrin, the shock from his additional length made her orgasm again. Meanwhile, his dark eyes rolled in their sockets toward the ceiling with long awaited relief, his penis releasing a torrent of cum. "Oh, yeah, baby, take me. We cumming together. Your pussy be milking my cock. Oh, god, you feel so incredible."
Reggie tightly embraced Christy as they both orgasmed and he injected his seed deep inside her. "I love you, baby."
She felt Reggie's slimy ejaculate fill her and begin oozing from her vagina down the crack of her ass. She cried beneath him, her hands uselessly grabbing at his shoulders but unable to remove him. "Oh, no, no, no. Why are you doing this? You're cumming in me. Stop it."
"We cumming simultaneously, baby, like we suppose to. It's a beautiful thing. I feel your tight pussy throbbing on my cock. You not ready for me to pull out yet. I gotta let you enjoy this a little longer until you completely done. How many times this be for you anyway, three or four?" Reggie asked, musing to himself how Christy, once a privileged white girl, well-kept by a young, successful husband, was now reduced to renting out a room in her home to a black man and getting fucked by him, because her inept husband couldn't manage money.
The deed was completed. Christy lay beneath Reggie's heavy frame, like fading echoes of thunder, her pussy clenching his deflating cock from the orgasms he had forced her to have. She hated Reggie, yet she had been unable to prevent herself from cumming for him. "Okay, get off me now," she uttered, pushing her hands against his muscular chest.
He removed his flaccid cock from Christy as she remained in the bed motionlessly staring at the ceiling, her pussy gaping from his departure and her legs left indecently spread apart momentarily before rediscovering modesty and closing. She glanced at Reggie's penis as he stood beside her. Even soft, it appeared enormous and she didn't believe that the horrific thing had been inside her.
"You ever give your husband head?" Reggie asked.
Christy looked at Reggie with bewilderment as this muscular black man who had just defiled her firmly grabbed her shoulders and guided her off the bed and into a kneeling position beside it. She fully understood what he wanted when he shoved his penis in her face. His cock was coated with both of their secretions, and it was disgusting.
Her teeth remained clenched.
"I don't want to hurt you more. Open your goddamn mouth and suck on me nicely, like you want me."
She shook her head from his grasp. "I'll bite it off," she snarled.
Privileged white girls like Christy could be stubborn and sometimes needed additional encouragement. With a clap like an ancient branch snapping off a mighty tree, his open palm crashed against her cheek, leaving Christy with bright stars floating in her eyes and the coppery taste of blood trickling from somewhere inside her mouth.
Christy sat on the floor stunned.
"Don't think about biting me, or you won't have any teeth left and I'll have to mess up your beautiful face."
She didn't think she could tolerate Reggie's cock in her mouth without vomiting.
Reggie tightly pulled her hair. "Now suck on me nice, baby, and learn to like it."
Her lips obediently went around the foul thing.
"Oh, yeah, that's a good girl. That's both of us on my cock, baby—you and me and our love for each other. See how good we taste together? Clean our cum off my cock and relish the special flavor we made. I gonna teach you how to do this right."
She thought about biting down on his penis anyway, but he suddenly jerked her hair hard.
"Nicer, like you enjoying it. Remember, act like you my girlfriend and like you love me. You bite me, and I'll kill you and then I'll slice up your husband when he gets home tonight."
Regardless of what he thought, she would NEVER like anything about him or be his girlfriend. She hated him, but he terrified her. She heeded his warning and to her surprise, even though the thought of sucking on his cock had been revolting, the actual taste wasn't awful. The longer she performed the act, the more tolerable it became. As she followed his directions, he relaxed his grip on her hair and his treatment improved.
He unexpectedly slapped her cheek again, but gently this time. "Do I need to get rough with you some more? Remember to touch my cock nicely while you sucking on it."
Fearful of what he might do if she didn't follow his instructions, she reached up to his scrotum with her other hand and began delicately rolling his warm, heavy testicles between her fingers while drawing on his shaft. Reggie's balls were egg-shaped like Dave's, but absurdly bigger like every other part of Reggie.
To Christy's dismay, his penis was becoming larger from her forced caresses. How could he become hard again so soon? Once Dave came, he was done for the evening.
Fully erect, it seemed like little more than the head of Reggie's cock fit in her mouth.
"That's it. Yeah, that feel good. Put your fist around the shaft and stroke it some while you suck on it... like this." He took her hands and guided her. "Softly and slowly and keep the head in your mouth. Oh, yes. Right there. That part is real sensitive. Ah, I like you stroking it there, just like that, baby. I gotta hold back, though. I don't wanna cum too soon for you."
Cum too soon for her? Did he really think she enjoyed doing this to him? She hated him.
"Oh yeah, you gonna stay my girlfriend. Keep sucking on me, baby... easy... that better. We in no rush. You gotta learn to take your time and savor it. Dave won't be home for a while, and I got enough cum in my balls to make you spit out black babies until your ovaries dry up."
Again, he yanked her hair. "I got a lot to teach you. Twirl your tongue over the head some. Show more affection. Remember how nice I did it to you? Act like you love me. Yeah, that's better. Now run your lips up and down the shaft. Ah, yeah, baby, keep doing that. Okay, now stroke it some more."
She felt his grip in her hair tightening. "Look at me," he scolded her, pulling her hair and turning her face upward and toward him. He struck her cheek softly. "Touch it lovingly while doing that. You see how hard you made me again? This how a man's body shows love for the woman he's with. You need to reciprocate my love by pleasuring my cock and giving it your affection. Don't forget, you want to do this to me. Now try again."
Reggie continued giving her cruel tutorials. She had no choice but to comply with his demented demands and pretend to worship his big black cock. She reluctantly learned how to perform oral sex on him, how he liked to be touched, and how to act like she enjoyed doing it. "That's it. Keep showing me how much you love me and how you want to do this to me," he repeated to her. "See how much I love you? You making me really hard, baby."
Her wedding band sparkled on her finger as she gently tugged on his dark appendage and pretended to love him. His cock twitched, startling her slightly. She held his massive shaft in both hands with plenty of its length to spare. Her lips moved up and down his thick rod; her tongue licked it. How could his cock possibly be so big? she wondered.
Reggie felt another batch readying. "Oh, I'm gonna cum soon, baby. Swallow all of me — every last drop. Make me think you like it and love me."
"No," she growled, trying to free herself from his grip. There was no way she was going to swallow his cum and pretend to like it. But he pulled her hair hard, forced the head of his cock back into her mouth and held her firmly. With her face buried in his groin, his thick, long penis extending down her throat, her open hands reached up while shoving against his hard stomach.
"Don't even try to get away, baby. You don't want me to hurt you and kill Dave when he gets home tonight. It's not worth fighting. Swallow me and it'll all be okay and over soon."
Christy didn't want to swallow Reggie's nasty, white cream, but he had threatened her, and he grasped her hair tightly, preventing her from pulling away.
After the first couple of mouthfuls, her shoves started losing determination. His cum was working on her. He could tell it was becoming less distasteful to her by the way she finally stopped resisting and started gulping it down.
"That's it, keep swallowing and protect your family, Christy. Drink all of me, baby. The more of it you swallow, the better things will be. My cum is special and you starting to like it. You see how good I'm starting to taste and how much you starting to love me? It's getting difficult for you to resist it."
Christy replied with a moan. Her open palms slowly slid down his firm, muscular stomach, appreciating the ripples in his strong abdomen while she drank from him, until her fingers wrapped themselves around the shaft of his massive penis, as if everything he was saying to her was suddenly and unexplainably true. His cock became like a fountain of masculinity delivering a perverted nourishment to her. The more she pleasured him the more of it she received.
He relaxed his hold, Christy gently milking his cock and quaffing from it, not noticing that he had let go of her hair. She remained engrossed with his cock as he spoke, running her lips up and down its shaft, licking up the white cream still spewing from its head as if it was a treat.
"That's a good girl. Keep feeding from me, baby," he repeated while tenderly stroking her hair. "You've sampled me and now you mine."
When his cum eventually stopped flowing, she pulled her mouth away. A thread of jism momentarily spanned from his softening phallus to her lips, like a web from a venomous spider, one of many strands trapping its paralyzed prey.
Christy appeared dazed when she had finished drinking his poison. Reggie gently took her elbow and guided her to sit on the edge of her bed. She didn't think it was possible for a man to produce that much semen. He had profusely ejaculated in her pussy only a short while ago and effortlessly repeated it a second time in her mouth, and she had swallowed all of him.
Christy stared up at him from where she sat, sparks of hatred forming in her eyes, his strong taste lingering on her taste buds, his perverted essence filling her stomach and womb. A heavy silence permeated the room until a pair of mating birds nonchalantly announced Spring outside her bedroom window, as if everything in the world was as it should be. Nature was ironic and cruel and didn't care about the laws that governed civilized men and women that Reggie had broken.
Like a brilliant vein of gold, the afternoon sun leaked through a crack between the bedroom curtains that had been drawn since morning, hiding her sexual assault from the outside world. Reggie took a seat beside her on the edge of the bed and put his arm around her shoulder, their naked bodies touching once more. "I'm sorry. I didn't want to be cruel to you, baby."
Christy violently shrugged his muscular arm off her shoulder and scooted away. "Don't touch me ever again and don't call me baby."
Reggie stood up. He realized she was upset, but she would eventually get over it. "Listen, baby, before you go tell your husband or anyone else about this, you should know that I'm not who you or your husband think I am. I gave Dave a fake name and I.D. when I moved here. My real last name is Johnson. I'm Reggie Johnson. If you don't know who I am, you can look me up on Google."
She vaguely remembered that name from somewhere, but she was too distressed to think about it now. "Get out of our house and don't ever come back," she spat.
He chuckled at her. "I have a receipt for a year's lease paid in full and signed by your husband. I'm not going anywhere, baby. I'm staying right here with you."
"Dave will notice the marks you left on me, you disgusting pig. He's going to have you put in jail."
Reggie's eyes lit up with rage. "That wouldn't be smart. If you want Dave to live, you better hope he never finds out who I am or what we done today. And don't ever threaten me, or the beating I just gave you will seem like gentle petting."
He reflected for a moment before continuing. "I know all about your family. Your Grandma Emily lives at 425 Elm Street in Springfield, your mom and dad at 321 Flagmore Drive in Dover. Be nice and cooperate, and I'll take care of you. But if anyone finds out who I am or that I'm here, if I'm arrested for any reason, I'm gonna assume you ratted on me; and my homeboys will be coming for your husband, your family, and your friends — everyone even remotely related to you. Trust me, they won't be able to hide.
"You seem like a smart girl. Do your research before you open your mouth," he added.
How did he know where her parents lived, her grandmother's name and where she lived? Christy was unaware that he had accessed her phone while she was at the gym, that he had searched through her house each day when she was gone, went through her personal papers, researched every aspect of her life over the past weeks.
"Be nice to me. I know what it feels like inside you. I made you cum several times, baby. Don't try to deny it because I felt you doing it on my cock. I came in your pussy and in your mouth and you swallowed every last bit of me. Even though you married, we shared something special with each other today, Christy — our secret, and it makes you my girlfriend. There's just a little red mark on your face, nothing too noticeable unless you let Dave see the rest of your sexy body."
He paused for a moment, his eyes raking her still naked figure on display for him. "Them beautiful tits and that tight stomach took some punishment. That wouldn't have happened if you had cooperated. If you get bruises, keep your clothes on around your husband until they fade."
He smirked at her. "Guess you may have to cut poor Dave off for a while — no more sex with him for a week or two. After how we fucked today you should be satisfied for a while anyway. If Dave asks about the mark on your face, tell him you accidentally slipped at the gym and hurt yourself."
Rage surged through her veins and she wanted to scratch Reggie's face off with her fingernails, yet she was powerless to do anything but remain silent while staring up at him from the edge of her bed where she still helplessly sat.
"You wanna come take a shower with me, baby? Since you probably won't be able to fuck Dave for a while, we can have a quickie before he gets home. I'll even let you suck my cock some more. You seemed to like doing that."
Was he serious? How could he think that she wanted more sex or that she had enjoyed any part of what he had done to her? She looked away from him in disgust.
"Suit yourself," he added, heading toward her master bathroom. He had his own bathroom near his room; he didn't belong in hers. He was treating her house the same way he had just treated her body — like it belonged to him.
While Reggie showered, the once confident Christy sat in shock on her bed pondering what had occurred and what he had said to her. He was dangerous and violent, and his threats were serious. She debated reporting him to law enforcement anyway. But her ordeal — so filthy, vile, and embarrassing — would need to be retold.
He had made her body become aroused and do embarrassing things. She had climaxed for him more than once. Reggie would claim the act was consensual. Would Dave believe her orgasms were involuntary? Everyone, including Dave, would know she had been fucked by this disgusting man, that he had performed oral sex on her, and that she had performed it on him and swallowed his cum. How could she ever explain these awful things to people?
Paramount and most terrifying of all, if Reggie was who he claimed to be, she risked causing her family and friends tortuous deaths. Somehow, he knew where her parents and grandma lived. What else did he know about her?
Christy decided to keep what had happened a secret until she found out more about Reggie Johnson. With his cum leaking from her pussy and his taste remaining in her mouth, she hastily dressed and left before he finished showering.
But Christy missed her promising job interview.
**********************************
Christy learned that Reggie Johnson had a lengthy Wikipedia page devoted to him. There was stuff all over the Internet about him. Officials suspected him responsible for numerous drug related murders and heinous crimes. Many of his victims were tortured and mutilated in horrible ways. He allegedly reigned over an extensive criminal empire, and with the help of powerful friends and gifted attorneys, he avoided conviction.
Christy had tried making herself scarce while Dave wasn't around to evade Reggie. It was torment having to share her home with the pervert who had molested and raped her. But one night while she was alone making dinner, Dave watching football in the living room, Reggie came into the kitchen to get himself and Dave another beer.
His proximity filled Christy with apprehension and embarrassment. The tension was palpable, but it was entirely hers. Each time she saw him she relived what he had done to her. But Reggie seemed unphased by her discomfort, carrying himself with an apparent pride that sickened her. Being alone in the same room with him was intolerable.
Reggie closed the refrigerator door and turned toward her wearing a big smile and holding a bottle in each of his hands. He triumphantly stared at her as if she was his conquest. "I notice you been staying out during the day when Dave isn't here," he quietly said. "You trying to avoid me?"
She angrily glared at him. How could he ask that after the horrible things he did to her?
"Playing hard to get, huh? You best make sure you remain home for me. I want time alone with you, baby. Things started out on the wrong foot between us and we need to talk."
"We're not ever talking about anything except you moving out of here. Get away from me and get out of our home, Reggie. Leave me and my family alone. I want nothing to do with you."
"Real bad things might start happening to your family and friends if you don't treat me right. I mean it, Christy. I know all your people, where they live and work." He reached up, pulled a piece of paper from his shirt pocket. "Take it," he insisted, handing her the folded sheet. It was apparently a computer generated list of everyone she knew, their phone numbers, addresses, where they worked, and even some of their birthdays.
"Where did you get this?"
"That's not important. My homeboys have a copy of that list with instructions. All I have to do is send a text. And if anything happens to me, like if I'm arrested for any reason, they have orders to torture and kill everyone on that list. I always get what I want, and I want to talk to you alone. I'm getting impatient and I'm not waiting no more. Tomorrow you staying home when Dave goes to work, or he won't come home at all. You understand me?"
What would Reggie's thugs do to Dave? Who else would Reggie hurt? She remembered what Reggie did to her, but Reggie and his goons were capable of far worse things, and they were going to start doing them to people she loved if she didn't at least pretend to go along with him. The prospect of spending another day alone with Reggie was terrifying, but Christy needed to protect her husband and her family and friends.
Christy slowly nodded her head.
"I can't hear you. Is that a yes, baby?"
"Yes," she hissed through clenched teeth.
"Good girl. We'll just talk some, get to know each other better, and maybe become friends, nothing else. I promise I'll be nice, Christy. Everything that happened before is gonna stay our secret. I know how embarrassing it must be, but you don't have to worry about Dave or anyone else ever finding out as long as you cooperate. Okay?"
She would never be his friend after what he had done to her, but she slowly nodded her head again in agreement. What choice did she have? The triumphant smirk on his face grew larger and filled her with even more hatred for him, yet she remained powerless to do anything about it. He could easily have Dave, her family and friends killed. He casually returned to the living room and left her standing there speechless.
The refrigerator began to drone, interrupting the silence Christy found herself alone in, replacing the cool air Reggie had let escape from it. How could Dave have been so careless and allowed this dangerous criminal to move in with them?
**********************
When morning arrived, Christy was lying in bed with her eyes closed, still unable to sleep. The sun had yet to rise and daylight was more than an hour away. She had spent the night tossing and turning, thinking about her earlier conversation with Reggie and what would happen today once Dave left for work.
She reassured herself that all Reggie wanted to do was talk this time. She had pondered how she should act and what she should say to him. She would be strong, but also diplomatic, and try to reason with him. She would agree to keep his identity and what he had done to her secret if he would leave her and her family alone. Surely that would be enough to appease him.
The alarm rang for a moment before Dave silenced it. She felt the bed shake as he got up, and she heard him close the bathroom door. The sound of flowing water from the shower Dave was taking would normally be soothing for Christy, but instead each passing second brought her increasing anxiety.
Dave exited the bathroom and Christy still appeared asleep. She usually woke with him in the morning. "Hey, lazy head. Are you going to get up and go to the gym today?"
Christy opened her eyes, pretending to just awaken. "I'm tired," she answered. "I didn't sleep well last night."
"I'm sorry, honey. Are you sick?"
She shook her head. She wished she could tell Dave the truth.
"Maybe you should skip the gym today and sleep in. I've got to head off to work now." Dave kissed her cheek, turned off the light, and left Christy lying in their bed engulfed by the early morning darkness.
Christy was exhausted after remaining awake the entire night paralyzed with indecision. She had second thoughts again about confronting Reggie. Should she get dressed and get out of the house to avoid him as she had done previous mornings since he raped her?
She had been going to the gym in the mornings with her duffle bag containing a change of clothes. She normally worked out and then went to the library and used the computers there to look for a job until it was almost time for Dave to come home. If she left the house today, Reggie had threatened to start hurting members of her family and her friends.
Reggie had slept soundly but had been awake for over an hour when he heard Dave leave. Reggie's cock had been hard the entire night because of Christy and remained that way now. He wanted to fuck her again. It was still early morning as he made his way down the shadowy hallway to Christy's room. The door was closed, the way Dave had left it before departing for work, and Reggie didn't bother knocking. He slowly turned the knob and with soft, cat-like steps quietly entered.
Christy was still in bed and lying on her stomach. She didn't hear Reggie enter and appeared to be sleeping. The pictures of her family and friends that had watched the previous time he had taken her remained on the dresser, silently observing from the shadows in disapproval. Reggie slipped off his boxers and cautiously pulled back the sheets to get in bed beside her, noticing she was wearing only a bra and panties. His cock ached to reunite with her. He carefully unclasped the hook of her bra and began removing it.
Exhaustion caught up with Christy and she had dozed off.
Reggie's muscular arm reaching around her shoulder and his hard cock stabbing her hip as he joined her in bed woke Christy. He began kissing her ear. "I'm glad to see you listened and stayed home for me today. You making the right decision. I'll be gentle with you. We gonna make love, baby, and I'm gonna make you enjoy it. I'm gonna make sure you cum a bunch of times." His hand descended toward her panties.
This couldn't be happening again, she thought, but fear left her momentarily paralyzed. He was in bed with her, touching her! She had to stop him before things went too far. She rolled over, grabbed his hand resting on her hip, and pushed it away. "No, stop touching me and get out of my bed. We can talk if you want. I've kept your secret and haven't told anyone about you or what you did to me the other day, but I'm not going to be your toy and you're not going to make me do anything like that ever again."
When she turned over to face him, her bra partially fell off and Reggie's eyes feasted on her firm, young tits, bearing the fading bruises he had left on them the other day. She was wearing a bra in bed to hide the incriminating marks from her husband.
Christy realized Reggie was looking at her breasts, and as her arms went to cover them, his hand that had lovingly caressed her moments ago, before she had rejected him and shoved it away, formed into an angry fist and plunged into her stomach. "I thought you had learned from last time, but you making me get rough again, baby."
Christy held her gut in pain while Reggie grabbed her loosened bra and pulled it completely off. He then slapped her cheek.
"No, don't hit me," she gasped, one hand clutching her stomach, the other shielding her face, and her perky tits left uncovered.
"You want rough foreplay this morning? This ain't nothing compared to what my homeboys gonna do to your Grandma Emily in a little while before they kill her. They like running train on old white ladies. I think I'll text my niggers now since you not cooperating."
Reggie started to leave the bed.
"Oh god, no! Don't hurt my grandma! Please, I'll do what you want, Reggie."
"This be your last chance. I mean it." Reggie's hands returned to Christy's hips and pulled at her panties. "Lift up for me and let me get these off you."
Christy didn't want to let him touch her, but she had no choice it seemed, her ass rising off the mattress for him as she sobbed. This wasn't going at all like she had anticipated.
"That's better," he said, dragging the soft undergarment down her smooth legs and removing it from her feet.
With Christy completely naked, Reggie lied beside her for a moment, putting his arm around her chest, caressing her right breast and playing with her nipple as if he was her longtime lover. "Please, you said you just wanted to talk," she sniveled.
He began kissing her neck, and as his lips moved closer to her ear her nipple involuntarily hardened between his fingers. "We'll talk while we make love, baby. There be no better way for two people to become friends and get to know each other. You gonna cum and enjoy this even though you may not want to. You don't have a choice and we not repeating last time where you tried to fight it. You my girl and you not telling me no again. You either gonna start letting me love you or bad things gonna start happening to your people. You understand?"
The back of her head rested on a soft pillow as tears trickled down the sides of her face and into her silky blond hair. She nodded her reply realizing there would be no reasoning with him regardless of what she said or how strong she tried to be.
"Good girl. I'll treat you nice... as long as you cooperate," he softly whispered between delivering kisses to her ear and filling it with his hot breath. His fingers relentlessly fondled her hard nipple for what seemed like eternity.
Reggie sat up and went to her legs, which had remained closed. His hands landed on her inner thighs. "Now open up for me so I can taste your sweet honey."
"Oh god, please don't perform oral sex on me again," she cried as she allowed him to spread her thighs open.
"Good girl...very nice," Reggie commented, ignoring Christy's plea and gazing once more at the lovely pink of her most intimate place. Reggie repositioned himself between her open legs and his fingers delicately culled her clitoris from her folds. "Let's see if I can get you in the mood for this, baby." He began licking her clit, wetting it with his saliva, and messaging it between a 'V' his two fingers made.
"Is it starting to feel good, baby?" he asked, her clit slowly firming in his fingers and her pussy moistening.
"No, p-p-please stop touching me."
His thumb remained on her clitoral hood rubbing the sensitive flesh. "You getting wet, and I think you getting a clit boner, baby. It's getting firmer, and soon it will need to be relieved."
"Oh, god, you're making me that way. S-s-stop touching me. Don't make me do this."
Reggie enjoyed making this privileged white girl cry in embarrassment. She couldn't stop him from making her pussy wet and her clit engorged, and she couldn't stop him from fucking her either. He thought it was a nice reversal of roles considering the history between their two races and what her ante-bellum ancestors may have done to his. He sucked her hardening clit into his mouth, his tongue twirling over it. "You want me to stop now, baby?"
"Yes, p-p-please don't do it anymore," she pleaded, welcoming his reprieve.
"Okay, I'll stop for a little while if you suck my cock instead."
Christy looked at him with dismay. How could he possibly expect her to do such a thing again? She was married to Dave and none of this was supposed to be happening. "I-I-I can't do this with you. Stop it—please!"
"Okay, baby. I guess you ain't ready for me to stop then." He resumed mercilessly attacking her clit, heightening its sensitivity and bringing her closer to an embarrassing orgasm. Christy desperately tried not to cum, finally surrendering and agreeing to perform oral sex on him if he would stop performing it on her. "Oh god...oh, oh, ah, ooh. Okay, I'll suck your cock," she cried out. "Just stop doing this to me!"
Reggie comfortably lied on his back in the bed Christy had shared with her husband only a short while ago. Her soft breast pushed against his hard stomach as she took his enormous cock in both her hands and reluctantly put its head in her mouth. She didn't want to perform oral sex on him and had tried to forget how he made her do it to him last time.
"You suppose to act like my girlfriend. Now do it nice, the way I taught you before," he reminded her. "Get into it like you did last time. Twirl your tongue over the head and run your lips up and down the shaft... yeah, like that. Now play with my balls some too while you doing that. You know how I like it."
She wished she had never met Reggie or know things so intimate about him as how he liked his cock sucked and the ways he enjoyed being touched. She had tried to block all the sordid details, the disgusting things he had made her do to him, from her memory. Now she was forced to repeat those lascivious acts.
His hand rubbed her back and he kept squeezing her butt cheek. She despised him, yet he made her act as if she loved him, like his girlfriend who wanted him. She did none of this by choice. While sucking on his cock and stroking his shaft, her free hand reached down to his scrotum and caressed his heavy gonads.
Christy started acquiring a steady tempo and relaxing a little in spite of herself. She knew what he liked and was obediently doing it — until Reggie made another demand.
"That's real nice, baby. You a natural at this and learning good, but you need to bring that sweet pussy on my face now, so I can enjoy it some more."
He had said he would stop performing oral sex on her if she would perform it on him. Now he was trying to make her do a '69' with him. "No, I don't want you to do that to me anymore."
She tried to scurry away.
Reggie sat up, his strong hands grabbing her thighs and squeezing them as he dragged her over his lap. He began spanking her firm ass. It sounded like the clap of an overly enthusiastic audience member and she cried out from the pain.
"Ow, what are you doing? No, stop... oh, no...ouch, it hurts!"
His loud, painful applause continued.
"Okay, okay...please...I'm sorry!"
When he finally stopped, her ass stung and glowed red, his hand kneading her solid glutes before soothingly rubbing the smooth, warm globes.
"I warned you not to tell me 'no' again. Now bring that sweet little pussy onto my face or it's gonna be your Grandma crying next. And make sure you swallow all my cum, like you did last time, baby."
Christy straddled his face. His hands grabbed her firm butt cheeks and spread them apart as he pulled her down towards his mouth. He delivered another smack to her scorching buttock. "Start sucking on my cock," he barked.
Christy felt him begin drawing on her already engorged clitoris. Oh, god, not that again, she thought, taking his huge chocolate cock in hand and putting it back into her mouth. Her clitoris had become sensitized by him earlier and what Reggie kept doing to it aroused her more. Christy didn't want to be aroused by him, didn't want any of this to feel good.
He wouldn't stop, and her loins began yearning for release. She didn't want to cum for him. It was so embarrassing. She fought her orgasm and began moaning with his cock in her mouth, sucking on it like it was a gigantic pacifier, stroking it, softly rolling his tremendous balls in her fingers.
The intensity of what they were doing to each other became overwhelming. Her body wanted to cum even though it was wrong. The way his mouth and lips kept engaging her down there made her begin to forget everything else and brought all her attention to the task at hand.
He was sucking on her clit harder it seemed. As she ran her lips up and down his shaft, she felt his cock begin throbbing in her palm. A glob of semen jettisoning from its tip landed on her cheek. She remembered that he expected her to swallow. "Oh, your cumming," she observed aloud. Her mouth returned to his glans as she continued stroking his shaft. "Mmmm, mmmm," she moaned.
For the second time, Christy was treated to copious amounts of Reggie's semen. His cock ejaculated for almost an entire minute, spurt after spurt she drank, an increasingly powerful dosage of his potent male hormones accumulating in her like repeated exposures to radiation gradually causing mutation. She was married to Dave, but she had never performed oral sex on him. Reggie was the only man she had tasted and swallowed, and she knew it wouldn't be like this with Dave.
The ordeal was finally over, and he was satisfied, Christy thought, regaining her senses as his cock finally stopped ejaculating and started losing rigidity. She removed herself from his face and from the '69' with him. She sat up on the edge of the mattress, disgusted with her behavior but relieved it was over. Reggie sat up as well and draped his arm around her shoulder. "You see baby, that wasn't so bad, now was it? How you feel?"
In a daze, Christy silently stared at him, her beautiful blue eyes containing a mixture of fading lust with rising levels of shame and hatred. His strong, masculine taste lingered in her mouth and a glob of his semen remained on her cheek. He reached up and wiped it off. "We don't want to waste this. Open your mouth for me."
Christy looked at the daub of white goo on Reggie's black finger.
She was going to refuse, but then remembered earlier — the way he punched her in the stomach, smacked her face, spanked her ass — and the horrible things he had threatened to do to her grandma.
Her mouth opened.
"Good girl," Reggie praised after making her swallow the very last of him.
"I did what you wanted. Will you leave us now, Reggie?"
"Leave you?" His arm still around her shoulder pulled her into him. "I love you and I'm not leaving for a whole year, baby. I got a lease that says I can stay, remember? And that's exactly what I'm gonna do. We not done today yet either. That was just a little appetizer to get us in the mood. Look at my cock."
Christy looked down and watched in dismay. His penis was slowly regaining an erection. Was this some kind of perverted joke? How could he possibly be getting hard again after only a few minutes?
"See what you're doing to me? Remember what I told you before about how a man's body shows his love? You keep making me hard, baby, because you so beautiful and I'm in love with you." He took her hand and guided it to his cock. "Now play with it some more."
Christy didn't have the any other option. With his strong arm around her shoulder, her arm slid around his waist as she began gently jerking on his cock.
"That's it, baby. You been giving me hard-ons since I moved here and now you gonna start taking care of them for me."
Christy couldn't believe how big and rigid his cock was becoming again. She could see and feel it rapidly growing to full erection in her hand.
She had intended to masturbate him, make him cum and be quickly done with the lewd act, but Reggie abruptly removed her hand from his big brown dick and stood. His palm landed between her firm breasts and pushed her backwards. "Lay back for me now," he instructed.
Christy was confused as he pushed her down into the mattress, her legs dangling from the bed where she had just been sitting. In what seemed like one continuous motion, his arms grabbed the back of her knees, lifted her legs while spreading them wide. He jerked her to the very edge of the bed.
She felt him messaging her clitoris with the head of his penis. "No, Reggie. I'm married to Dave. I can't do that with you," she pleaded.
He swiftly grabbed her chin and squeezed tightly. "Didn't I just warn you about ever saying 'no' to me? You my girlfriend, for a whole year until my lease is up, and you better start acting like it. I might decide to throw a few more dollars at that dumbass husband of yours to let me stay longer just so I can keep fucking you."
He released her chin and his hand slid down to her throat. He made it difficult for her to breathe, her face turning red like a tomato. "I can break this beautiful neck and just as easily have it done to your grandma and mom. How you think they would like getting fucked by a dozen big black dicks before being killed? Or maybe I'll have my homeboys slice up your dad and that dumbass husband of yours who lets strangers move into his home and fuck his wife. Now spread those pretty legs wide for me baby."
Her legs opened for him.
"Good girl."
His hand released Christy's neck, allowing her to breathe, and he resumed fumbling with his cock, probing around her entrance. She felt the smooth head of his penis rubbing against her swollen clitoris, then descend from it and push at her wet slit. "Don't," she whimpered, her palms uselessly pushing at his muscular stomach, but unable to stop him from pursuing his goal. The diamonds on her engagement and wedding bands sparkled against his dark skin as if silently protesting what was occurring in front of them again.
His fingers spread her labia as his cock took aim at her pussy. She felt the initial pressure as he sought admittance, then she felt her pussy stretching around the glans of his massive organ in surrender.
"Oh, baby, your sweet little pussy is so wet and tight and feels so good," Reggie exclaimed. "I'm finally inside you again. Oh, I'm gonna go all the way and deep." He began making tight circles on her clitoris with his thumb to help gain her cooperation.
"Oh, don't Reggie. Ooh...please stop," she cried, her pelvis briefly responding to his thumb with a faint undulation as if acknowledging pleasure.
After pulling almost all the way out, in what seemed like attempts to give Christy false hope, his cock kept returning into her a little further. Her hands abandoned their fruitless efforts against his stomach and latched onto his hips, trying to thwart his ever-deeper thrusts.
"Oh, yes, baby. Since you my girl, you gotta take all of me and show me how much you love me. You do love me, don't you, baby?"
"Oh god," Christy wailed. She didn't know how to respond to this sick animal. The discomfort caused by his enormous cock was reaching the threshold of pain. How could she stop him from going all the way into her with his long, thick penis? "Yes, I love you, Reggie. Please... oh...no more...ouch...oh...it hurts...ow...oh."
He held back for a while, allowing Christy to acclimate, until her grip relaxed, then he bumped into her further, catching Christy off guard, her fingers digging into his hips once more as he made additional progress. He kept repeating this technique and moving closer towards his goal, the muscles in her vagina stretching each time to accommodate a little more of him.
"Ow, Reggie, you're too big and you're hurting me."
"Shhh, it gonna be okay, baby. You'll get used to having me inside you. I'm bigger than your husband, but you gonna take me. I told you last night we was gonna get to know each other better and become friends, and that's what we doing. You becoming my girlfriend and I'm almost all the way in you. Just a little more, baby."
Her fingers bore into his hips from sudden pressure and pain as he drove home. "Ow, ow, oh, oh, ah, I can't! Ah, ow, oh, ooh. Nah...no more."
"What you mean you can't? We already there. Look at my cock. It all the way in you now, baby."
Christy looked down in horror and watched his entire penis, its long, thick shaft triumphantly wearing her silky secretions, repeatedly and completely invading her pussy. She felt his immense scrotum slapping against her asshole, further attesting to his victory. She looked up at him, their eyes meeting, the pain abating as her body adjusted to his entirety. "Ooh, oh, ah... Reggie, you're not wearing a condom. Ooh, oh, please... pull out now."
"Relax, baby. We got all day before Dave comes home and I ain't gonna cum again for a long while. We got plenty of time to enjoy this."
"Ooh, ooh, ooh... no. Don't do this to me," Christy murmured while accepting defeat. Her hands remained on Reggie's hips, but no longer grasped him in pain or attempted to hold him at bay. For now, at least, he had conquered and dominated her.
As if reading braille, the walls of her vagina began painting vivid images behind her eyes of his thick, long cock tunneling through her quivering tissues, parting them all the way up her birth canal, expanding her vaginal orifice. The head of his penis practically reached her cervix. Reggie embraced her in his arms as he lied on top of her, his hard, bulging muscles pressing against her.
As he resumed the trail of kisses up Christy's neck toward her ear that he had embarked on earlier, he took note of how her nipples hardened and pushed into his chest and how her pussy became even wetter. She obviously liked having her neck and ears kissed while being fucked.
Through the closed curtains of her bedroom window, the murkiness of early morning had succumbed to the light of an approaching afternoon sun. "Oh, oh, oh, don't make me cum again, Reggie. I don't want to. I can't do this. I'm married to Dave," Christy moaned in his arms. "Oh god...no. Ooh, ooh, ooh."
Reggie felt her pussy throbbing around his cock. He kept making her orgasm and this one was getting really strong.
His own orgasm was swiftly approaching.
"That's it. Show me how much you love me, Christy. See how your nigger boyfriend makes you cum? I love you, baby," Reggie cooed. "Oh, yeah, you feel so good."
It seemed like his big muscles were becoming tenser and he was driving into her with greater force. Christy felt something like a squirt gun going off along with pressure and his huge cock pulsating in her pussy. It took a moment for all these things to register in her mind. Dave didn't orgasm this strongly, he usually wore protection and he didn't ejaculate as much. But she had experienced Reggie do this with her before. "Oh, ooh, please don't. Oh, you're not wearing a condom and you're cumming in me, Reggie...no."
He pulled out too late but while still ejaculating, his warm cum landing on her stomach. He removed her hand from his hip and placed her fingers around his cock. "I'm not done. Stroke me, baby. I made you cum now help me finish."
"Oh god, Reggie—you're cumming all over me."
"It's okay, baby. It's my love for you overflowing from my body. Don't stop. It feels good. Keep stroking it and show me how much you love me too."
She helplessly lied beneath him, his hand around hers making her gently tug on his cock and assist with the sick, demented task. His hard, gargantuan penis pulsated in her hand like a major artery about to burst, discharging semen all over her.
"Oh, yeah, baby...Ah, keep doing that. I love you. I'm sorry. I tried to pull out before I started to cum, but you felt too good and I couldn't help it."
Christy was speechless. How could this happen? She was married to Dave and loved him, but this awful criminal had fucked her — again. She let go of his cock, sat up and looked down in shock at the mess Reggie had left all over her body and at what was copiously leaking from her pussy. The size of his penis and testicles truly matched the amount of semen they produced.
His cum, mixed with her own vaginal secretions, was on her hand from fondling him and she didn't know what to do with it. He hugged her and she unconsciously ran her slimy palm up his hard, muscular chest.
"Please, stop now," she implored in his embrace.
He left her bed, stood and petted her hair affectionately. "I love you. Did that feel good, baby?"
Christy sat on her bed staring up at him incredulously, her eyes filled with more confusion, anger and shame. How could he possibly say he loved her and ask that? "No, it didn't feel good. I hated it and I hate you, Reggie. I'm married, I love my husband and I didn't want to do this. You made me do it."
He smirked at her. No matter what she said, they both knew how much she came. "I guess I'm gonna have to work on you some more then. Eventually you gonna admit liking it and you gonna love me."
Neither of those things would ever happen as far as Christy was concerned.
He picked his boxers up off the floor and turned to her. "Make sure you don't tell no one about me, and we'll keep all this our secret. You probably don't want your husband finding out about what you been doing with me, and you don't want my homeboys visiting any of your family or friends either."
Tears began running down Christy's cheeks. "I did what you wanted. Now get out of my room and leave me alone!"
She sat on the edge of the bed and watched his towering body walk away, his dark, muscular shoulders, back, and buttocks briefly on display. He closed her bedroom door behind him as quietly as he had entered it that morning, leaving Christy with him in and on her body and what he had done to her again seared into her memory.
************
The exercise helped take her mind off what Reggie had done to her again yesterday. Christy had gone to the gym early in the morning, finished a good swim, got in some strength training, and returned home to take a shower, all before the sun had risen.
A cool breeze blew through her golden hair as she finished running home from the gym and reached the front of her house. The stars brightly twinkled in the pre-dawn sky, and a sliver of the moon hung low in the horizon as if bidding farewell to another night. All the windows in her house were dark as she approached, except one. The light from her bedroom window indicated Dave was awake and getting ready for work.
When Christy entered the bedroom, Dave greeted her with his usual smile, completely unaware of what had been transpiring between his wife and Reggie. "Why up so early this morning, Christy? Did you have problems sleeping again last night?"
He buckled his belt, sat down on the edge of their bed—in the exact same spot where Reggie had fucked her yesterday— and reached for his work boots.
Christy was filled with guilt and shame. She did have problems sleeping last night, but she couldn't tell Dave the real reason why. "I guess I'm a little apprehensive about that job interview today, so I ran to the gym and got in an early workout."
"You're incredible, Christy. I wish I had half the energy you seem to have. That's how you keep your gorgeous figure."
Dave's comment was supposed to be a complement, but Christy wished she wasn't so attractive because beauty had become her curse.
"Dave?" she asked softly as he was tying his boot.
He looked up at her. "What, sweetheart?"
"If I get this job maybe we can give Reggie back his lease money, sell the house, and move somewhere more affordable."
His eyebrows lifted as he listened to her. "I thought you loved this house, Christy. Why do you want to sell it now? Eventually the market will come back and we can sell then if you want."
She looked at the floor like a child caught in a lie. "I don't know, Dave. I just don't like having to share our home. I think it would be better if we had some place smaller for just the two of us."
"I don't think we can sell for what we owe. We're upside down on the mortgage. We'd have to do a short sale and that would really ruin our credit for a long time. We've already been late on a few bills and I don't know if we'd even qualify for a new loan. We should be able to make ends meet now with the extra income from Reggie though. I think it'd be best to hold on to the house until the market recovers. Besides, Reggie wouldn't be too happy about having to pack all his things and move out after he just moved in. It wouldn't be very nice of us to do that to him."
If Dave knew the truth about Reggie, he wouldn't have been so concerned about upsetting him. Dave always wanted to be everyone's friend, and some people took advantage of his trusting nature. In this instance, it was Christy paying the price. "I guess so," Christy softly replied with a hint of sadness in her voice. She turned toward the bathroom to bathe and get ready for her interview.
The interview she had missed the first time Reggie raped her was with Brightman Enterprises. The company must have been really interested in hiring Christy because they rescheduled her for today instead of hiring someone else.
She needed this job. It was a position as an account executive, and not only would it provide necessary income, but it would advance her career.
Dave had already left for work when Christy finished showering and exited the bathroom. She thought he would still be home, but he had gone in early it seemed. She had felt safe from Reggie while Dave was around. Alone and unprotected, she quickly finished dressing in business attire and put on some makeup in a hurry to avoid Reggie.
The house was quiet, and she didn't think Reggie was awake yet, but when she went into the kitchen there he was, wearing only his underwear and standing in front of the refrigerator as if he had been waiting to ambush her. The muscles in his arms, chest and stomach bulged beneath his dark skin like waves in a restless ocean, and a huge protrusion caused by his massive erection pushed against the fabric of his boxers like a pole holding up a circus tent.
"Who you all dolled-up for today, baby?" Reggie asked with a sickening smile that revealed his gladness over catching her. The blue dress Christy wore hugged her delicious curves and reached a few inches above her knees, showing off her slender legs. Light makeup further accented her already gorgeous blue eyes and pouty lips. Her soft blond hair flowed past her shoulders like rays of sunshine. She was enticing and Reggie couldn't resist her.
This was the perverted monster that had molested and raped her multiple times. Christy looked up at him with disgust and answered coldly. "I have a job interview. I told you before to stop calling me baby. I'm not your baby. I would appreciate it if you put on some clothes."
With the swiftness of a viper's bite, his hand grabbed her by the nape.
"Ow, get your filthy hand off me!"
His dark eyes angrily peered into hers. "Who's gonna stop me? Dave's not here to help you, is he?"
"No, he went to work. Let me go!"
"Well then it's time for you to make nice with your boyfriend. We get to play while he's gone. I thought you and me had an understanding about this, but you not cooperating like you suppose to. You forget about our little arrangement, baby? You staying home with me when Dave goes to work. Remember the list of your family and friends? My homeboys are ready to visit each of them, including that pathetic husband of yours. The warehouse Dave works at is right in the middle of the hood — a convenient spot for my niggers to do a stabbing or shooting."
No, she couldn't let Reggie do those perverted things to her again, but she couldn't let him hurt her family either. The reality of her situation became horrifyingly evident. The two previous times he had raped her weren't going to be isolated instances. He wanted her to be his captive in her own home so he could fuck her every day.
Tightly gripping the back of her neck, he began guiding her over to the kitchen table, her legs stubbornly moving in the direction he wanted, her hands instinctively reaching up and wrapping themselves around his wrist.
"No, Reggie. You're not doing that to me again. I have a job interview I need to go to. Stop it."
He bent her over the kitchen table, the right cheek of her face pressed against its cool wooden surface, her open palms pushing against it but unable to lift herself off it as he held her down. She felt his other hand reaching up her dress and begin rubbing her pussy through her thong.
"I can do whatever I want to you, baby, and you gonna let me do it."
"No! Don't touch me. I mean it. Stop it, Reggie!"
His finger easily circumvented the thin strip of fabric comprising her thong and slipped into her warm slit. She hated him and what he was doing to her, but her pussy began moistening for him and it embarrassed her.
"That's a good girl. Get nice and wet for me, Christy, and show me how much you really want me," he commented, slowly sawing his thick digit in and out of her tight, wet opening and further humiliating her.
She did not want him, and she never would want him— but he was making her wet.
His finger, coated with her silky secretions, began attending to her clitoris.
Christy's eyes opened wide when she felt him touching her there. "No, don't do this to me. Stop touching me there... don't."
"Oh, yes, baby. Right there. Uh-huh, we both know how much you like having your special spot rubbed. Does it feel good yet?"
"No, stop it. I don't like it. Please."
"Sure, you don't, baby. But I'm touching it anyway. Oh, yeah, that starting to feel good, isn't it?"
Contrary to her claims, her clit revealed the pleasure it felt by firming beneath his finger, and he continued manipulating it as he soothingly spoke.
"Shh, it's okay, Christy. You going to let me touch it for a little while, baby. Your family and friends need you to protect them. You either cooperating or someone's gonna get hurt real bad, maybe even die. Remember who I am? If you piss me off something unfortunate will happen to someone you care about."
"Oh god, no. Stop it...don't."
Her struggling began to subside. "That's it. Calm down, and let me play with it, baby. It won't be bad. See how good it starting to feel?"
"Oh...oh...oh...ah, stop touching me there. Ooh...no."
He reached into the waistband of her thong and began slowly sliding it down her legs while masturbating her.
"No... please...don't," she cried. The young, confident woman on her way to a promising job interview moments ago had turned into a sniveling schoolgirl. "You can't do this to me again. I won't let you."
"Yes, I can do this to you, Christy, and you gonna let me because you don't have a choice. You my girlfriend now, baby, and you already done nasty things with me. Remember what we did yesterday? This be all your fault because you too beautiful to resist; you keep making me hard."
"I didn't do anything to you. I'm not your girlfriend. Stop it."
He lifted her dress up, revealing her firm, prize-winning ass covered with the faint bruises he put on it by spanking her yesterday. He kicked her legs apart; her thong, which he had left around her lower thighs, became taut.
Christy heard a loud crack before the sting registered in her brain. He was slapping her butt again.
"Don't talk back to me. If I say you my girlfriend, you best agree with me," Reggie growled while disciplining her. "Now say it to me."
Her ass was already tender from the spanking he gave her the day before. "Ow, ow, ow, stop hitting me! Okay, please...I'm your girlfriend."
"Say it again!" Another smack...
"I'm your girlfriend."
"Again!" Another smack...
"I'm your girlfriend damn it! I'm your girlfriend! I'm your girlfriend!"
When Christy's spanking finally ended, her ass glowed red and radiated warmth. He soothingly ran his hand up and down each of her firm, young butt cheeks and squeezed them.
Bent over the kitchen table she sobbed, her bare ass red and sticking out for him. Reggie took advantage of this opportunity, pulled down his boxers and aimed himself at his weary target.
The head of his penis nudged her moist labia.
Christy raised herself up on her elbows and tried to turn around, but he held her hips firmly.
"No, please wait..."
He thrusted, her labia separating for the head of his penis and granting it entry. It was too late for her delay tactics. He was already inside her.
"Don't...oh... oh... please no... ah...oh..." She collapsed on the table, air evacuating her lungs as his enormous penis slowly advanced all the way into her, until its head practically reached her cervix and his scrotum made contact with her clitoris. The walls of her vagina began convulsing uncontrollably. She reached forward, her fingers clutching the edge of the table in front of her and her knuckles turning white.
His strong hands continued holding her hips as he reversed course, unhurriedly pulling almost completely out, until just the bulbous head of his cock remained, her pink labia tightly stretched around it like the lips of a mouth sucking on a large lollipop. He paused a moment, letting the reality of what was happening to her sink in and the anticipation build, before embarking on his return journey to the furthest possible depth inside her, and repeating this process with a steady, predictable rhythm.
"Ah, ah, oh, you can't do this to me. Stop it," she moaned, instinctively repositioning herself to ease his entry and better accept him. He had already demonstrated to her that he could do whatever he wanted with apparent impunity.
Her young, white pussy was like a taste of paradise to his penis. He looked down at the wet sheen coating his dark brown cock. "Ah, baby, you so silky and tight and feel so good. You know I can't stop now. Don't it feel good having me all the way inside you again?"
"Ah, ah, no. Oh, ooh, ooh... it doesn't feel good. Stop doing this to me. I hate it and I hate you."
His hands moved from her hips to her butt cheeks and spread them wide apart. Her pink asshole winked at him as he gently ran his thumb up and down across it. "Awe, I see you also like me touching your asshole. You sensitive here too, baby? Dave ever massage your asshole? I be discovering all sorts of intimate things about you."
"No, he's not filthy like you. Oh...you're a sick, disgusting pervert. Ah, oh...stop it now. This is wrong. I won't tell anyone. Pull out and stop rubbing me there. Oh... please, I have to go to a job interview."
Reggie continued massaging her sensitive anus with his thumb while fucking her, causing it and the muscles in her vagina to contract in response and making her pussy squeeze his cock. "But you my girlfriend and I know you don't want to leave me with this painful hardon you caused, do you baby? That will make me frustrated and I might have to do bad things to people you care about, like your poor old Grandpa Bill. I love you and I don't want to do something like that."
"Oh, god... no. Don't hurt grandpa. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you hard. Don't hurt anyone. I'm doing what you want."
"Maybe if you nicer to me, let me love you more and keep me satisfied, I'll change, baby."
She didn't want to be nicer to him or let him love her in the disgusting way that he expressed it, doing these perverse things to her, but she couldn't risk his possible reaction if she denied him.
"Ah, oh, oh, ah. Okay, Reggie."
The sex act continued, Christy's body becoming more comfortable with his size, his reliable cadence, and beginning to anticipate his thrusts. His penis was like a giant piston moving inside a snug, well-lubricated cylinder. Preoccupied by all this, she didn't notice him carefully unzipping the back of her dress.
He unexpectedly withdrew from her.
Was he done?
He kneeled and began sliding her thong the rest of the way down her legs.
Lifting herself on to her elbows, her back arched as she craned her head to see him. "No... what are you doing?" she stupidly asked, her dress unexpectedly falling from her shoulders.
"Getting you into better position," he replied, lifting her foot while removing her thong from around her stiletto. He proceeded to her dress and taking it the rest of the way off, letting it puddle around her ankles.
"No, my dress. Don't mess it up. I need to wear it to my interview. Please, Reggie, stop now." Her words seemed weak, ineffective, almost comical, but she didn't know what else to say to make him stop.
"Your dress will be okay. Don't worry about your job interview. You can go after we done."
He unhooked her sexy bra, her perky tits and bruised nipples exposed for him.
"Please, no. Why are you doing this to me?" Christy sobbed. She was almost completely naked save for the stockings on her legs, the high heels on her feet, and the thong remaining around her right ankle.
"Turn around and bend over again, baby." His hand landed between her shoulder blades and pushed, returning her against the wooden surface. She was bent over with her round ass sticking out for him once more. He took hold of her left knee and gently ushered it up and on to the table.
She felt him re-entering her and moaned. "Ah, oh...please... don't make me do this, Reggie. I'm not your girlfriend; I'm Dave's wife. What you're doing is sick and wrong. Oh...oh...ah...no don't. This can't be happening. Ah, oh, you're going so deep again—all the way inside me. Stop it. Don't, oh...oh...ah...no."
Regardless of how sick and wrong it was, Christy began appreciating his generous circumference and depth. Fully inside her, he reached under her chest and lifted her off the table and into a standing position in front of him, his one hand cupping her breast, the other sliding down her firm stomach and beginning to play with her clit as he held her against his muscular body.
"No, don't touch me there. Oh, oh...please...ah...stop it."
He didn't stop. His fingers finessed her engorged clit. He kissed her neck and whispered into her ear: "You need to cum on my big black cock and show me again how much you love me, baby—like you did the last couple times we been together."
Christy shook her head refusing to do that for him. She would never love him, and she wasn't going to allow herself to be humiliated like last time. But then something else she wasn't expecting occurred. His finger expertly retracted the protective hood on her clitoris and gently played with her exposed glans. "Oh, oh— what are you doing? Don't do that...oh, you're touching me. Ah...ah...you can't. No...oh, oh...ooh, ah, don't, Reggie," she murmured. "It's wrong. I love Dave. I can't do this to him. I don't want to cum for you. Stop making me do this. Oh, oh, ooh, ah."
Her hands reached down and warmly held his wrist as he worked her sensitive nub. Her eyes grew dreamy, her head tilted back on his shoulder, she bit her lower lip, and her pussy began to throb on his cock.
"Is that starting to feel good? That's it. See how nice that feel now, baby?"
Her hips autonomously undulated. "Ah, oh, ooh, no...you can't make me do this," she moaned, grinding her pussy on his huge dick as he held her in his arms and exploited the weakness of her receptive clitoris.
"I love you, baby. You want to love me back and cum on my cock? Keep working your pussy like that," he whispered in her ear. "That-a-girl. Oh, yeah, that's it. Get into it, baby. See how nice we being to each other now and how good it feels? We BFFs like I said we would be."
Christy's pelvis continued replying with graceful coital motions, her pussy ridding his cock, and nothing more needed to be said, their bodies expressing something crude, but true to one another.
Reggie abruptly pulled out of her, leaving Christy confused. After trying desperately to resist him, she was in the middle of an intense orgasm that he had forced on her. She felt like the floor had been removed from beneath her feet. He turned her around facing him, grabbed hold of her hips with his strong hands, and lifted her up.
She didn't have time to think about her reaction. Christy instinctively wrapped her arms and legs around him for support. He set her down on top of the table with her legs dangling from its edge. She fell back on her elbows, their eyes meeting for a moment and speaking to each other without words. He lifted up her knees and spread them wide apart.
He continued staring into her eyes. "Put my cock back in your pussy, baby," he instructed. Christy and Reggie looked down simultaneously.
She hesitated a moment. His towering penis looked so hard and leaned from his body.
"We was being so nice to each other just a moment ago, baby. Best friends and all that. It'd be a shame if something bad had to happen to Grandpa Bill or Grandma Emily," he reminded her.
She was betraying Dave, but the consequences of disobeying Reggie would be horrific and tragic. She reached down and silently took his enormous cock in her hand. It was slippery from her pussy and warm. Before reinserting him into her vagina, some primitive instinct she didn't understand caused her to gently tug on his erection a few times, perhaps to ensure he remained hard and completed the reproductive act they had started. It was done unconsciously, and Christy would never comprehend why she did it.
"Oh, that feel real nice, baby. Now put me inside you."
Christy guided his huge, hard cock into her wet pussy.
"Oh, yeah, that feel so good. You so wet and silky, baby," he exclaimed going all the way into her and completely filling her birth canal once more.
"Oh," she moaned, fulfilling her role as his female partner that nature dictated and taking in all his hardness.
His palm landed on her bald mons while his thumb resumed stroking her clitoris. She glanced down and dumbly watched him doing this to her without objecting. She wasn't thinking about Dave, her family, or even Reggie's terrible behavior and how much she hated him anymore, only the tidal waves of ecstasy quickly rebuilding in her body...
Reggie's self-control was impressive, and it brought Christy to the edge of her sanity multiple times— one climax following another, following another. Little room remained in her mind for other concerns, like the consequences of unprotected sex, her infidelity to Dave, or that a criminal she hated was inside her.
An hour had passed, and Reggie still didn't orgasm. He seemed to get off on making her cum instead, as if he was accumulating a credit card balance of guilt in Christy that she would need to repay with interest once the sex ended and she faced her husband. Reggie's objective was to leave her in marital bankruptcy. Then Christy would be all his.
Reggie's self-control finally reached its limit. He couldn't hold off forever, especially with Christy's tight, silky cunny clenching his cock. Christy recognized the signs Reggie displayed—his faster and harder thrusts, his heavier breathing. Her hands grasping his biceps felt his muscles flex with greater intensity. Her relationship with him was non-consensual, nevertheless they were becoming familiar to one another as sexual partners and were able to read each other with increasing clarity.
"Oh, ah, ah, pull out, Reggie... before you cum this time." Christy didn't realize the precum leaking from Reggie's penis the entire time contained sperm that accumulated in her vaginal fluids. His genetic material—along with potent hormones he produced that heightened sexual responsiveness in his partners—was already swimming in her pussy.
"You feel so good. I gotta cum in you, baby."
"Oh... ah...no, Reggie, don't. You can't cum in me. It's wrong. All of this is wrong and I shouldn't be doing it with you. Ah...oh...you need to stop and take it out now."
"Oh, baby, just a little longer."
"No, Reggie, stop. You came in me last time."
"It feels good and I want to stay in you, baby."
"Oh...god, Reggie...oh...ah. You don't belong in me. I'm married to Dave. You can't do this to me. Oh...oh...oh. You can't cum in me. I'm his wife, not yours."
Reggie wanted her to fully accept him, and that meant she needed to receive his semen the way nature intended. She may have been Dave's wife, but Reggie was going to cum in her pussy. Oh, baby, I'm sorry. I can't stop now. I need to cum in you."
"No, don't...Pull out now. Oh, god...not again. Oh, oh, oh, ah, ooh."
Her pussy began clenching his cock and her fingers dug into his biceps. She felt his warm seed spreading inside her womb, filling her.
"Oh baby, you feel so good."
Christy's hips replied to his, greeting his thrusts by grinding into him. "Ah... oh... oh... ah...ah...ooh...ooh."
"I love you. You wan't me to pull out now?"
"Oh...ah...ah, oh— yes, please pull out," she moaned. But it was already too late. He had cum inside her again and flooded her with his semen.
She was having an intense orgasm, her vaginal muscles contracting tightly around his penis as he hesitantly withdrew. She remained open and vulnerable as he stood between her spread legs. His erection persisting, he began massaging her clitoris with the head of his penis, her pelvis involuntarily undulating in response.
"Oh, what are you doing to me? Stop it."
"I'm helping us finish, baby." He took her hand in his and made her stroke his penis and take over the clit massage he had begun giving her.
"Oh...oh...oh. No, don't make me do this. It's wrong," she protested, his cock still ejaculating on her as he forced her to pleasure herself with it. It was so perverted and disgusting, but it felt good, which made no sense. This was a heinous act he was performing on her. How could it possibly feel so nice? His cock pulsated in her grip, leaving streams of his warm semen on her stomach and tits. The amount Reggie ejaculated wasn't humanly possible, yet he did it.
"Ah, baby, keep doing that. I love you."
Christy didn't reply. Reggie had no concept of love. His cock was still releasing globs of semen as she rubbed it on her clitoris. She coddled his hard penis against herself to satisfy him, but she would never love him. She just wanted the horrible crime he was committing on her to be over soon. He was rich and powerful drug dealer, a violent criminal, and worse of all, a perverted sexual predator that preyed upon her. He was everything she abhorred.
Christy released Reggie's flaccid cock and closed her legs when he finished. His cum was all over her body, and when she sat up, she noticed his semen had leaked from her pussy and formed a small puddle on the kitchen table. It didn't seem possible for a human male to release this much sperm.
Reggie bent down, picked her dress up off the floor and offered it to her with a smile. "Now you can go to your job interview, baby."
Christy looked at the time displayed on the microwave oven and her heart sank further. "It's too late. I missed it," she replied to him despairingly.
"Oh, that's too bad, baby. But now we can spend more time together, get to know each other even better, and you can give me head."
She looked up at him with disgust, realizing she wouldn't have a choice.
Reggie helped Christy off the table, guided her on to her knees, and in the middle of her kitchen she performed oral sex on him. Her technique was improving...
***********
Christy feared telling anyone about Reggie, including Dave. Reggie kept threatening to hurt her family if she didn't keep his secret and cooperate with him. When she tried refusing his advances, he reminded her that a word to his homeboys was all it would take. Something as quick and easy as a text message from him could jeopardize everyone she loved.
"Hi Honey," she greeted Dave, pretending to be his happy wife as he walked into the living room and pecked her cheek. "How was your day?"
"Hey, homeboy," Reggie added with a grin. For weeks he had been secretly boning Christy when Dave went to work.
Forced sex with Reggie was extracting its toll on Christy, but she managed to conceal her anguish to protect her family, and Dave paid little attention to the subtle change in his wife.
"Fine," Dave answered heading toward the refrigerator to grab a cold beer after working all day in that hot warehouse.
Christy couldn't believe her husband's blindness. How could Dave not see Reggie lustfully staring at her all the time, undressing her with his deep black eyes? Dave had no inkling of her terrible situation, who Reggie was or what Reggie was doing to her. Reggie's cum was inside her!
Christy couldn't stop Reggie. When Dave went to work Reggie called her his girlfriend and kept pushing boundaries, their interactions lasting longer, becoming more frequent and intimate.
Dave never saw the expensive panties and bras Reggie started giving to her. She kept these inappropriate presents hidden. She didn't want Reggie's gifts. She hated him and wished he would leave her alone and go away.
A multitude of emotions flowed through Christy's mind — anger, embarrassment, guilt and shame. But Dave was oblivious to it all. He wandered off into the garage, leaving her alone in the living room with this dreadful criminal sitting near her.
She didn't want to be anywhere close to Reggie. She needed to get far away from him after the disgraceful things they did together just a short while ago before Dave came home. Reggie was like an invasive species displacing the intimacy she once shared with Dave.
She abandoned the sofa and headed to her bedroom.
"Where you going, Christy?" Reggie called after her.
"To bed," she bitterly answered without turning around to look at him.
Christy went to take a shower and prepare for bed. She locked the bathroom door to make sure Dave wouldn't come in while she was naked and see the fading bruises Reggie had left on her body.
Like dissipating storm clouds, the discolorations were almost gone — incriminating evidence that still hinted at what Reggie was doing to her. After the first few times, Christy had learned to acquiesce for Reggie's advances, and he stopped using physical methods of persuasion, allowing her bruises to heal.
While bathing, she carefully cleaned her sore vagina. Today she had been with Reggie for hours. His cock had been in both her mouth and in her pussy flaunting his dominion over her. She wished she had a douche handy to completely flush all of him out of her body.
She finished bathing and dressed. Dave was sitting on their bed waiting for her when she exited the bathroom, his eyebrows scrunched together, and a stern look on his face. "Honey, I need to ask you something," he started.
Christy's heart began pounding and blood rushed to her head. Did Dave suspect something?
"Why are you treating Reggie so badly? You act like an entirely different person around him and hardly speak when he's near. He just asked me if there's something bothering you."
How could Reggie ask Dave that after the perverse things he was doing to her in secret?
Christy looked down as if in heavy thought. "I don't know. I just don't like him, Dave. He makes me feel uncomfortable."
Suddenly there was alarm in Dave's voice. "Why? Has he done something to you? Did he try making a pass at you?"
Christy looked up as if she had been stung. She hesitated for a second. Dave's question didn't even come half-way to the truth, but it was on the right path and she had to get him off it. He could never know the truth. "No, he hasn't done anything to me, Dave. He just gives me the creeps."
"I don't understand, Christy. Ever since we first met him, you've been negative about this whole arrangement. Reggie saved us from losing this house and he's even been giving me extra money to help cover other expenses. He's really a likable guy once you get to know him. He's going to be with us for at least a year, so will you please try to be a little friendlier and treat him better?"
'At least a year' rang in Christy's ears like a fire alarm. Had Reggie put the idea in Dave's ear of staying longer like he had threatened? Dave had no idea what type of guy Reggie really was and what he had been doing to her. Dave was asking her to be nice to the sick pervert who was molesting and raping her, and Christy had no choice but to agree to Dave's innocent request.
"Okay, I'll try to be nicer to him, Dave."
Dave stood, put his arms around her, and began kissing her neck. "I'm the luckiest man in the world to have a wife like you. I love you, Christy."
Christy couldn't let Dave continue. If things went too far, he might see the faint remnants of old bruises Reggie had left on her. She had no appetite left for physical intimacy anyway after spending time with Reggie today. It was like he had taken every orgasm in her body and left her completely drained of desire for her husband.
"I love you too, Dave. I'm sorry, but I don't feel well tonight and I'm tired," Christy replied, untangling herself from his embrace. Since Reggie began molesting her, she had been giving Dave excuses, but Dave didn't seem to notice.
She turned off the light sitting on her nightstand, entered bed wearing her pajamas and tried to sleep until she heard Dave leave the room.
In the darkness, thoughts of Reggie's big, black cock made slumber for Christy nearly impossible. The things Reggie had been doing to her penetrated the core of her femininity. Now perverted images of the sex they had together haunted her, like shocking highlights from pornographic videos she had been forced to watch and couldn't get out of her mind. If only they were just videos she was remembering. She had actually experienced those obscene things with the criminal who lived in her house.
At least it was Friday. With Dave home for the weekend, Reggie would leave her alone and likely spend the next couple of days away, tending to his illegal drug business she assumed. The welcome break from him would give her time to recuperate.
**************
The weekend had brought Christy a temporary reprieve from Reggie, but Monday morning arrived much too soon, like the alarm on a clock that prematurely interrupts a deep, desperately needed slumber. Christy awoke as Dave prepared for work. She rose from a sea of sheets covering their bed ready to finally try having sex with her husband again. "Honey, why don't you call in sick today and stay with me?"
They had not made love since that day when Reggie barged into the bathroom and first assaulted her. As a married couple, Christy and Dave had never gone this long without each other. Christy wanted intimacy with her husband. In a peculiar way she felt like it would help repair the secret damage done to their marriage. Dave remained completely unaware of what she was doing with Reggie to protect her family.
The bruises Reggie had given her were finally gone and she wasn't wearing pajamas this morning to conceal them, only her panties. She looked perfect and Dave desired her, but the timing was all wrong. He couldn't be late for work. "I can't call in sick today, Christy. Leroy asked me Friday to work overtime today, and I'm going to be home late tonight, after 8:00 P.M."
"You didn't say anything about working overtime today. That's too long, Dave." Her voice contained a hint of fear that he misinterpreted as annoyance.
A perplexed look momentarily crossed his face as he stared at her. She never complained about him working overtime before, usually welcoming the extra money. He thought he remembered mentioning the extra hours to her, but perhaps it was Reggie he had told while they were drinking beer together Friday night, after Christy had gone to bed early. "I'm sorry. I thought I did," he answered.
Dave continued getting dressed, ignorant of his wife's panic. A silent façade concealed her internal turmoil that felt like a violent storm raging within her tight chest. No escape was possible, yet she successfully hid her dismay.
She couldn't be alone with Reggie all day while Dave worked overtime. Even with Reggie's threats dangling over her head like a guillotine about to drop, she didn't want to repeat last week and the things he had made her do with him. She sat up in the bed, Dave kissing her cheek and heading off to work.
Christy hopped out of bed wearing the sexy bikini briefs she had tried enticing her husband with and put on the matching bra. She rummaged her dresser drawers searching for something else to quickly throw on. It was a race to get out of the house before Reggie woke.
Unfortunately, Reggie had risen earlier in the morning and already waited for his opportunity to be alone with Christy. Dave had kindly mentioned to him last Friday night, while they drank a few beers together, that he would be working overtime today.
Reggie heard the front door close, Dave's car rumble to life and pull out of the driveway. It had been a long weekend without Christy, and with an urgent erection that demanded immediate attention, Reggie looked forward to spending extra time with her.
Christy grabbed a pair of olive colored Capris pants and a beige blouse. But before she put them on, Reggie entered her room shirtless, tremendous muscles in his chest, arms and stomach bulging beneath his dark skin as if sculpted in stone. His baggy, black gym shorts poorly concealed the huge protrusion caused by his gigantic cock.
"You gonna go somewhere, baby?"
Christy's voice contained a mixture of annoyance and fear — but predominantly fear. She knew why he was in her bedroom and what he wanted. Reggie visited her bedroom most mornings after Dave left. "I need to look for work. I would appreciate it if you didn't come in my room anymore."
The only work she would be doing would be on her back for him, Reggie amusingly thought. He smirked while advancing closer to Christy. "I'll come in your room anytime I want, and you ain't doing nothing about it. You forget about our little arrangement? You not going anywhere today. You staying with me. You my girlfriend and you best be good to me, baby, remember? Or else bad things will happen to Dave and your nice family."
Reggie's massive stature dwarfed her petite frame as she stared up at him. She backed away, aware of his intentions, until her firm, round ass bumped into the dresser and she couldn't retreat further. "Please get away from me."
"What's the matter, baby? Don't you want some more loving from your black boyfriend today? I know you missed having my big black dick inside that tight little pussy over the weekend."
She wasn't his 'baby' or his girlfriend. She hated having sex with him. But he was a high-ranking drug dealer, a violent gangster responsible for numerous murders. He had threatened her family. If she refused to cooperate with him, if anyone found out anything about him, if anything at all happened to him, his homeboys had their instructions. No one could know the secret, especially Dave.
Christy shook her head. "No, please leave me alone! I don't want to do that with you again."
Reggie pulled down his shorts and guided Christy's hand to his colossal cock. "We done this before and you know what I like, baby. It's not that bad. I'm gonna treat you real nice and love you some more today. All you gotta do is cooperate. You don't want anything to happen to your family, do you?"
He had broken her. Christy shook her head, wrapped her fingers gently around his erect penis and began jerking on it, tears pouring from her eyes like a rapid drip from a leaky faucet. He might get rough and leave more marks that she would need to hide again. She didn't want to keep doing this with him and didn't want his affection. But she didn't want anything bad to happen to Dave or her family either. Why couldn't Reggie just go away and leave her alone?
"I like them panties and bra you got on. You look real sexy in them. You wear them for me, baby?"
"No, I wore them for Dave," she cried.
"Ah, that too bad. Looks like Dave went off to work and left you all alone for me again, huh? He don't appreciate you like I do, baby. You know I love you." Reggie's arm reached around her shoulders and drew her against him. "That's a good girl. You learning how to do that nicely. You like how big my cock is? Oh, yeah, that feels really good, baby."
Christy held his huge black penis in her hand, but she despised what he forced her to do with him. She stood facing Reggie in her sexy bikini briefs and bra, his arm around her, their bodies touching, her fair white skin as beautiful against his dark complexion as the moon in the night sky. Reggie was hard and muscular without a soft spot on his body.
His abnormally large cock had an almost hypnotic effect on her. Although now familiar with it, she still couldn't help studying the monstrous phallus that she stroked. It was heavy and firm, felt smooth and warm and reached all the way up Reggie's flat, washboard stomach. Pre-cum began oozing from the slit at its tip, which she used as lubricant, twirling her thumb over his sensitive glans.
"Oh, that feel real nice, baby. I like how you touching it. You know I love you, right?"
She nodded her head. A few twitches confirmed the pleasure his penis was receiving as it pulsated in her hand. It was like Christy was entering a trance. Reggie kept telling her that he loved her while forcing her to do these sexually intimate things with him and betray her husband.
Reggie noticed further improvement in Christy's technique — the tempo of her gentle tugs increasing, her caresses imitating true affection. During their times together, she had learned what he liked. She fondled his penis with seductive tenderness.
"Oh, yeah, that's it. You starting to like big black cock, huh baby?"
She briefly remembered that she despised Reggie, hated doing this with him. He was a sick bastard and Christy wished his prick would fall off.
"Oh, I gonna cum real soon, baby. Keep doing that." But Reggie actually wasn't going to let himself orgasm for her. He was merely allowing Christy to get his cock ready to fuck her, like a fluffer on the set of a porn production.
The hand job Christy was giving Reggie grew to a demeaning level. Someone unfamiliar with her situation might view her behavior as consensual. She stroked his shaft, traced her thumb around his glans, delicately rolled his heavy balls in her fingers. He had made her do these things to him multiple times before while Dave was at work. Her intimacy with Reggie had lost most of the awkwardness experienced by new sexual partners.
Reggie watched the wedding band on Christy's finger sparkle as she caressed his large penis. He reached around her back and unfastened her bra. It began sliding from her tits.
With her other arm, she caught her falling bra before it came completely off. "No, Reggie — please, not today. Just let me jerk you off this time."
"Let it go, baby. I wanna suck on your beautiful tits and you gonna let me. You don't wanna get me mad. I waited all weekend for you."
Christy reluctantly put her arm down and allowed her bra to fall the rest of the way off, revealing her light pink, quarter-sized areolae. The bruises he had previously left on her were gone. Perfection had returned to her skin like that in a flawless painting.
Reggie put his lips to her nipple and began sucking and nibbling on the sensitive flesh, causing it to harden. He remained focused on her young, firm breasts. "You wanna fuck again, baby? I understand Dave's working late, and you and me gotta make up for our long weekend apart."
Christy raised her head and stared at the ceiling while he continued sucking on her tits. "Oh, god, no. Don't make me do that with you again, Reggie — please."
"What you crying for, baby? We gonna make lots of love today. Once you get used to my cock again, you'll start liking it."
How could he think she ever enjoyed having sex with him? Yes, he had made her orgasm, but she couldn't help it. She hated having sex with him and never would like it, her thoughts a confusing mixture of anger, embarrassment, and guilt.
After bringing her left nipple to attention, Reggie soothingly rolled it between his fingers while moving his mouth to Christy's right one and repeating the process. Christy's young, pink nipples soon poked toward Reggie as he twirled his fingers around them and took turns suckling on each as if trying to nurse.
Christy knew the more she cooperated with Reggie, the better he would treat her. But she lost enthusiasm playing with his penis, realizing the inevitability of what was to come next.
He subtly ushered her toward the bed. Reggie had enough foreplay. It was time to take the grand prize.
"No, please," she uttered, aware of where Reggie's guiding efforts were leading. Christy awkwardly moved until she stumbled backward. She lost her footing and with his additional shove, she fell into the mattress.
Where beautiful white women rightfully belonged for black men, Reggie grabbed Christy's knees as they hung from the bed and tried separating them, but they remained locked.
"You resisting again? You best open up for me."
"Stop making me do this. I don't want to have sex with you anymore."
Forcing a privileged white woman, especially such a gorgeous one like Christy, to reluctantly take him excited Reggie. His fingers went to Christy's nipples, tightened around them and began twisting. "I guess you want it rough again, huh? This be your last chance before I really start pinching."
"Ow," she cried, her breasts beginning to ache. Recalling the last time she fought Reggie and the marks he left that she needed to hide from Dave, Christy reconsidered her resistance. "No, please don't hurt me, Reggie. I don't want it rough. I'll do what you want." She inched her legs apart to stop the pain and to avoid additional bruises that would need to be concealed.
Returning to her knees, Reggie yanked her close to the edge of the bed and shoved her legs wide open. "This is better, Christy. It's best if we don't fight. We've already done plenty of nasty things that I'm sure you don't want your husband or anyone else to ever know about, like how you like sucking my big black cock and swallowing my jism, and how much I make you cum when we fuck. You becoming my girlfriend, even if you don't want to."
His face wore a disgusting smile as he said these awful things to her. She would never be his girlfriend.
With her legs vulnerably apart, Reggie pulled her bikini briefs to the side — their delicate fabric strained in his fist like a stretched rubber band — and delved his tongue right into her soft pink flesh.
Unable to control her body's embarrassing reaction, her sweet juices began copiously flowing from her pussy into his mouth — exactly the response he sought from her.
He parted her labia, keeping her completely open, and his tongue wandered over her clit. He carefully stroked her prepuce with his thumb, exposing her super-sensitive glans. He explored her other folds that were extensions of her clitoris, his tongue licking them, his fingers gently fondling them. Reggie had learned how susceptible Christy became when he touched her the right ways long enough.
She sobbed. "Why won't you just leave us alone? You made me have sex with you all last week. I don't want to keep doing this with you. Please, it's wrong. I'm married to Dave and I don't want this."
But he kept her fully open, and wrong or not, her clit truthfully revealed something different to Reggie, growing noticeably fuller and harder from the unwanted stimulation he gave it. He would make her like it soon enough, he thought.
She felt him doing unmentionable things to her down there — things she didn't want to see. No one — not even Dave — ever touched her this way, did such perverse things to her, scrutinized her private anatomy in such humiliating detail. She would never permit anyone to do this to her. But Reggie wasn't just anyone. He was a dangerous and powerful criminal, and he did what he wanted to her, touched her private parts in such intimate and embarrassing ways.
"Oh, don't do this to me again, Reggie —p-p-please."
"You beautiful, baby," he kept reassuring her as he held her pussy stretched completely open and manipulated her most private and sensitive places. "You my girlfriend and I love you."
His words gave no solace. She didn't want his love, and her beauty wasn't his to enjoy, yet he helped himself to it anyway. He had taken away her normal life and her self-confidence, turning Christy into a victim of sexual abuse, a damaged person. He had mortally wounded her once healthy marriage by destroying its monogamy, and he kept re-inflicting these wounds, keeping them raw and infected, making them fester. Filled with shame, her thoughts screamed: Oh, god, no. I'm so sorry, Dave. He's stretching my pussy open, looking at me, touching me again!
But there was nothing she could do to stop Reggie.
He continued going down on her, licking and sucking on her clitoris. He performed oral sex on her like a starving man devouring a tasty morsel, her pussy the only delicious treat in weeks he binged upon. She squirmed beneath him, unable to move herself away from his unwanted attentions.
His mouth stayed on her vagina and she couldn't avoid receiving oral sex from him.
"Please, stop it."
"Why you crying when it feel good, baby?"
"No, I don't like it — please."
"Your wet pussy be telling me something else— the truth, so stop lying."
His tongue resumed exploring her vagina after his humiliating comment.
Christy stared at the ceiling, moans slowly infiltrating her pleas for him to stop. "No, I hate this and I hate you. Ooh... you bastard... ah, ooh...ooh, no — leave me alone. I need to look for work today. Ooh, ooh stop. No, please, not there again. Ah, aah, oh."
He kept licking and touching her clitoris, just the right way, sucking on it, and it began feeling good — really good — adding to her humiliation and frustration.
He wasn't her lover, but he came to know her like one. Every woman was unique, and during their times together Reggie had found Christy's weaknesses — the techniques that evoked physical responses he sought from her. He had learned what gave her body pleasure. He kept focusing on those susceptibilities and specific places where bundles of nerves resided, sending delicious tidal waves to her brain. He held her completely open and Christy didn't realize how candidly her body revealed what aroused it.
But Reggie observed her responses when he did something she liked — the subtle undulations her pelvis made, the way her pussy moistened like the mouth salivates for something appetizing, the change of pitch in her voice, the faint moans that infiltrated her cries, the way her hands grasped him while attempting to push him away with less determination, and how her nipples hardened. He made her clitoris engorge and become ever more receptive to touch, and he continued indulging it. He gave Christy intense sensations he knew she didn't want from him.
She arched her back. "Ooh, no, not there anymore. Ooh, you bastard — stop doing that. Ah, oh, ooh, stop touching me there like that. No, don't suck on it again. Oh, my god, don't. Ooh, I'm going to tell the police, and have you sent to jail. Ah, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh my god — no."
Her body displayed its arousal like the easily read instrument panel in a fine sports car, and Reggie almost laughed at her empty threat. Besides his promise to kill her family and friends, she was too ashamed to ever concede to anyone that she had been fucked numerous times by a gang banger, a nigger from the hood who had forced her to cum. Her orgasms filled her with guilt and made telling anyone even more difficult. No, Christy would have reported him that very first time he had taken her if she was ever going to do it.
Although Reggie felt confident that Christy would never make good on her threat and go to the police, he still needed to remind her of her place, and most importantly, keep her submissive. He briefly rose from between her legs, his hands grasping her thighs tightly and holding them spread apart, her silky juices glistening, practically dripping from his chin and lips like he had been eating luscious fruit.
Christy thought she saw sparks of anger in his deep, dark eyes as she looked up at him from the bed.
"You threaten me bitch?"
She defiantly stared at him.
He slapped her face, her head whipping sideways and an imprint of his hand remaining on her cheek. The blow was unexpected and blinding, like a strike of lightning. "Answer me, bitch."
"Ow!" She rubbed her cheek where his strike had landed, bright sparks from his smack slowly clearing from her vision like afterimages from the flash of a camera. She made a mistake and had forgotten how violent he could be when she didn't cooperate. "No Reggie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I promise I'll never tell anyone about you."
"Convince me then. Tell me you my girlfriend and that you love me."
"I'm your girlfriend and I love you," Christy sobbed. She hated saying that to him almost as much as having sex with him.
"That's right. Now keep repeating it. Remember that I own the police. I'll know if you tell anyone about me, and so will my homeboys. Real bad things will happen to your family if anything happens to me. You my girl and you belong to me. Don't forget it."
Her beautiful blue eyes remained locked to his.
"Now keep your legs open wide for me, or it gonna be rough again. You understand me?"
She brought her thumb to her lips and slowly nodded her reply, her eyes teary.
"You not gonna give any more sass. You mine. You my girlfriend and you gonna learn to like this and love me. Say it to me again."
"I love you and I'm your girlfriend," Christy cried.
"And you like what I'm doing to you because it feels good, doesn't it?
Christy silently nodded.
Now keep saying it, baby. Don't make me remind you."
She obediently lay there while he grabbed her knees with his strong hands, spread her legs wide open, and resumed orally assaulting her. He went right for her clit again, keeping her at that threshold between torture and ungodly pleasure.
She renewed her whimpers and her moans, fought her hips from rising. She hated him and the way her body yearned to respond to him. "Ooh, I'm your girlfriend... No, Reggie, please not there again. Oh, oh, no, that feels good. I love you. No, ooh, ooh, ah, ooh, I'm your girlfriend, please stop it. Ooh, ooh, I love you. Oh god don't..."
The oral sex lasted until Reggie fully ripened her for intercourse, her clit swollen hard from his unwanted attention. She rose on her elbows and looked down as he finally yanked her panties off.
"What are you doing?" she stupidly asked between her sniffles, as if she didn't already know from prior experience.
Reggie again guided her legs apart until they could open no further. He positioned his cock at her luscious entrance.
Christy's hands grasped at his hips in desperation and tried holding him off. "No, I can't have sex again, Reggie. I'm not taking birth control. I'm married to Dave and I don't want this. I don't want you to make me pregnant."
Christy didn't take birth control pills because of the side-effects and relied on Dave using condoms to avoid an untimely pregnancy. She wasn't sure exactly when her fertile period would begin.
The head of Reggie's penis slowly entered Christy's unprotected vagina anyway, despite her protests, her hands uselessly attempting to hold his hips at a distance, pushing against them, but unable to thwart his progress. Christy's eyes met his. "Please, at least use one of Dave's condoms for me this time. They're in the dresser drawer."
Reggie steadily penetrated further. "Oh, no, baby. We haven't used rubbers before and we not starting to now. You already got me spoiled on doing this with you bareback. It more intimate. I wanna feel you and I want you to feel me, not some latex barrier separating us. You very special to me and it's better this way; it's natural and we'll enjoy it more. Don't worry. I'll pull out this time, so you won't get pregnant."
Christy remembered how she was unable to control her own body the last time they had sex, the powerful orgasms he had made her have, how his withdrawal was delayed and how his big cock overfilled her pussy with semen. His penis had continued spurting even after he pulled out, leaving messy trails of slippery spunk all over her stomach like sugary glaze drizzled on a pastry.
She didn't want to experience him this way again, so intimately, his huge penis inside her. She wanted as little contact with him as possible, yet the opposite kept occurring and she was forced to share the most personal sensations with him. Against her will she was becoming more familiar with Reggie as her sexual partner than with her own husband, and it filled her with guilt and disgrace. "Reggie, please. I'll do anything else you want. I'll jerk you off; I'll suck on your cock — just not intercourse again. Take it out now before we go too far and can't stop. I don't want a baby."
Christy thought the threat of pregnancy would stop Reggie, but in reality, it made him more excited and desirous for her. What better way was there for her and her family to pay for their privileged, white lives than for him to put a black baby in her belly? He pushed more of his thick, lengthy cock into her and watched her grimace from the invasion. "It too late for that, baby. I'm already inside you and I can't stop now. Your pussy feel too good."
Reggie's voice sounded distant to Christy. She heard his words but was no longer listening to them as her attention was focused elsewhere. She responded in unison to Reggie's thrusts. He went deeper and deeper instead of pulling out. "Ow, ah, okay, ah, ah, oh." With Dave home during the weekend, it had been two days since having Reggie inside her. Her anatomy needed to adjust once more to Reggie's exceptional size, to his thick long penis advancing and separating the walls deep inside her birth canal.
He incrementally pushed more of himself into her and caused Christy to start crying out. "Ow, please. No, not too much. Ow, wait, go slower, Reggie. Oh, no more. I'm not ready yet. Oh...it's too far... hurting. Easy. Oh, oh, you're going so deep inside me. Oh, oh, ah, okay..."
With the entirety of Reggie's long, thick negro phallus inside Christy's snug vagina, her whimpers continued for a few minutes synchronized with his thrusts. The depth he reached far exceeded what Dave could achieve.
Typical of most females, Christy's vagina was amazingly adaptable. Her discomfort diminished, and her pussy soon stretched and conformed to Reggie's absurd size again. Christy welcomed the relief as her pain subsided, not fully grasping how her anatomy was changing for him.
"Wrap your legs around my ass now and start hugging me, baby. And keep telling me that you love me, how good my cock feels inside you, and that you my girlfriend. Start acting more as if you like this."
How could he ask her to do that? He sickened her, and she tried ignoring him.
For some reason Christy needed a little more encouragement today. Over the weekend she must have forgotten what he had taught her. Reggie lifted himself off her, his weight supported by only one arm and his incredible strength displayed in its bulging muscles.
For a fleeting second Christy thought he was finished and that this awful act was ending. But instead of pulling out, his huge penis stayed stubbornly embedded in her pussy, like an irritating splinter stuck under the skin. He unexpectedly slapped her face, on her other cheek this time, to get her attention and let her know he meant business. The impact sent her head in the opposite direction from his earlier strike.
"Did you hear me? Hug me and wrap your legs around my ass. Keep saying what I told you to say. I'm not gonna tell you again. Start fucking me back and act like you enjoying this!"
"Oh, god, no — I can't," Christy balled as his solid torso returned to rest on top of her. But she complied, hesitantly reaching her arms around his back and wrapping her legs around his ass.
"I'm your girlfriend and I love you, Reggie," she sobbed. "You feel so good inside me."
"That's right, keep saying it, but like you mean it, and hug me tighter, baby, like you can't get enough big black dick."
Was it possible to hate him more than she already did? In anger, her arms and legs tightened their grip to him. She was keenly aware of his gigantic penis completely filling her with his presence.
"Yeah, that's it, baby, like that. That's good. Now say them magic words."
His huge penis moved in and out of her pussy with renewed fervor and it was becoming overwhelming, like a blast of music that drowns out all other sounds.
Christy's eyes were like open dams, a flood of tears rushing from them. Instead of her husband, Reggie was inside her. Her legs remained locked around his muscular buttocks as she hugged him tightly. "I'm your girlfriend and I love you. Uh, your cock feels good. You're so deep inside me. Oh, oh, I like it.
"Please stop making me say these awful things and stop making me do this, Reggie. No... ooh...ah... oh...no..."
Reggie felt her pussy begin contracting around his cock and he grinned. Although she was reluctant to repeat what he had told her to say, more importantly her body was doing exactly what he wanted it to do.
Her hands unconsciously latched onto the big, hard muscles in his back and she gritted her teeth in angry frustration. Why did her body react this way to such a heinous act?
But her vaginal spasms defied her anger, becoming stronger and more frequent.
"You starting to enjoy my big black dick for real again, like every time we fuck, baby. I feel it in your pussy; it clenches my cock when you cum."
What Reggie said couldn't be true. But he was inside her and he could feel her having orgasms. There was no way of concealing them from him. Why couldn't she stop her body from doing this? The humiliation was unbearable. "Oh, son-of-a bitch. No, I don't want this. You're a sick, disgusting, basta............"
But before Christy could finish saying 'bastard', she drifted off in mid-sentence, her eyes becoming dreamy. "Oh, ooh... don't Reggie."
Reggie had accelerated his thrusts and altered his motions while Christy was speaking. He knew what he was doing and how to deliver himself to her. The change caught her completely off guard, his long, thick cock making firmer contact with her g-spot and creating more friction.
She was keenly aware of the lengthy travels his penis was making, sliding in and out through her tightly stretched vaginal lips, titillating the millions of nerves lining the walls of her entire birth canal. Neurons bombarded Christy's brain with signals of pleasure and a series of very powerful orgasms had snuck up on her, silencing her objections and concentrating all her attention on her pussy. The deep penetration that had caused pressure and discomfort earlier now felt exceedingly good and her entire universe took on that single focus.
"Oh, oh, ooh, uh-huh," she moaned unable to complete her thoughts.
She never orgasmed this strongly before and unintentionally hugged him even more tightly. She simply couldn't stop herself from embracing him when he made her cum like this.
"Oh Reggie, you're making me cum. You're so deep inside me. Oh, oh, don't...ah."
Moans of female arousal replaced Christy's cries of grief and her earlier sobbing had completely stopped. Their bodies remained upon each other, Reggie in her continued embrace. He felt her soft firm tits against his burly chest, her erect nipples hardening further, her pussy contracting around his cock in strong orgasmic spasms she couldn't control. "I gonna take good care of you. Keep holding me tight and keep saying what I told you to say," he whispered while kissing her neck and ear.
Christy didn't want to reply to Reggie's encouragement, but her pussy was in control and she found herself doing so anyway. "Oh, oh, okay, I love you, ah. Dave wants me to be nicer to you. I'll be your girlfriend. Your cock feels so good."
The powerful orgasms passed, and Christy returned from her sexual musings remembering that she loathed him, hated allowing him to fuck her. How could he think she really loved him or liked any of this? Why would he make her say such terrible lies to him? How could he say that he loved her — that he would take care of her? She wanted to shove him away and kick him in his gigantic testicles, even if her body was conveying a much different message.
Was Christy becoming distracted? Her hips were losing enthusiasm and subtle shoves that sought separation began interrupting her embraces. But he wasn't ready to end their union yet. "Open your pretty lips and let me give you some tongue, baby. I got a lot more love to give you and we ain't near being done yet."
They weren't making love. They were fucking, Christy thought. She closed her eyes, wishing she could ignore him and that this would all stop.
"Did you hear me? You gonna learn to like it and love me. Now hug me tighter and open your goddamn mouth for me before I beat the fucking shit out of you! Or would you prefer something bad happen to your family — your parents or Dave? Perhaps it's time for me to send my homeys a text."
She heard him and didn't want him to hit her again — or worse, hurt her family. Her lips separated, and their tongues met in her mouth. "Mmm, oh, mmm, please, no, Reggie, mmm, I don't want to do this... I don't really like it; stop making me say I do...mmm...oh, mmm...mmm. Okay...for a little while... I'll be nicer to you... just don't hurt my family or Dave...I love you. Mmm, I'm your girlfriend...your big cock feels good. Ah."
She would never enjoy this with him, even if he made her act like it, she thought. But contrary to her intentions, the spells where she forgot he was raping her were becoming more frequent and lasting longer. She was unaware of her own reflexes and how her pelvis, with a mind of its own, resumed making coital motions. Instinct was an overwhelming force and it made her participate in the sex act.
The longer they fucked and the longer he made her hug and kiss him, the more natural all of it began to feel, like a role an actor plays many times over. I love you and I'm your girlfriend echoed in her mind like a mantra, their hips moving together once more with the rhythm of passionate dancing partners. Their lips remained locked and their tongues, like their sex organs, eagerly greeted each other. Reggie had regained Christy's attention and her universe once more collapsed around the magic they were making.
Christy had been virtuous and never dreamed of having a relationship outside of her marriage. But sex with Reggie, whom she had despised, began feeling normal and acceptable to her, as if she belonged with him as much as Dave.
Perhaps she didn't hate Reggie. Maybe she even liked him. She was becoming comfortable having intercourse with him and Dave wanted her to be nice to him. Although she remained in denial about it, she had become accustomed to Reggie's big cock. He felt really good inside her — better than Dave. There was so much more of Reggie. Reggie's thicker and deeper penetration forced her to have a physical unity with him that she never experienced with Dave. Part of her wanted to be Reggie's girl and part of her was learning to enjoy sex with him like he had said she would.
She tried to banish her horrific thoughts, remembering it wasn't love they were making. She was married to Dave and Reggie was committing one of his heinous crimes on her. He was forcing her to do this and it was sick, wicked and wrong. How could it possibly feel good?
"I love you and I'm your girlfriend. Your cock is so deep inside me. Oh, it feels good." She couldn't stop hearing herself repeat those awful phrases he made her keep saying to him. He was a despicable drug dealer, murderer, gangster, and rapist who threatened her husband, family and those she loved. She would always hate him.
But intercourse with Reggie continued, his deep penetration along with all the kissing, the embracing. While they fucked and their bodies remained joined, emotions from a deeper, more primitive part of Christy's brain, urged her to espouse their illicit act and bond with him — to accept and trust him. They kept resurfacing, like bubbles from the bottom of a pot of water once it reaches a rolling boil.
Her sentiments began reflecting what their bodies kept doing with each other. Although Reggie had coerced her into having sex, they had engaged in it enough to begin influencing her feelings for him in irrational ways, especially when participating in carnal behavior with him. "Oh, you feel so good deep inside me, Reggie. I love you and I'm your girlfriend..."
They finished another round of French-kissing and she saw the clock on her nightstand. Dave had worked overtime, yet where did the hours go? She was hugging Reggie tightly; they were fucking zealously.
Christy had become more complaisant the longer this immoral act continued. Her prolonged victimization caused Christy to question if Reggie had actually seduced her. What he did to her felt good and made her orgasm, and this filled her with guilt and made her believe she was partially responsible for what was happening to her. "Ooh, oh, uh-huh, ooh, Reggie, we've got to stop now. Ah, oh... ooh, please. Look at the time. Dave will be home soon. Please, ooh... he'll find out about this. I can't let him see what we've been doing."
"Show me some more love, baby. Say what I want to hear and start squeezing my cock with your pussy again. I'm close, but you gotta cum with me this one last time. Don't try faking it either, because I'll know."
How did things come to this — to where she was trying to cum for him? She didn't want to do it but couldn't risk delay and Dave coming home and seeing them together. Christy let go of the little resistance she had mustered. A telling squeal escaped from the back of her throat, her fingers digging into Reggie's muscular back, her vagina clenching his penis.
"Oh, ooh, I'm your girlfriend. Uh-huh, ah, oh, I love you. Oh, I'm cumming, Reggie. Oh, god, you're so deep inside me and feel so good. Please cum for me now, Reggie."
He felt her pussy tightly squeezing his cock in another series of orgasmic fits. There was no way she was faking this one. "Oh, yeah, baby. That what I'm talking about. Good girl. I love you and I love when you do that for me. You showing me how much you like this and expressing love for me. That the way." He drove into her harder, deeper, and she felt the familiar, powerful tension in his huge muscles, his heart thumping in his chest.
Was this the third one for him? Reggie had promised to pull out. She couldn't remember how many times he came today, but they were orgasming together now.
"Ooh, don't, oh, you're cumming in me again, Reggie. No... you promised to take it out before you came this time," she uselessly murmured.
Once more he experienced incredible pleasure and relief as his huge, hard penis fed what his enormous balls produced in excess to her soft, wet vagina. "Ah, yeah, baby, you feel so good. I can't pull out. I'm cumming in your pussy. Oh, I love you so much."
She knew what he wanted her to say to him, and while it hurt to keep betraying Dave, she said the words Reggie wanted to hear anyway. "Oh, I'm cumming too Reggie. I love you and I'm your girlfriend."
He kept pumping more of his cum deep in her pussy.
Her arms loosened their embrace around his strong shoulders and her legs released his firm ass. She labored her words while catching her breath. "Ooh, oh, that's enough. Pull out now."
She was still having her own orgasm when Reggie lifted off her, withdrawing his long, thick cock from her sperm-filled cunt, their bodies at last untwining. He wasn't completely done either; she felt warm spurts from his penis landing on her stomach after he withdrew.
She knew what he wanted her to do. Her fingers wrapped around his cock and gently stroked it to help him finish. He ejaculated more than Dave — more than any normal man. His huge testicles made too much sperm and Christy thought this was probably the reason why he was so aggressive and demanded sex so frequently. He likely couldn't help himself. "Oh.. you're cumming so much this time," she absently remarked.
"I know baby. Because I love you and missed being with you over the weekend."
"Ooh, Reggie... it's so much," she repeated staring down at his cock, mesmerized by the way it fired it's warm ammunition all over her belly, like a gun in her hand.
His penis was becoming softer and had finally stopped spewing semen. "Are you done?" she softly asked. She let go of his cock and his hands began massaging the slippery spunk he had ejaculated on her stomach into her skin as he spoke. "Yeah, we done. Did that feel good for you, baby?"
It wasn't supposed to feel good, she guiltily thought. He kept forcing her to do this and it was wrong. Christy momentarily turned her face away from him, her cheek sinking into her pillow, without answering as he rubbed his semen across her flat abdomen with his strong hands.
He rose from the bed and stood nude looking at the family pictures on her dresser, among them her wedding photo with Dave. Reggie was proud of himself for spoiling a white man's beautiful wife. Poaching married white pussy was like hunting quarry and he enjoyed the sport of it. His nicest trophy was lying in bed, her womb filled with his semen and her body covered with it. Christy was a keeper.
Reggie's smirk at her wedding photo went unnoticed by Christy. She remained in the bed. Her eyes briefly wandered to his huge, flaccid penis coated with the slick, wet sheen she had put on it.
The intense orgasms had left her feeling relaxed and exhausted even though Reggie performed most of the work. But the sex had ended, the euphoria was fading, and rationality began returning to Christy along with her disdain for him. His seed was oozing from her pussy; the excess he had rubbed all over her stomach was drying on her skin, turning into crusty residue. She detested what he did to her.
She had lost count of how many times she came and resented what he made her say and do to him, the way he had forced her body to respond in ways she didn't want. Did her orgasms really mean she enjoyed sex with this vicious criminal and loved him like he kept making her say to him?
She hated Reggie and she couldn't allow her mind to play tricks on her. There wasn't time to entertain these disturbing thoughts. Dave would be home shortly. She got out of the bed and hurriedly changed the sheets, noticing a disgusting wet spot left on one of them. After making the bed, Christy took a shower to eliminate the last remaining evidence of what had occurred.
The after-sex shower where she used a washcloth to remove Reggie's cum from her vagina was becoming a ritual. She didn't want him staying in her body, but she knew his penis had gone far inside her and that some of him would remain anyway. She kept remembering how much semen he produced. It seemed to blast from his penis like water from a firehouse when he orgasmed.
Her pussy felt a little sore this time. Over the weekend she hadn't had sex with him, and her vagina must have tightened some. He was so much thicker, longer and harder than Dave.
It seemed like ages since she made love to Dave, and it was because of Reggie.
She exited the shower and wiped away some of the steam on the mirror. Thankfully, the marks Reggie had left on her cheeks weren't too noticeable. She quickly put on makeup and blush to further conceal them.
Christy began making supper moments before Dave's arrival. Dave returned home fatigued after working hours in a hot warehouse. He barely responded to Christy's hugs and kisses as she greeted him in the kitchen. Reggie stood beside Christy apparently helping her prepare dinner.
Dave was glad to see them getting along better. Christy must have listened to him last night and was apparently being nicer to Reggie.
"Hi, Honey — I'm dead tired. What's for dinner?" Dave asked, noticing the extra rosiness in her cheeks and her eyes that looked a little red and puffy, yet failing to recognize the full extent of Christy's anguish. "Are you okay? You look like you've been crying or something," he remarked.
Christy and Reggie glanced at each other for a moment. Her mouth opened but words failed her. "Um..."
Panic set in. She didn't know what to say. If the wrong words left her lips, things could quickly turn ugly. She looked down at the dish she had been preparing and tried to gather her thoughts. The ingredients in the pot provided an excuse.
She forced a grin and gave a girlish giggle. "No, I was just cutting some onions and Reggie had to finish them for me. And my allergies have been awful. I just took an antihistamine."
Her bright smile allayed Dave's concern.
Reggie recalled why Christy had been crying. She was an incredible fuck, and he didn't want anything jeopardizing that, especially her dumbass husband. He quickly reached into the refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of Michelob to distract Dave. "Hey, bro, you look like you can use a few cold beers tonight."
Reggie's face beamed as he handed Dave the beer. Dave really had no inkling that his gorgeous wife was getting fucked by a big black cock when he went to work. How could Dave possibly be that ignorant? But it was working out well for Reggie. Dave was young and he was naïve like Christy had been before Reggie began molesting her. The smile on Reggie's face grew bigger as he took another beer for himself and went into the living room with Dave pretending to be his friend.
Christy remained in the kitchen preparing supper while Dave and Reggie sat in the living room watching another football game on TV. Christy heard them howl over a play. She disliked them bonding.
Reggie was like cancer in her marriage, separating her from Dave physically and isolating her from him emotionally. Why couldn't Dave see it? Reggie's charade sickened her — pretending to be Dave's buddy while taking her behind his back.
Christy needed carrots. When she opened the refrigerator, she stared contemptuously at a full case of beer Reggie had left in it for Dave. Dave rarely drank before Reggie moved in with them. But with Reggie's encouragement, Dave now became intoxicated almost every evening.
She finished cooking and went to the living room to fetch Reggie and Dave for dinner.
She had never been cognizant of penis size before, but her eyes lingered on the outline of Reggie's huge dick that hung down the left leg of his grey sweatpants as he sat next to Dave on the sofa. Reggie had made her suck on it, swallow his ambrosia, and she knew how he tasted. He had made her play with it and hold it, and she knew how warm, thick, massive, and hard he felt in her hands. He had fucked her with it, and she knew how he felt deep inside her, stretching her open, rubbing against her sensitive folds, completely filling her.
Compared to Reggie, Dave's penis barely hinted at a presence in his trousers. Unlike Dave, Reggie was big, strong, and muscular and his cock was huge. Reggie wanted her every opportunity they were alone together; it seemed like he could never get enough of her. I love you and I'm your girlfriend, echoed in Christy's mind along with what he did to her and what they did together — the way he touched her, the deep penetration, the combination of pressure, discomfort and pleasure, the powerful multiple orgasms Reggie's large penis combined with his tender caresses always caused her to experience. Dave had never made her cum.
She was getting wet! What was wrong with her and how had she become seduced by this evil gangster? She became angry with herself for staring at Reggie's bulge and having perverse thoughts. He had raped her. He was a monster and she hated him.
The clang of utensils against plates filled the dining room as the three sat for dinner around a beautiful oak table purchased by Dave and Christy during better times. "So, did you have any luck looking for work today?" Dave asked her.
Dave's question made Christy remember how she had spent the day and filled her with more guilt. "A couple of prospects maybe," she nervously replied without further explanation. What would she tell him if he questioned her further?
"Well, I've got some great news, baby," Dave announced. "I'm getting a $300 bonus, plus earning more overtime. I'm going to the Amarillo warehouse for two weeks. They're short on help there."
Reggie called her 'baby' when they were alone together. She felt uncomfortable hearing Dave say it to her now. Her world was collapsing around her and she was helpless to stop it. She looked worriedly at Dave. "Amarillo is almost 500 miles from here. You mean you won't be home for two weeks? When do you have to go?"
I need to pack some things tonight because I'm leaving tomorrow. It's kind of short notice, but I jumped at the opportunity to earn some extra money."
Dave earned the little bit money they had by working hard and now he was leaving her alone with Reggie for two weeks for a measly $300 bonus. Reggie, on the other hand, had more cash than he could spend by selling drugs and ruining lives. It seemed so unfair to Christy.
Christy noticed Reggie — who sat across from her — grin as she tried to maintain composure. She knew why he was smiling. It was like a sick, inside joke she shared with Reggie that excluded her husband.
But the joke wasn't funny. Dave couldn't leave her alone with Reggie for two entire weeks. Dave had no idea what that would mean — who Reggie was and what he would make her do with him. "Oh, Dave, I don't want you to go and leave me. Can I come with you?"
"I'm afraid not. The company is making us share hotel rooms and the insurance doesn't allow non-employees to travel in the vehicles."
**********************************
Reggie asked if he could ride along with Dave and Christy as they were leaving to drop Dave off for his trip. Reggie claimed he wanted to pick up some things at the grocery store on the way back, but Christy knew better. Reggie accompanied them and Christy missed her last opportunity to be alone with her husband for the next two weeks.
After dropping Dave off at work, the drive home began in silence, a blur of vehicles and buildings passing outside the car's windows, like a rear projection scene in an old movie. Then Christy felt Reggie's hand glide up her inner thigh and begin to rub her crotch.
"Please stop touching me, Reggie."
"Don't try and pretend you don't like it. You get real wet and cum an awful lot every time we make love. Your pussy don't lie to me, baby."
What she had done with Reggie more times than she wanted to remember wasn't making love. Silent tears began flowing from Christy's eyes and trickled down her cheeks as she drove home. Reggie's hand was messaging her pussy through her yoga pants. She thought about how distant she was becoming from Dave, how they hadn't made love in weeks because of what Reggie was doing to her.
Reggie had fucked her almost every day when Dave went to work. Now Dave was leaving her alone with Reggie for two weeks. Dave wouldn't be home in the evenings, nor on the weekends to give her any reprieve from this horrible sex monster that lived with them. It seemed like Reggie never tired of sex. She dreaded how much he would force it on her with Dave away. She wished there was some way out of this mess without jeopardizing her marriage and everyone she loved.
Unlike Christy, Reggie looked forward to getting home and spending the next two weeks alone with her. Christy had begun showing signs of accepting him during intercourse, but he wanted their relationship to expand past the bedroom. Reggie preferred the challenge of white women, especially ones married to white men. After learning that Christy wasn't taking birth control, Reggie had begun fantasizing about her flat stomach swelling with a bastard black baby inside it; watching her nurse a black baby with her beautiful white tits heavy with nourishing milk and made that way by a black man— preferably himself.
Christy stopped her car in the driveway to drop Reggie off. She wanted to leave him at the house and find someplace else to stay for a little while. She didn't know exactly where to go. She didn't have enough money for a hotel, couldn't risk the questions friends or family would ask if she went to them, and if she stayed away too long, Reggie might make good on his threats. But none of that mattered. She needed to get away from him.
Reggie had anticipated her intentions. "Pull into the garage, Christy."
She became defiant. She needed time to figure things out. "No, Reggie, I'm not staying alone with you. I'll go somewhere else for a while."
Surprised by Christy's sudden courage, Reggie needed to take the fight out of her and make her obedient. "I warned you before about ever crossing me. We finally getting some decent time alone without your husband coming home to interrupt us, and you wanna go someplace else to stay? You staying right here with me and you gonna love me. You my girlfriend and you better act like it."
She would never be his girlfriend and didn't want to pretend she was anymore.
He began unbuttoning Christy's pants there in the driveway.
How could he attempt this outside where someone might see them? She tried to pull his hands away from her. "What the hell are you doing? Not out here where people can see us."
She began struggling with him.
Unfortunately for Christy, no one was there to see them or offer her help. It was the middle of a weekday, and beside the drone of a distant lawnmower, the neighborhood was sunny and still, the nearby houses empty shells, everyone either at work or out shopping.
Christy's small hands were no match for Reggie. He quickly unfastened her pants and slid his fingers inside her panties.
"No, stop it! Not now," Christy begged.
He located her clit and pinched it. "You keep forgetting that you don't have a choice. I thought you was getting smart about it, but I guess you need to be roughed up again to remind you, huh?"
Christy discovered her clitoris delivered pain as effectively as it delivered pleasure. An agonizing jolt travelled through her nerves like a paralyzing electrical shock that quickly vanquished every ounce of her bravery. "Ow! You're hurting me. I'm sorry. Yes, yes, I'm your girlfriend. I'll be good."
With his free hand, Reggie calmly pushed the button on the remote and opened the garage door. "That's a better attitude. You don't want me contacting my homeboys to have them hurt your family. Now, pull the car in, baby."
She pulled in, and the garage door closed behind them.
"Give me your keys, Christy."
Only one thought was in her brain: stop the terrible pain. She complied, and Reggie's excruciating grasp on her clit became a soothing stroke. Her hands gripped the steering wheel. She looked down in disgust, watching Reggie's fingers work inside her blue silk undies. She was getting moist for him.
The pain was gone, but Reggie had her car keys — her means of escape. She tried to think of a way to get them back, but it was becoming difficult to concentrate, a different distraction gaining her attention. Her pussy was getting wetter, more receptive to being touched.
Christy squeezed her eyes shut to stop watching her own molestation, but the sound of Reggie's fingers splashing in her silky secretions was becoming just as disturbing as what she saw with her eyes open. Why did her body keep doing this for him? "Oh, Reggie, please don't."
She felt messy down there and embarrassed by her body's reaction, which contradicted her feelings of repulsion.
"You see how much nicer it is when you obey me?"
She bit her lower lip and refused to give him the satisfaction of a response, her small, white fingers clasping his wrist in a futile attempt to pull his hand out of her panties.
"It ain't coming out until I think you ready," he said.
Reggie worked her intimate folds, enjoying the expressions of emotional disdain mixed with physical pleasure displayed on her face. Christy's face contorted from conflict and suggested to Reggie that he was successfully wearing her down. He finally withdrew his wet fingers from her pussy and licked her tasty juices from them. "Mmm, you so sweet baby. I love you."
Christy sheepishly watched Reggie lick her secretions from his fingers and relish her flavor. He had no right to touch her the way he did, to taste her and know her so intimately. At least for the moment he had stopped fondling her. The welcome break allowed her to regain control of her body and thoughts.
Her thoughts cleared, but he had left her with a tumescent clitoris. Horribly, she was becoming used to him making her clit hard like this and relieving it by making her orgasm. He made her body want to cum, and like a haunting melody she remembered the phrases he had made her say to him repeatedly while they fucked: I'm your girlfriend and I love you. Your big cock is so deep and feels so good inside me.
She regained composure and the tension in Christy's face dissipated.
"You ready to go inside the house with me and get some loving?"
She dreaded getting 'loving' from him again, even with her clit left the way it was from the perverse attention this monster gave it. She tried to think of a way out of her wretched situation. Maybe she could run to her room and call the police. But how could she avoid explaining all the embarrassing details of the past weeks? Would anyone believe Reggie had raped her so many times, yet she didn't report his crime, tell her husband or seek any kind of help until now?
Would Dave want her after learning the sordid details of what she did with Reggie? Reggie might reveal how often they had sex, all the disgusting things he made her do with him, and how he had made her cum. He would claim their sex was consensual.
Most importantly, could the police protect her family from Reggie's 'homeboys'? His thugs already had their instructions if anything happened to him. The law hadn't protected his other victims.
Reggie expected her to cooperate and pretend to be his girlfriend. He promised to be nice to her and love her if she did. But if she crossed him, if anyone found out about him, he promised to have Dave, her family and her friends horribly tortured and killed.
One thing became apparent to Christy: the longer this relationship continued, the harder it became for her to stop it. Rather than tire of her and move on to greener pastures, as she had initially anticipated, and as any normal man eager to just get his rocks off would do, Reggie seemed more obsessed with her.
She was confused. She had to act soon. Although it sickened her to answer his question affirmatively, she slowly nodded her head, exited the car, and re-buttoned her pants.
Reggie couldn't wait to sink his hard cock inside her wet cunt again as he watched her tight ass sashay in front of him toward the door. He had always fantasized about a situation like this, fucking a young, married white girl, and forcing her to orgasm— making her betray her husband with a black man. If he could put a black baby in Christy's belly it would be the ultimate payback for the privileged lives her white family had lived, and it would connect her to him and his race forever.
Christy reached the door to the house and waited for Reggie to unlock it with the keys he had taken from her. Reggie came up behind her and fiddled to open the door. Through their clothes, she felt his huge cock push against her back. She didn't want him inside her again, causing her to humiliatingly orgasm, each one a damaging betrayal of her marriage with Dave.
When Reggie opened the door, Christy bolted from him. She knew where his monstrous penis would soon be again if she didn't get away.
Christy's flight caught Reggie off-guard and it took him a moment to react. "Oh no you don't," he hissed as her garment slipped from his grasp and distance between them grew.
She reached her bedroom and slammed the door shut with him close behind.
A second more might have been enough time for Christy to set the lock and call 911. But Reggie had already turned the knob. Her feet slid along the hardwood floor unable to gain purchase as she attempted holding the door closed with all the weight of her petite body.
"Don't touch me you disgusting pig!" she screamed as Reggie entered her bedroom.
Reggie wrestled her into bed and tried to climb on top of her. "That no way to talk to your boyfriend, baby."
She knew the susceptibility of his huge, sperm-filled gonads. He had made her caress them while giving him oral sex. They fueled his abnormal sex drive. She was not going to play his sick games, act like his girlfriend, pretend to love him anymore. It was time to give his balls a different sensation to get him away from her and extinguish his fire.
Reggie's humongous scrotum should have been an easy target for Christy, but somehow, her foot missed it. Like holding a useless gun after shooting its only bullet, Christy was now helpless. He had averted her kick and punched her in the gut as he had done on previous occasions.
The blow incapacitated Christy, her hands holding her stomach as she gasped for air.
"You want it rough today, baby? I thought you was smarter than this, and that you had learned by now. You know you gonna take me one way or another."
While Christy heaved for air, Reggie savagely undressed her. He tossed her sandals from her soft, manicured feet and unbuttoned her khakis.
She unsuccessfully clutched the waistband of her pants, but Reggie roughly jerked them down as they slipped from her grasp like an important paper carried away by a strong wind.
"Oh, yeah, you gonna get lots of loving from me now." He swiftly ripped her shirt off, leaving her scantily clad in her blue silk bra and bikini panties. "You wear these sexy panties for me today, baby? You must want me to fuck you bad, huh?"
"I wore them for Dave," Christy whispered hoarsely.
Once more, Dave missed Christy in sexy lingerie. How could that white boy be so gullible? While he slaved at a menial job to earn a couple bucks, his innocent wife was home getting tapped by the nigger he foolishly let move in with them, Reggie thought.
Dave had allowed Reggie, a stranger, into their home without even a background check, and then left Christy alone with him every day. Dave deserved to lose his gorgeous wife for being stupid. That dumb white boy was clueless how his faithful wife was getting her pussy drilled by big black cock.
Reggie removed Christy's bra and kneaded her perky tits before his hand glided down the light skin of her smooth, firm tummy and slid inside her panties.
Christy bawled. "Please... no, not again. No more."
"Oh, yes, we doing it again, baby, and we gonna keep doing it until you admit you like it, until you tell me you love me and mean it. You gonna cum for your black boyfriend some more. Don't cry about it. I'm gonna love you, baby." His fingers resumed delicately stroking her clitoris, still somewhat tumescent from his previous attentions and about to be returned to a fully engorged state.
Reggie liked making her clitoris firm, making her cum and experience a perversion of love where intense pleasure coursing through her veins was caused by the man she had looked down upon, in spite of her desire to remain faithful to Dave. Reggie believed if he did this to her enough, her affection for her husband would ultimately wan and transfer to him.
Christy's vagina became wet and the embarrassing sounds of Reggie's fingers dancing in her dampness returned. He spoke soothingly to help quell her angst while fingering her rapidly firming clit.
"I told you things would be easier if you do what I say and stop resisting. I love you and I wanna be nice to you. Do my homeboys need to visit your relatives? Maybe your sweet old grandma in Springfield? If you don't cooperate it gonna happen soon. Do we have to do this the hard way?"
Christy stopped gasping for air, catching most of her breath. "I know Reggie... I'm sorry... You win... I'll be good now... I'll do what you want. I'm your girlfriend and I love you, okay? I want your big black cock inside me. Just don't hurt my family."
Reggie smiled at his victory. Christy couldn't fight it. She tried being a tiger, but he made her purr like a pussycat. "That's a better attitude, baby. I gonna make it feel real good for you. Don't resist no more. I don't wanna be mean again. I wanna love you."
He masturbated her, and she desperately wished it wouldn't feel good, but it did. "No... don't...ooh...please."
"Uh-huh, yeah, just like that. Oh, that feeling nice now, huh? Reggie know how to touch it for you."
"Ooh...no... stop it."
"Stop it? But it feel good there, don't it? We just getting started, baby. You gotta cum before we stop."
Christy tried ignoring her pussy, fought to gather her thoughts. "No, please don't make me do that for you again, Reggie. I'm married to Dave and this is wrong. You can't keep doing this to us — to me. Dave thinks you're his friend."
"I don't care about Dave, baby. I love you and I'm gonna have you. But if you really care about him, you'll quit fighting me. I don't want to keep hurting you and threatening your people."
His hand still inside her panties, Reggie observed Christy become tense, her eyes fill with a dreamy haze, and her mouth gape as his fingers finessed her engorged clit.
She was cumming for him.
He loved watching Christy helplessly lay there having an orgasm he knew she didn't want, betraying her husband again with the black man she disliked a little less each time he made her cum — the black man her naïve husband had let move in with them.
"Please... no... stop," Christy mewled. She didn't want it to feel good and futilely fought not to orgasm.
"That's it, baby, keep cumming for me. It feels good, don't it?" Reggie whispered in her ear as he continued masturbating her. Amused by her reflexes, he played with her like a toy and caused her to climax. He manipulated Christy like a puppet, Reggie the puppet master mercilessly pulling strings.
Christy knew it was wrong, but like an itchy nose unable to avoid a violent sneezing fit, she couldn't stop herself. Deep beneath tidal waves of pleasure, frustrating and conflicting thoughts swam in her mind: Oh, god, I don't want to do this for him. Please let me stop. This is wrong... Oh, ooh, but my pussy — he keeps touching me there and it feels so good, uh-huh. Oh, I'm going to cum again for him.
Reggie took his time masturbating Christy. Her beautifully manicured fingers clasped around his wrist but were unable to extract his hand from inside her panties. Her pull on his wrist lessened, her eyes glazed over, and her mouth opened as if trying to find words for something beyond expression when she came. Why let her miss out on so much pleasure when he easily made her have more of it? Dave would be gone for two weeks. This situation was perfect.
She recovered from her orgasm and looked at Reggie with her beautiful blue eyes. "Okay, you made me cum, now please stop. This is wrong." She yanked on his wrist. There had to be some spark of compassion somewhere inside him, she thought.
He wouldn't stop and Christy felt another embarrassing orgasm nearing. "Oh, no, please, Reggie... don't, no more."
Reggie watched her eyes become dreamy again and her tension grow. Paralyzed by another pleasure wave, she released his wrist and allowed his fingers to work unhindered.
She couldn't stop herself. Her hips rose to meet his strokes.
"That's it, baby. Let it happen. Let me treat you right." He took the opportunity to pull down her briefs.
Christy was on the verge of an atomic release when Reggie removed his hand from her pussy and quickly undressed. His fantastically large cock sprang out from his boxers like an exaggerated appendage on an anime character.
He pulled her to the edge of the bed, grabbed her knees and spread her legs to better access the delicate flower between them. Gently, his black fingers separated her soft, pink pedals made wet, engorged, and highly sensitized by his previous stroking.
He had made her body so responsive that she hardly protested his invasive actions, what he had said to her moments ago echoing in her brain: he loves me and wants to treat me right. She was so close to cumming, and like catchy advertising slogans, she couldn't stop the phrases he had made her say to him the previous times they fucked from replaying in her head: I'm his girlfriend and I love him. His big black cock feels so good in my pussy.
Before Christy regained her senses to resist, Reggie positioned himself at her saturated entrance, massaging her sensitive clitoris with the head of his penis, their two energized parts making sparks of pleasure upon contact with each other.
Christy was filled with contradictions. Highly aroused, her primitive brain demanded sex, but the evolved portions felt guilt, feared pregnancy, wanted anything that lessened intimacy with him. Even a thin latex barrier would prevent the continued contact of their genitals and would be better than nothing. "I'm your girlfriend and I love you, Reggie. But can you wear a condom for me this time? I know it feels better without them, but I don't want to get pregnant. I haven't had sex with Dave in weeks, and it won't take him nine months to know I cheated. He'll know about us if I have your baby, Reggie. But we can use his rubbers."
Was he finally starting to win her over? Christy didn't need to be coached this time into saying she was his girlfriend and loved him. She admitted a preference for not using barrier protection, and only wanted it so her husband wouldn't find out Reggie was fucking her. Reggie knew how to get into a girl's head. Christy needed to be rewarded, and her good behavior reinforced.
Reggie never used condoms. But he knew there was no way Dave's rubbers could fit him anyway. He replied tenderly to Christy. "I love you too, baby. I'll always take care of you. Since you asking nicely and doing what I want, I'll wear a rubber for you this time, but you put it on me, okay?"
"Okay, Reggie. I'll put it on you," she gratefully replied. She fumbled to open the packet. She had watched Dave put on condoms, but she had never put one on a man's penis herself before.
Reggie moved up and straddled her chest, his thick, brown penis almost reaching Christy's nose. She nervously tried to get the elastic membrane to cover his cock. But the rubbers, which easily fit her husband, did not come close to Reggie's size.
She held his cock with both hands while trying to put the rubber on him. She appreciated his size and thickness, how firm and warm he felt. He was so massive and hard, yet his skin soft and smooth. Large veins ran along his dark shaft.
"I'm sorry, baby, I didn't think they would fit me. I ain't found rubbers my size yet."
It had to fit, she thought. But like a ring that's too small for someone else's finger, she couldn't get Dave's condom to unroll past the tip of Reggie's penis.
Reggie watched sparkles fly from the tiny diamond in Christy's engagement ring as her dainty white fingers frantically gripped his humongous brown dick. "I can't wait much longer, baby. My balls ache".
"Please, Reggie — I almost have it."
"Owe, baby. That's going to be way too tight and it's going to hurt me if you do get it on me."
His shaft was too thick. Christy reluctantly let go of his penis as he removed it from her grasp.
He returned to her pussy. "We tried, baby, but I told you it wouldn't fit. Now my balls hurt and I can't wait no longer. I gotta take care of this hard-on. I promise I'll pull out. Just don't fight it. Let me love you. Act like you love me back. If you're nice to me I'll take it out before I cum."
Reggie parted her labia and placed the head of his dick at her opening.
Christy dropped the unused rubber, she had tried unsuccessfully to put on him, somewhere on the floor as Reggie eased into her.
"Ow... please, oh... no... you're going in too quickly this time, Reggie. Oh."
He carefully pushed his length into her. "Hush, it gonna be okay. Nice and easy. I gotta put it all inside you now, baby. You made me wait too long trying to put that stupid rubber on me. I can't hold back. You feel too good."
Christy's faces of discomfort entertained Reggie. He watched her twist the sheets in her fists as he went deeper.
"Ow, it hurts, it hurts, Reggie. Please, slower...oh — no more."
"I'm trying to go slow, baby. You showing me how much you love me by taking me. Oh, yeah, that's it. You feel so good, baby, and you really my girlfriend. I'm all inside you. What you gonna say back to your boyfriend now, baby?"
"Ow, oh, okay, I love you. Oh, I'm your girlfriend, but it hurts."
"It only gonna hurt for a little while. You gonna start liking it soon, baby."
He was right. Her vaginal muscles had quickly begun adjusting to his size, her pain abating. She wanted Reggie to cum quickly and finish with her. But she was familiar with Reggie's talent, which Dave lacked, of controlling his orgasms, of humiliating her by always making her cum multiple times.
Reggie could go almost an entire hour without cumming. Eventually, his cock would erupt like a violent gusher. After a short recovery, he would be ready again. If only Dave had listened to her and hadn't let this sex monster move into their home, Christy thought.
Christy tried ignoring the sensations from Reggie's cock, questioning to herself why Dave went to Amarillo and left her alone with Reggie. How could Dave be so trusting and allow this strange black man into their home in the first place? It was Dave's fault this was happening, and she was having intercourse with Reggie.
Reggie astutely read Christy's emotions. Apparently, she was becoming more comfortable with their relationship, and to having unprotected sex with him, the more he forced her to do it. Small, gradual steps, but progress, and with a little more time, she would be entirely his.
"Put your arms around me and start hugging me, baby. You know what to do. I don't want to send my homeboys to Amarillo to see Dave because his wife's being a cold bitch with her boyfriend. I'll pull out this time if you nice."
"You promise you'll pull out for me?"
"Uh-huh, baby. You know I love you."
It pained her to do this to Dave — to betray him, but she was also doing it for Dave, her entire family, and all her friends, she reasoned — to protect them. Christy's arm glided around Reggie's broad shoulder, while her other hand slid down his strong back and grasped his muscular buttock. "Oh, oh, Reggie — this isn't right. Ah... ah... ooh. Stop making me do this with you. Oh... oh... no... don't make me do this to Dave. This is wrong."
"Don't worry. We not doing nothing wrong to Dave. If he don't ever know about us, it'll be like nothing ever happened. Oh, yeah, baby... you feel so good. You protecting Dave and your family. It's okay for you to love me and your husband. I got lots of money to buy you whatever you want. Just keep quiet about me and I'll take care of you and make you happy. Say you my girlfriend, that you love me and that I feel good inside you."
"Oh, ooh, okay Reggie. Ah, ooh, I promise I won't say anything. Ooh, ooh, just don't hurt them, ooh. Oh, I'm your girlfriend. Ah, I love you. Ah, oh, oh, uh-huh, it feels so good. Oh, your cock is so big. You're so deep inside me. Oh god."
She began sounding convincing to Reggie. But was she just appeasing him?
"Oh, that feels good. Oh, uh-huh, oh Reggie, I can't... I can't keep doing this with you." Christy murmured.
Reggie smiled as Christy's body tensed and her pussy pulsated. Her hand squeezed his ass cheek and she pulled him to her. Her hug strengthened, and her moans reached a higher pitch. "Ah, aah, aah, aah, oh, uh-huh, aah, I love you, Reggie..."
Pussy always told the truth and her body was confirming what her lips had professed. "Does my big black cock feel good in your pussy? You starting to like it, baby? That's-a-girl. Don't fight it no more. Cum for me."
Christy gave in to her body. Her anger and shame were washed away by tidal waves of ecstasy.
"I'm gonna cum soon too, baby."
His announcement abruptly interrupted Christy's sexual musings. She stared into Reggie's eyes. "Please pull out; don't cum in me again this time. I did what you wanted, and you promised."
He surprised her. Christy felt Reggie's thick long cock pulling out of her. She raised herself up on her elbows and watched his penis fire white, gooey jism all over her body in rapid succession, like a fully automatic machine gun, raining warm semen on her face, tits and in her belly button.
Reggie wiped his cock along Christy's engorged clitoris, causing her to make involuntary coital movements.
His penis was dangerously close to entering her again, with cum still shooting from its tip. Christy's body wanted him back inside her. "No, don't put it there," she whimpered to him, her hips rising to accept his return.
He ignored her, teased her, and ran the head of his cock along her pink folds, leaving a trail of semen all around the entrance of Christy's pussy. Aware of how aroused and responsive she remained he resisted the urge to put himself back inside her.
He rubbed his cum into her smooth white skin. He scooped the puddle of his spooge out of her belly button and spread it all along her tummy. He proceeded up to her tits and used the slippery spunk on her erect nipples. He collected the last of it that had landed on her face and rubbed some of it on her lips. "Show me that you love me and swallow me."
Christy opened her mouth for Reggie, as if under some sort of spell, and allowed his thumb to place a glob of his semen on her tongue. The physical contact they kept having was beginning to undermine her dislike of him.
Dave was gone, and Christy felt like he had abandoned her. She had wanted to avoid this situation, but for the next two weeks Reggie was going to be here alone with her and there was little she could do about it. Perhaps she needed to just accept what that meant. If she complied with his wishes Reggie would be kind to her. He withdrew this time before he came. He had bought her expensive undergarments and said he would buy anything else she wanted. He kept telling her that he loved her.
She was unable to conceal how aroused he made her when they had sex, and there was no use trying to deny it anymore either. He had put himself inside her and they had experienced each other's passion.
*********************************
In the evening they entered the shower together, Christy glancing at Reggie's enormous penis, which remained flaccid. Their break from sex allowed her thoughts to clear.
She recalled how they started fornicating today, Reggie fondling her in the car after she dropped Dave off. Yes, he had hit her, but there was something alluring about a man wanting her so badly that he couldn't control himself. And the sex that followed seemed like a long, wet dream.
In the shower, Reggie observed streams of water flowing down Christy's fair skin. He took the washcloth and began bathing her. His attentions went from her perky breasts, to her soft cunt and cute ass.
When they exited the shower, Reggie toweled Christy dry. They both stood naked facing each other when her phone rang. She answered it. "Hi, Dave, how was your trip to Amarillo."
********************************
Christy still stared at Reggie when she finished the call from Dave. Reggie held out a pink thong and matching bra he found in her dresser. They were undergarments from Victoria's Secret she had bought to wear for Dave on a special occasion. "Don't know where you hiding the sexy things I got you to wear, but these look nice too. Put them on for me, baby."
Reggie stood nude watching her. She had no choice. After slipping on the sexy undergarments, she headed to her closet.
"What you going in there for?" Reggie asked.
"I need to put something else on."
"You beautiful and you wearing enough. I want to see your gorgeous body. You can sleep in those or in the nude tonight. Tomorrow morning you best be wearing that or be naked."
Exhausted from their day of sex, Christy went to bed in the undergarments Reggie had selected. The nightly visions of his tremendous cock, of her pussy drilled by it over, and over again, played in her mind like a pornographic gif file before she entered deep slumber. But the same images returned to her in a dream the next morning when Christy's journey through forgetful nothingness ended and she entered lighter sleep.
Christy awoke in Reggie's embrace, his hand on her breast. Sometime in the middle of the night, he crawled into bed with her. She could feel his enormous erection against her hip. She was uncertain if they had more sex during the night, but her panties were on and she should have woken if they had fucked.
The late-morning sunlight filtered through her closed curtains and into her bedroom. She had slept for over 12 hours. She usually never slept this long. On her dresser her wedding pictures and photographs of her family members and friends faced her, as if they had been watching all this time and had witnessed every sordid thing she had done with Reggie. Even if she wasn't married to Dave, her family would never approve of her sleeping with a black man like this. Christy carefully tried to ease away from Reggie's hold without waking him.
His right hand left her breast and slid down her smooth, firm tummy. He took in a deep breath and exhaled with his eyes still closed.
Christy dreaded where Reggie's hand seemed to be going, but it stopped at the waistband of her thong.
He resumed lightly sleeping.
She remained motionless. She wanted to sneak out of bed, find the car keys and get away. But she still didn't know where she would go.
She had allowed things with Reggie to go too far for too long. She was in bed sleeping with him, wearing a thong from Victoria's Secret. Their sex was becoming consensual. How could she have let this happen?
Christy felt trapped. She loved Dave and didn't want to hurt him, didn't want to be taken by Reggie anymore. But strangely she no longer hated Reggie. Christy knew how beautiful she was. Perhaps Reggie really couldn't control himself with her. The same haunting question persisted: what if she became pregnant? She was unsure of her cycle and didn't recall exactly when she had started her last period.
She tried to slowly roll on her side without waking Reggie. His hand held her firmly and would not let her move.
He was awake. His hand went into Christy's thong where she had feared it would go all along.
"Please... no. I can't keep doing this with you, Reggie. We're taking too many chances and I could get pregnant. Don't make me have sex again." Her fingers wrapped around his wrist and tried stopping him.
Reggie's morning erection begged him for relief. "Don't worry, baby. I'll take it out before I cum, just like I did yesterday. I love you." His fingers explored her folds and located her clitoris.
"Please, Reggie, no, not again. We can't do this without contraception."
She was already wet for him. She loved to have her clit stroked and it eroded her willpower. She would soon come around. He masturbated Christy until her cries became faint moans. He moved the thin silk strip of her thong aside, carefully stretched her glistening labia open, and placed the head of his cock to her moist pink opening.
"Please, Reggie, no more. Dave and I have been using condoms because we can't afford a baby right now, and you keep doing this without any protection."
"I can't help it, baby. My hard-ons hurt real bad in the morning, and I need you to help me relieve this one. You know I love you. That's why my dick keeps getting this way. It does this because of you. You the one that make me hard like this. I promise I'll take it out before I cum."
"Can't I just play with it and suck on it for you this time?"
She had become adept at giving him oral sex and fondling his penis the way he liked. But nothing was as good as a white girl's pussy, especially in the morning. He would let her suck on his cock later, but he wanted to fuck her now.
It was like Reggie didn't hear her. She felt him hold her vaginal lips open and insert his penis into her anyway. She was already very wet for him. "Ooh, ooh, ah, just for a little while then, okay, Reggie?"
He still didn't respond to Christy. He just went deeper inside her.
Christy wished Dave's condoms had fit Reggie. Uneasy with their genitals having direct contact, she was becoming more complaisant and accustomed to the enhanced intimacy, the sensations his larger penis gave to her without the use of barrier protection. Dave's penis was small in comparison, and he always wore condoms to avoid impregnating her.
"Oh, no, Reggie, I can't." Christy's mouth remained agape and her fingers dug into Reggie's muscular chest.
He began gyrating his hips and grinding up against her clitoris. "Tell me how it feel, baby."
"Ooh, ooh, ooh, please," she moaned as his cock filled her. She couldn't deny him a response, couldn't help herself any longer — "Oh god, it feels good like that. Oh, yes, right there. Ooh, Reggie..."
Christy lay beneath his large frame, instinctively responding to the presence of his enormous penis deep inside her pussy. She wrapped her arms around his back and locked her legs around his ass — without his threats or brute force coercing her — the same way he had once made her do to him unwillingly in the past.
Her pussy contracted rhythmically, as if trying to encourage him to ejaculate. She had become a little more comfortable and complicit with Reggie each time they fucked, and now she was practically his.
Dave allowed Reggie to move in with them and do this to her. Reggie had said he loved her, and strangely, she wanted to believe him. He had promised to pull out before he came this time. All she had to do was act like she loved him, like she wanted him, like his real girlfriend, and treat him nicely. But she would only pretend, Christy convinced herself as her excitement built. She began to orgasm again, and Reggie stuck his tongue in her mouth. He kissed her while she came for him.
After a moment of indulgence Christy turned her face away, as if awakening from a trance and realizing that what she was doing was wrong. "No, Reggie, I can't do this with you."
Reggie grabbed her chin and forced his tongue back in her mouth.
She arched her back, then her arms softly embraced him again. "Mm-mph, mmmm. Oh, I'm cumming, Reggie. I'm your girlfriend and I love you. Mmmm. You feel so good inside me."
She was not acting anymore. The kiss and the hug were real. Christy was surrendering and accepting what she had fought against for so long. She was in midst of orgasm, their genitals already shared each other, so what difference did the kiss and all the rest of it make?
"I'm gonna cum too, baby. You gonna show me that you love me by swallowing it if I pull out?"
It was better to swallow his cum than risk unwanted pregnancy, Christy rationalized. But actually, she liked giving him head even though she could never admit it to herself. Reggie's cum contained enormous amounts of testosterone and other powerful hormones pleasurable to women. "Uh-huh, I want to suck on it and taste you. Please let me suck your cock, Reggie."
He pulled out of her. Christy left the bed, got on her knees as he stood before her, and placed her lips around the head of his penis. She gripped his shaft in her soft fingers and began slowly pumping it. His cock began squirting his rich cream into her mouth and she swallowed all of it. "Mmm, oh, mmm, mmm."
With one hand holding Reggie's enormous shaft, she ran her lips up and down it the way he had taught her, while her other hand gently fondled his big, heavy testicles.
Yesterday morning, she had tried to kick his testicles in what was her final attempt to escape victimization. But she had suffered crushing defeat in that battle, and today she was a conquered woman rightfully caressing his hefty, sperm-filled gonads for him instead. Residual cum trickled down his shaft and over her hand like melted wax running down a candle. She licked it up and her lips returned to the head of his cock.
With eyes closed and mouth agape, she affectionately held his massive black penis, longer than her entire head in length, against her creamy white cheek and sighed, his cock having spent its load only beginning to lose rigidity. Christy felt like she was intoxicated. "Oh, Reggie, you came so much this time. Do you feel better now?"
"Oh, yeah, that felt good, baby. Thank you. My balls ached, and I needed to cum real bad. I love you so much."
"Oh, I love you too," Christy replied, not realizing what she was saying under his spell and in their moment of fading passion.
Alone sitting on the bed as he showered, Christy came to her senses and wondered how much longer this might continue. Would Reggie ever leave her alone? She couldn't run from him or stop him, and she couldn't tell her husband or the police anymore. She had crossed a line with Reggie. She had admitted to him that he felt good and that she loved him, and it had seemed true at the time.
Even though her dislike for him was wavering, she didn't mean any of those things she had said. It was only an act. Reggie had made her say them. She would never betray Dave like that. She hated herself for not fighting harder to stop Reggie; for repeatedly having intercourse with him. But part of her also hated Dave for letting all of this happen to her.
She saw the open rubber she had dropped yesterday still on the floor. Dave might notice it missing when he returned. She needed to replace it and find a larger size for Reggie to use with her. Unprotected sex with Reggie was like playing Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun. From the amount of semen he ejaculated, he was probably virile enough to make a woman pregnant just by liking her on Facebook.
****************
Still without her keys, Christy accompanied Reggie as he drove her car into town.
"What do you need at the store?" he asked.
Christy turned to Reggie, her beautiful blue eyes meeting his. "I need to replace Dave's condom that we tried using yesterday, so he won't find out about us."
It sounded like she was trying to protect their relationship and keep it secret from her husband and this brought a smile to Reggie's face. "I know where to go, baby."
Reggie took Christy to a pharmacy in his old neighborhood. Once near their destination, he parked Christy's car on the side of the street a couple of blocks from the store and they walked the rest of the way.
It was a pleasant day, but Christy didn't like this part of town filled with abandoned buildings that were covered in strange graffiti marking the territories of rivaling street gangs. African-Americans everywhere all seemed to stare at her. Blue eyes and blond hair were an uncommon combination in these parts, making her a rarity. A number of people recognized Reggie behind the sunglasses and baseball cap he wore, greeting him like some sort of local hero.
Once inside the pharmacy, Reggie led Christy to the contraceptives.
She located Dave's brand of condoms, and then searched for a size large enough for Reggie. Christy found herself in a dilemma. Purchasing condoms for Reggie seemed like she was consenting to sex with him. But if she didn't purchase the rubbers and things continued, which seemed almost certain, she risked pregnancy. Neither choice was desirable.
She pulled Dave's brand of condoms from the shelf and the largest size she could find for Reggie.
"The smallest and largest rubbers we sell," the elderly black pharmacist commented beneath his breath while shaking his head. Reggie Johnson always seemed to find the prettiest women to fuck and this one was the hottest thing yet. They always seemed to be classy white women too. Reggie must have liked vanilla. The pharmacist rang up Christy's purchases, purposefully taking special notice of the Magnum size XXXL condoms before bagging them. Observing the wedding band on her finger and Reggie standing right behind her wearing a smile that reached both of his ears, the pharmacist chuckled guessing who the Magnum XXXLs were for. "That'll be $32.70."
"I'll pay for them," Reggie offered.
Christy wanted to die from embarrassment. The pharmacist knew Reggie was fucking her. She saw him looking at the two different boxes of condoms and laughing at the large ones she was purchasing for Reggie.
Reggie pulled an enormous bundle of cash from his pocket, causing Christy's eyes to grow wide.
"It's good seeing you again, Joe. Keep the change," Reggie said, handing the pharmacist a one-hundred-dollar bill.
At least the pharmacist didn't know who she was, Christy thought as she left with Reggie's arm around her.
*****************************************
It seemed like the longest movie she had ever watched on TV. She sat on the couch cuddled with Reggie, very conscious of his arm around her shoulders. She wasn't his girlfriend; she was Dave's wife. But Dave wasn't here to prevent this from happening. It still felt wrong petting with Reggie and part of her had wanted to tell him to stop, but another part of her liked it.
"I'm tired. I think I'll go to go to bed," she announced, rising from the couch and escaping from his overly affectionate arm as soon as the movie ended. She couldn't even remember what the film was about. She briefly noticed the huge bulge that had formed in Reggie's pants again. She had caused him to have another hard-on, but perhaps he could relieve it himself tonight.
"Christy," he called as she had started walking away from him.
She turned and thought she saw a compassion in his eyes she had never noticed in them before.
"I know you think I'm a monster. I've done some bad things to you and I'm sorry about that, but I'm not a bad person. I couldn't help myself. I wanted you so much and I didn't know how to get you. But I'm kind to my friends and people I love. And I love you. I'll take care of you. Can we start over? I'll always be nice to you if you nice to me, okay?"
She didn't know what to say to him. It was late and she was tired. She forced a smile. Maybe she cared for him, but she wasn't sure. "Okay," she softly replied and went to her room.
Christy's thoughts briefly kept her awake as she lay in bed waiting for sleep. She didn't need the condoms she had bought yet. After their trip to the pharmacy, she and Reggie had performed oral sex on each other but did not have actual intercourse since that morning when they relieved his painful erection. They had a long conversation today and a better understanding of each other. After what he had done to her, it seemed like they could never be friends, but it was happening anyway. In fact, they were becoming more than friends. There was a lot of heavy petting on the couch during that long movie. Would Reggie find his way into her bed this evening? The erection she had left him with was likely bothering him.
After a few hours, the amnesia of deep sleep faded, and erotic images of Reggie making love to her occupied Christy's slumber. She thought she was having a recurring wet dream. But when she awoke Reggie was beside her and his hand was inside her panties working her clitoris.
While she was unconscious, Reggie had brought her close to orgasm. She was wet and aroused.
"Reggie, I can't keep doing this with you." But she raised her hips, betraying herself.
Reggie slid her silk panties down her legs and lost them in the sheets as she lay completely naked. At least she was ready for him this time, she thought. She reached for the box of Magnum XXXL condoms sitting on her nightstand and timidly handed one to him.
"What the hell is this for?"
"For me, please use it."
Reggie took the condom from her and tossed it across the room like discarded trash. "Sorry, baby, I love you too much to use that."
"What? But you said you would wear one for me yesterday, Reggie."
"Yesterday was different, a one-shot deal, and Dave's rubber didn't fit me. I told you before that you special to me and it feels better without them. I want us feel each other and I want this to be as pleasant and intimate as possible because I love you, baby."
He kept saying that he loved her, but did he mean it? Oddly enough, she found herself wanting to believe him. "I know it feels better, Reggie. But this is wrong, and we need to use protection. You know I'm married to Dave and we shouldn't be doing this."
Reggie inserted his uncovered penis into her, male and female reproductive organs representing their two races intermingling, their body fluids beginning to mix like ingredients in batter. She felt all of him keenly with no barrier between them.
Part of Christy was glad Reggie refused the condom. Sex without that boundary was better, and deep down she was growing to want that kind of intimacy with him even if another part of her knew better.
"I'm married. If we don't stop, I'll get pregnant and then Dave will know about us."
Reggie ignored her briefly and continued thrusting his massive black phallus into her slippery pink opening before reassuring her. "Don't worry about getting pregnant, baby. I told you I'll pull out, and if anything does happen, I'll always take good care of you. I love you."
"Oh," Christy exclaimed, Reggie's huge unprotected cock creating delightful sensations far too intense to refuse. She was married to Dave, but his small size could never pleasure her like this. She didn't know how or why she had acquired this desire for Reggie and his large penis.
"Oh, ah, okay Reggie, I'm your girlfriend and I love you. I want you inside me."
Moonlight poured in through the window as Reggie watched Christy writhe beneath him, finally drained of all willpower, accepting her fate as his girlfriend and surrendering to female instincts.
"Oh, oh, please. I'm your girlfriend. Oh, I love you. Ah... oh. I'm your girlfriend; I love you. You feel so good inside me."
Christy liked to cum; and nothing made women cum more than big black cock. Make a woman cum enough times on a big black cock and it became habit. He put his mouth over her lips and his long tongue found its way down her throat.
Christy made muffled cries of erotic passion into his mouth as her soft hands, that briefly pushed against his brown, muscular pecs, slid around him and embraced him, the mantra he had made her learn replaying in her mind: I am his girlfriend and I love him. He feels so good inside me. "Mmmm."
She locked her legs around Reggie's ass the way he had taught her.
How would Dave react if he saw his beautiful wife behaving this way, rutting with a big black stud? Dave could have intervened and stopped this from happening, but now his wife had been spoiled by repeated force-feedings and Christy hungered for Reggie's grade "A" negro dick.
Reggie felt Christy's silky pussy throbbing around his black baby maker. Her hips twisted and turned, rose and fell in reply to his thrusts as their bodies communicated pleasure to each other. She wasn't too good for niggers anymore, Reggie thought.
Reggie finally removed his tongue from her mouth. "I gonna cum soon, baby. You wanna suck on it again?"
Christy had lost control, couldn't stop grinding her pussy into Reggie's cock. "Oh... ah... it doesn't matter anymore," she heaved. "I love you and you can cum inside me if you want. Ooh, ah, I'm your girlfriend. Your big cock is so deep inside me," she repeated.
Reggie ejaculated copiously.
Her pussy milked his cock as if relishing every bit of sperm from him.
She no longer cared that Reggie filled her with his cum. The more they fucked, the better Reggie felt and the more agreeable she became towards him. She couldn't resist him anymore. She wanted him to stay inside her forever.
In the bright moonlight, extremely wet and messy from lovemaking, Christy observed how beautifully their two bodies contrasted: Reggie's hard muscles, her toned yet gentle curves; his dark complexion, her fair skin. They complemented each other perfectly, it seemed — like the moon in the night sky.
Dave didn't ever have to know about Reggie, and as Reggie had said, what Dave didn't know didn't happen. She was Reggie's girlfriend and he could have her when Dave was away. Exhausted from their wild sex, and now secure in Reggie's embrace, she drifted back to sleep having completed the transition from Reggie's rape victim to his consenting partner.
******************************
Outside the house the early morning had silenced the evening conversations of crickets. The moans from love-making that had occurred between Christy and Reggie much of the night had also ceased. In that quiet interval before the birds had yet to begin their songs, light slowly replaced the sleepy darkness in Christy's bedroom, causing her to wake.
Her pussy felt all crusty. How could she keep doing this with Reggie? It wasn't an act she performed for him to protect her family anymore. She had allowed herself to really become his girlfriend.
Christy turned to find Reggie lying beside her, staring at her with his eyes wide open as if he had been waiting for her to wake.
His hand glided down her tummy and between her legs. "Good morning, baby. My cock is hard again and aches bad."
His cock was hard and hurt him badly every morning and all the time it seemed. Christy couldn't believe his sex drive. How could he possibly be horny again after having sex with her practically all night, until just a few hours ago?
Her Grandpa used to call black men jungle bunnies. She always thought it a racist expression. But she never had a relationship with a black man before either. Perhaps it was an accurate description if all black men were this virile like Reggie.
Grandpa would never approve of her doing this with a black man. Her parents would have a hard time accepting it as well. They were all from a different time and from a world where a black man with a white woman was taboo. She had always been the good girl who sought their approval and did the right thing. But her relationship with Reggie had started in her effort to protect them.
"I shouldn't have sex with you again."
Reggie rolled on his back and pulled her onto him. "Get on top and put my cock in your pussy like a good girl. You gonna start making love to me now, baby."
Christy was hesitant to make love to him, but she had already crossed a boundary with Reggie and really was his girlfriend. Now she sought to be a good girl in his eyes and have his approval. She slithered on to his muscular frame.
"Now put my cock in your pussy."
She reached down and fed his shaft into her slit, slowly impaling herself on it. "Tell me when you're going to cum, okay Reggie?"
"Ah...okay, baby. I will. I love you. Your tight pussy feel real good."
Once she took him fully inside her, he firmly grabbed her hips with his large hands and guided her movements until she instinctively took over. She leaned forward against his hard body and her erect nipples poked into his chest.
"That's good," Reggie encouraged. "Oh, I love you, baby."
"Oh, I love you too, Reggie. You feel so good inside me."
Since the first time he took Christy, the same audience of photographs on her dresser had witnessed and continued to watch all the indecent acts Reggie performed with her— viewed the black man defile their white princess and gradually steal her from them. Behind these pictures stood a mirror and Reggie observed the reflection of Christy's beautiful curves and her smooth, firm, buttocks — her perfectly shaped ass humping his slick, black rod. He could see the pink membranes of her labia appearing and disappearing as she slid up and down on his shaft, coating it with her silky secretions like a hot scene in a pornographic movie.
The entire situation seemed surreal to Christy. A month ago, she had never thought about being with another person besides Dave. Her contact with people outside of her own race had been limited. Now she was fucking this incredibly muscular black man with an insanely large penis and she was falling in love with him.
"Oh my God, oh," Christy moaned as her eyes rolled in their sockets. She orgasmed so quickly with Reggie. Dave never made her cum like this.
The phone rang, jerking Christy back to reality like an alarm clock abruptly waking her from an enjoyable dream. It must be Dave calling before work, she thought. She started lifting herself off Reggie, but his hands held firmly around her hips and forced her back down.
"Don't stop until we finished, baby."
"But my phone..."
Her pelvic motions subtly resumed.
"That's it...keep loving me real nice, no interruptions. You don't want to leave me with this painful hard-on, do you? It'll hurt me even worse if you stop now."
She didn't want him to hurt more. Christy shook her head, slowly sliding her pussy up and down on Reggie's cock while he reached for her phone.
"No, don't answer it, Reggie."
He answered it anyway. She prayed it wasn't Dave calling.
"Hi Dave, how you doing, man?" Reggie asked.
Christy's heart pounded in her chest as she heard Reggie say her husband's name. Her fear quickly became anger. She was making love to Reggie and it was Dave's fault. Dave wanted her to treat Reggie better and be nice to him and now she was doing it. Dave was unwittingly chatting on the phone with the man his wife was fucking, while she was actually fucking him. Dave was clueless!
Reggie had been fucking her for weeks and Dave never suspected. Didn't he worry that Reggie might make a pass at her while he was gone? He had only asked her once about the possibility and readily accepted her lie. He never questioned the excuses she gave him for the marks Reggie left on her; didn't notice how often she changed their bed sheets, and most hurtful of all, he didn't seem to miss having sex with her very much.
Why wasn't Dave persistent when she declined his advances? Her refusals never stopped Reggie from taking her. Reggie couldn't resist her and wanted her more than Dave and now she was Reggie's girlfriend.
"Fine. You see that Lakers game? Me neither, buddy." Reggie grinned at her while listening to Dave on the phone. "I've been busy with school, man, doing a lot of studying for final exams. Yeah, I'll be happy to help her if she needs anything. She right here. Hold on."
Reggie handed Christy her phone.
Christy looked mortified. How could she speak with Dave while Reggie's cock was inside her— while she was fucking Reggie?
She had no choice but to talk to him.
"Hi Dave, how are you?" she asked.
She struggled to focus on her conversation with Dave and momentarily stopped moving her hips. Reggie grabbed her firm ass with both hands, and again forced her to resume riding on his penis. She quietly listened to her husband on her phone and absently replied to him while she slowly fucked Reggie. "Uh-huh... yea... okay...I guess."
Reggie embraced her, then parted her ass cheeks and pressed his index finger into her anus. She didn't want Dave to hear, so she silently allowed Reggie to proceed. If Dave only knew the type of studying Reggie was doing, he would have felt differently about his supposed friend.
"Relax, baby," Reggie whispered in Christy's other ear as he pushed his finger deep inside her tight, pink asshole. "You gonna like this."
"Ooh... Dave. I miss you so much," Christy exclaimed while in Reggie's embrace, her naked body against his, his cock and finger deep inside her.
Her voice sounded different to Dave, almost erotic.
"What are you doing right now?" Dave inquired.
"Um, I'm getting ready to do laundry. Reggie wants me to try some new detergent he bought."
"If you need anything while I'm gone, Reggie said he'll be glad to help you," Dave told her.
Dave had no idea how Reggie was already helping her.
Reggie's finger went all the way up Christy's anus, with the rest of his hand firmly grasping the crack between her two cheeks. She had never felt anything like having a gigantic cock in her pussy and a large finger working her asshole at the same time. The double penetration was incredible. She was a virgin to anal sex and she didn't know how erogenous that part of her body could be.
She had to get off the phone quickly, before one of them lost control and moaned, before something was accidentally said that would raise Dave's suspicions. Christy pretended to have a bad signal. "What's that honey? Hello? Dave? Can you hear me? If you can hear me, I love you and I'll call you back later..."
Christy ended Dave's call and turned off her phone, so he couldn't call back.
"You told him you loved him," Reggie said to her after she turned her phone off. "Now tell me how much you love me."
The phone slipped from her hand, landing on the floor next to the bed.
"Oh, Reggie, I'm your girlfriend and you're inside me. I'm making love to you, but I'll say it too if you also need to hear it. I love you, Reggie." She French-kissed him, her hands running up his hard body, across his burly chest and around his neck.
She had thought she loved Dave, but this powerful gangster ignited something more in Christy. He was an alpha male, and she had been left unprotected for him to take too many times. He bought her expensive gifts, wanted to love and care for her, and the intimate things he did to her body kept forcing her to experience pleasure from him. She had resisted, but his constant perverted attacks seeped into her psyche and gradually saturated it. She had learned to like sex with Reggie and she developed feelings for him, as he had predicted she would.
*************************************
Dave reclined in his comfortable living room chair, sipping another beer and watching the Cowboys play against the Dolphins with Reggie. "It's good to be back, buddy. I missed seeing the games while I was in Amarillo."
Sharing their home with Reggie turned out to be a fantastic arrangement that allowed them to keep their house. But Reggie received a far better bargain from Dave than Dave ever realized.
Dave didn't notice the changes that occurred between his wife and Reggie — how much friendlier they had become; how she sat close to Reggie on the couch when watching television; how her eyes would sometimes follow Reggie when he walked into the room.
Dave knew his wife, and she would never cheat on him.
Christy wore red bikini briefs made of silk that Reggie had bought for her to bed that evening. Dave lay beside her, gently rubbing Christy's shoulders, not realizing the sexy lingerie she wore were gifts from another man who she was fucking. It had been a long time and Dave missed having sex with his wife.
Dave put on his condom and began making love to Christy with what now reminded her of a little boy's penis. She recognized how deficient Dave was having been with a man so much larger and stronger.
Penis size had become important to her, regardless of what some experts claimed. Dave simply didn't have what she needed. Because of Reggie she had acquired a penchant for big black cock. She missed Reggie's hard muscles, the ways he held her, kissed her, touched her, the sensation of his large, unsheathed penis, his deep penetration, the unity and closeness to him from the combination of these things, and she became frustrated with Dave.
She couldn't cum, but she faked orgasm to conceal her disappointment and finally welcomed Dave's premature ejaculation. "Oh, you feel so good inside me. I love you," she cried.
While they had been making love, Dave thought there was something strange about his wife, although he wasn't sure what. She seemed distant, like her mind was elsewhere, and she felt different to him from how he remembered.
***************************************
Reggie phoned one of his lieutenants with an order. "Hi Byron, how sales going?"
It was a rhetorical question. Demand for illegal drugs was always good and sales were always up, unless there was a major bust.
Reggie added, "Hey dog, I need you to get me more of them Sleeping Beauties. I've only got a few left."
Reggie had earned his high-ranking status in the drug trade by never using the garbage he dealt. He had other plans for the pharmaceutical grade compound used medically for anesthesia and on the street, mixed with heroin and a few other naughty substances, as a date rape drug. He had gone through most of his supply.
After speaking with Byron and placing his order, Reggie grabbed two beers from the refrigerator and opened them.
Dave sat on his recliner, Christy by herself on the sofa. She briefly noticed how the brown beer bottles Reggie held matched his gorgeous mocha complexion.
Reggie smiled handing Dave the bottle of Michelob he had already opened for him in the kitchen, condensation dripping down the cold glass like beads of sweat. "Here you go, bro. Drink up."
After bumping bottles with Reggie in a toast, Dave guzzled his third brew.
A little while later, Dave dozed off, the dim glow from the television providing the only light in the room and giving each of their complexions a ghostly appearance.
Christy had fallen asleep as well, her head resting on Reggie's shoulder. Reggie's hand rubbed her inner thigh and then stealthily moved to her crotch. He unbuttoned her pants and slid his hand inside her panties.
"Oh, yes, oh, that feels good," Christy quietly murmured in her sleep. "Oh, I'm your girlfriend and I love you." She was having a familiar dream as he masturbated her. She awoke, grabbed his wrist and tried prying his hand out of her pants.
"No, Reggie. Stop. Not now and not here. Dave will wake up and see us," she whispered. If Dave woke it wouldn't be good.
"He ain't waking up tonight, so don't you worry about him, baby. I've taken care of that."
Christy wasn't sure exactly what Reggie meant, but he pulled her onto his lap as if Dave wasn't there.
Reggie's fingers moved faster inside Christy's pants and her face contorted from an orgasm. "No, please stop," she quietly mewled, Reggie defiantly pulling down her jeans and panties right in front of her husband.
Wet sounds filled the room. They faced Dave with her legs spread open as she straddled Reggie's lap.
Reggie flashed Dave the pink insides of his wife's glistening pussy, gingerly separating her labia with his black fingers. Dave, however, peacefully slept, ignorant of all that was occurring in front of him.
How could he just sleep there like that while Reggie molested her right in front of him? How could he let this keep happening to her without ever coming to her rescue? She twisted with discomfort, Reggie's arm around her thin waist holding her in his lap. Her fidgeting subsided as orgasm approached. Reggie removed Christy's shirt and bra, his hand sliding to her cute breasts, tweaking her nipples, and his other hand working her quivering pussy.
Christy quietly struggled to stop Reggie, fearful of Dave waking and seeing them, and angry that he kept sleeping and didn't help her.
Reggie pulled down his gym shorts and placed his enormous, brown cock inside Christy's tight, pink cunt. Her tiny body writhed on his huge pole, his fingers messaging her engorged clit. His black rod travelled in and out of her tight pink folds. The way his entire cock fit inside her seemed to defy the laws of physics. Dave continued peacefully sleeping while his gorgeous wife was fucked by Reggie right in front of him.
She silently squirmed in Reggie's lap, trying to stop before Dave woke; but Dave never opened his eyes.
Reggie took his time. He grabbed Christy's chin, turned her face and they French-kissed.
"Mmmm, mmmm," Christy moaned while his tongue explored her mouth. Her hips began moving with more determination, euphoria bonding them together along with his deep penetration Dave was incapable of delivering. She didn't care anymore if Dave saw them. Dave, it seemed, had been asleep since Reggie moved in with them — all those times he went to work and left her for Reggie to take.
Reggie came and his semen filled her completely, flowing down his shaft, while her throbbing cunt milked every squirt from him. It was the wee hour of the morning when Christy left his lap. She spoke softly into his ear, "Come to bed with me, okay?"
Reggie gladly followed and the two went to bed, leaving Dave alone in the living room to sleep off what Reggie had secretly put in his beer.
*************
Spring and Summer had passed, the days grew shorter, and the trees began losing their leaves. The cold night wind carried on lonely conversations with the eaves of the house while Dave slept soundly.
Christy stared into Reggie's dark brown eyes as he prepared to enter her. "Promise me you won't hurt him when he finds out."
"I promise I'll always take care of you and I won't hurt him."
"Are you sure he won't wake up tonight?"
Reggie sunk his cock into her warm welcoming pussy. "We won't have to worry about him this evening, baby."
They seldom worried about Dave waking anymore, and he was never going to find out as Christy feared. Reggie secretly had plans for him. An apparent robbery that would turn deadly awaited Dave the next time he worked late night at the warehouse. The only thing that would be left of Dave would be the wedding picture of him on her dresser, watching every night as Reggie fucked the young widow Dave was going to leave behind. Reggie would have Christy entirely to himself, console her without her ever realizing his involvement in Dave's death.
Like Christy, Reggie had also crossed the tenuous line that sometimes separates love from hate. He could never fully loose his resentment for white folks, but Christy was no longer his vessel for punishing them. She became more than just an object of beauty used for his physical gratification. He cared for her and could never let her go.
The sound of lovemaking — the rhythmic squeak of bedsprings, the grunts and groans of two souls lost in passion — grew louder. They left the bedroom door ajar as if no one else was in the house, their two shadowy figures moving in unison as moonlight flooded in through the window.
Reggie's time to be with her had arrived. His shrewd decision to quickly seize opportunity and take advantage of a young, desperate couple lacking sense paid off.
"Oh, ooh, yes. Ooh, uh-huh, I'm your girlfriend and I love you, Reggie. You feel so good inside me."
"Oh, yeah, I love you too, baby, more than anything else. You gonna always be mine. I'm never gonna let you go."
Christy's beautiful blue eyes stared into Reggie's dark brown ones as they made love. She had missed her period last month, and that altered her relationship with him entirely. In eight more months, Dave, her relatives, and her friends would all finally know the truth. Her parents and grandmother would be upset that she cheated on her husband and had sex with a black man, but they would live with it. After all, the baby was going to by their grandchild. Dave would be angry, but he would either accept it or end their marriage. Regardless, she would never take an innocent, unborn baby's life, so Reggie was soon to be a permanent part of her family.
Perhaps it was a defensive mechanism that distorted her recollection of how her relationship with Reggie had started— the violence and coercion he had once used on her. As she viewed their history together from greater distances in time, she forgot his early cruelty and overlooked his criminal past. He wanted her more than Dave did. He physically satisfied her more than Dave could, bought her nicer things, and treated her kindly once she had fully accepted him into her life.
The past didn't matter anymore anyway. Part of Reggie was growing inside her. He was the father of the baby in her womb, and her long affair with him would finally become obvious to Dave and everyone else when she gave birth. Everyone would soon know the truth about her relationship with this black man. She loved Reggie and he promised to take care of her and the baby. That was all that mattered.
"Oh, yes, your big black cock feels so good in me. Oh, I'm cumming for you, Reggie. Cum inside me now. I love you, I'll always be your girlfriend, and I'm going to have your beautiful baby."
The End
