This is the biggest and longest story I have ever written. It reaches seven chapters in all. It is a work of fantasy and should be read as such. I don't write for the virtues of believability but for reading pleasure only!!! I welcome feedback but warn you before you start that you should suspend reality and just enjoy the ride!!!
Chapter One
'The Discovery'
I am 39 years old and live with my son Jake, who is 18, my husband and I divorced five years ago and I now live a comfortable life with my son.
The story I am going to relate to you has changed my life forever and made me happier and more satisfied than I have ever been before.
I had been married for 21 years, when my husband cheated on me and left with a younger woman. He was always a good provider and had a good job but I can honestly say he never fully satisfied me sexually. You see since I first discovered sex I have had a love of men with really big cocks. The first man I had sex with had a nice, long, hard 9" dick and after him, everyone else seemed small. My husband was an average 6" and too be quite honest never did very much for me.
I never cheated on my husband during our marriage but I often wished that I could find a man just to have sex with who could satisfy my craving for a big cock. I would often lie in bed at night, while my husband snored next to me, wishing I had a man laying there with a giant cock that I could just pounce on and fuck my hungry pussy with.
I have always had a high sex drive and could quite easily be fucked three or four times a day, but my husband could never manage that. When we first got together, we would have sex maybe once a day, but as the years went by that went down to twice a week and by the end, hardly ever. This meant that I was nearly always horny and had to frequently play with myself to get off, always thinking about some large, hard cock.
Now my son Jake is a very good looking boy. He works out and plays much sport, which has left him with a well muscled and toned body. He has a tight young ass and a rippling six pack. He always attracted the best looking girls around and I must confess that watching him grow up into this strapping 18 year old, I had sometimes looked at him and felt a tingling feeling in my pussy. I quickly suppressed this however; after all he was my son.
After my husband left, I guess I did start to notice Jake even more. He would often walk around the house in just a pair of shorts, his hard young body on view to me. Being the only man really in my life, I think that I was unnaturally drawn to my hunky son because of his boyish good looks and that amazing body, but mainly I guess at first, because I was very horny.
My name is Julia and this is my story.........
*
It all began early one Saturday morning in the early summer. I had just spent another lonely night sleeping by myself, feeling horny and frustrated. Since my husband left I had not had sex at all, I fingered myself almost nightly, rubbing and stroking my pussy, making myself wet and ending up even more hungry for a big hard cock.
That morning I got up and threw on my big white towelling robe. Heading downstairs, I made breakfast and switched on the television. After a while I went back upstairs to get dressed. It was just after 9am and I knew my son Jake always liked to be up early on Saturday's so he could get to the gym early.
My son Jake, loved to work out. He spent many hours at the gym, toning and sculpting his body. He was a very fine and good looking young stud, a real favourite with the local girls. He played lots of sports and stayed in fine shape. I could not help but notice Jake had grown into a real man.
Since my divorce, Jake had taken over as the man of the house. He did all the odd jobs around the home and took over many of the duties that my husband once did, like mowing the lawn and painting the house. It was during this that I had first felt some kind of sexual feeling towards my son.
Some weeks ago, Jake had been outside cleaning the windows of the house. I went out and offered him something to drink. He was at the top of the ladder, cleaning the windows to my bedroom. He was wearing just a pair of shorts that clung to his tight ass. He had no top on and his muscles bulged. As I watched him stretch to reach the top of the window, I found myself admiring his chiselled frame, his hard abs and his well defined leg muscles.
I felt a sudden sexual urge and a fluttering in my chest, was I just proud of my fine specimen son or was I getting horny for him?
Over the next few days, I found myself thinking more and more about my son. We had always been close and even more so since my husband left. Jake had always been affectionate with me, giving me hugs and kisses. Now we lived alone, he seemed to take more time over me, making sure I was ok and telling me that I deserved better than his dad anyway.
A couple of days after seeing him up the ladder, I was lying in bed late at night in my usual horny state. I had the covers kicked back and my short little nightdress hiked up over my stomach. I slid my hands between my legs and began to play with my pussy. Quite unintentionally, an image of my son entered my mind, an image of him with his shirt off and those tight, hard muscles flexing.
I unconsciously began to rub my clit harder and my pussy grew much wetter. I knew it was wrong to think about my son in this way, but I could not help it, I could not get the sight of him out of my mind.
I had not seen my son's cock since he was little but I suddenly imagined him with a nice large cock and that sent me over the edge.
I began to furiously finger my now dripping wet gash. I allowed a few low deep groans to expel from my mouth. I writhed and squirmed around on the bed, gripping my legs together as I buried my fingers deep in my pussy. With my free hand I took a firm grip on my large breast and pinched hard on my nipples.
I felt my pussy convulse and tighten, a huge wave of sexual ecstasy washed over me and I flung my head back, arched my back off of the bed and rode out the biggest orgasm I had ever given to myself.
"FUCCCKKKKKK" I moaned out as my pussy juices dripped from my hot, wet cunt.
It took me several minutes to regain my composure as I came down from my orgasm. The thoughts of my son's body still raced through my mind as my breathing began to slow and my heart rate returned to normal.
As I lay awake, trying to fall asleep that night, I considered what I had just done. What kind of perverted mother was I, Bringing myself to orgasm thinking about my own son?
For the first time, I began to think of my son as a sexual being. I knew he had sex with his girlfriends but I never considered what it might be like if I was to have sex with him. Again I allowed my hands to wander over my large 36dd boobs and slowly down to my wet pussy lips.
**********
Ever since that night, I had been trying to put thoughts of my son out of my mind but I was finding it more and more difficult. These images just kept entering my head, thoughts of him naked, his hard young frame, lying on top of me, giving his own mother a good hard fuck!
That Saturday morning, as I walked back up the stairs, I wasn't thinking about my son in a sexual way, only that he was late getting up and would probably want me to wake him, so he could get to the gym.
I got to the top of the stairs and walked over to his door, which was shut. I gently tapped on it and said "Jake are you awake". No Reply.
Again I tapped on the door and waited for an answer, again nothing.
I pushed down the handle and slowly opened the door inwards. The sun shone brightly through the window and onto my face. I had to close my eyes half shut to shield the sunlight. I looked across the room to where my son's bed was. The sun was making it hard to see clearly. I brought my hand across my forehead to block the light from my eyes.
As my eyes focused more clearly, I could see Jake laid out on his bed. His face looked so peaceful and his eyes were shut tight. He was laid flat on his back with his arm across his chest and his other one down by his side.
Then I saw it.
My eyes were immediately drawn down his body to his crotch. The bed covers had been completely kicked back and Jake was totally naked.
My eyes widened and my mouth dropped. I took an involuntary sharp intake of breath and my whole body jerked backwards.
I was staring straight at the biggest, largest, hardest cock I had ever seen. I stood transfixed as my eyes glued onto my son's gigantic length.
His cock was laying heavily on his stomach, slightly arched upwards, his large bulbous cock head pointing straight towards his face.
It was raging hard and even from the distance away that I was, about 10 feet, I could clearly see the thick veins that ran the whole length of this monster shaft.
"Holy Fuck" I muttered as I stood completely transfixed on my son's hard cock. I had never seen a prick this big, It was easily twice the size of my ex-husbands and looked to be much, much thicker.
I finally managed to tear my eyes away and look at my son's face. He had not stirred and still slept soundly, despite my audible gasp of shock.
Returning my eyes to his dick, I stepped forward and further into the room, the sunlight moved from my eyes and as I got closer to his bed, the full magnificent sight of this hard, young cock was oh so clear.
I now stood just a few feet from the bed, looking down onto my son and the epic sight of his huge morning wood. His whole body looked sculptured like some ancient Greek god, a modern day Adonis. The sunlight lit his whole figure and caused a dark shadow across his stomach, caused of course by his glorious hard-on.
I fixed my gaze intently on his cock, my eyes still wide and my mouth practically drooling. Every inch of his giant pole looked shiny and perfect. Every vein looked ready to burst out from under the tight firm skin. His large fat cock-head stood proudly just a few inches from his stomach, as he breathed it raised and fell ever so slightly. It was the most amazing sight I had ever witnessed.
I stood with my hand drawn across my mouth trying to prevent any sounds of shock or excitement from escaping. My breathing had grown heavy and my heart pounded against my chest. My boobs heaved under my robe and I felt an intense but immense feeling deep inside me. My pussy suddenly felt hot and wet, almost willing me to put my fingers down there.
I continued to move my eyes along my son's naked frame, admiring the six pack of his stomach, his hard chest muscles and his handsome young sleeping face, but all the time being drawn back to his massive hard-on.
Images flashed across my mind, how amazing it must feel to have that huge thing going inside a pussy. I felt intense jealousy towards all the girls that knew Jake, especially the ones I knew he had sex with. My god I bet that giant thing could just rip a pussy apart.
I noticed his big balls too, hanging below his legs and resting gently on the bed. They looked like two golf balls; perfectly rounded and formed, full of potent young spunk.
I felt my pussy get wetter as his massive stick twitched, my breathing grew heavier and I had to press my hand to my mouth even tighter to try to hold it in.
No mother should look at her son the way I did that morning, but the sight of that cock protruding from my boy was too much too walk away from. No mother should stand watching her son sleep naked while the biggest, fattest cock she has ever seen rests before her eyes, but that morning I was glued to the spot.
I must have stood looking at him for over ten minutes but it seemed longer. I just could not pull myself away from this god before me. The sun beat down on his whole body through the window, creating a perfect glean on his frame.
My whole body shook with intense excitement and at the same time intense nervousness. What would I say if he woke up and caught me staring at his huge cock, His own mother admiring that giant love pole?
Finally I began to step back, ever so quietly towards the door. My eyes remained transfixed on his body but especially on that prick.
I managed to get back through the door and gently pull it back shut; as I did I finally removed my hand from my mouth and leaped away from the door.
I ran the short distance down the hall and into my own bedroom, closing the door behind me. I darted across the room and tugged at the cord around my dressing gown. I threw them open and tossed the robe over my shoulders. My huge tits leaped forwards as I threw myself down onto my bed and onto my back.
Now naked, I spread my legs wide and slapped my hand between my legs, clawing my fingers along my pussy lips. My heavy breathing caused my tits to fall and rise across my chest and my whole body shook with excitement. I had never been this turned on in the whole of my life.
"OH FUCK!" I groaned out loud as I shoved three fingers deep into my wet cunt, grabbing my boobs with my other hand.
I pumped my hand against my wet cunt and dug my fingers in deep. I could feel my pussy muscles tighten and clench around my fingers, my whole insides felt on fire.
The sight of that huge cock just burned into my thoughts as I picked up the pace of my deep finger fucking. I could hear the wet squelching sounds get louder as I forced a fourth finger up myself.
"Oh my god that cock is soooo fucking big," I moaned as I imaged it sliding up my wet pussy.
The thought of fucking my son now consumed my mind as I felt myself ready to explode at any moment. My heartbeat raced and my breathing grew very loud as I kept slamming my fist towards my insides, slapping my knuckles against my clit each time I drove my fingers in.
Bringing my other hand down I threw my legs high and wide and gave my clit button a hard slap with the tips of my fingers, then began to furiously strum my clit with all my strength.
"OH FUCK YESSSSSSS," I now screamed.
My moans of intense pleasure grew louder and I didn't care who heard me. I could feel my pussy oozing all over my invading fingers and coating them in my thick hot juices.
I arched my back and lifted my ample ass from the bed as my pussy clenched and fluxed, then erupted in a huge messy orgasm. My whole body shook violently from head to toe. I clenched my teeth tightly, held my eyes closed as my legs involuntarily slapped together and I gripped my thighs around my fist and forearm.
I rode the orgasmic wave of intense lust that overtook my whole body and soul. I was in sexual heaven.
*
When I had finally composed myself, I just lay still on my bed, my eyes still rolling in my head. All I could think about was my son, that hard young body laying there, so vulnerable and taboo, but yet so free and tempting. The images of that massive young cock just filled my mind; I had never suspected that my son was so fantastically well hung.
His father had been so average and ordinary that I could not even imagine where he had got such a magnificent gene from. I mean it was easily double the size of my husbands and so much thicker. It was perfect in every way.
As I lay there contemplating what it must feel like to take inside, there was a loud knock at my bedroom door. Jake called out, "Mom I am off to the gym, see you later on."
"OK" I called out as I threw my bed covers over my naked body, fearing he may open the door.
I listened as he ran down the stairs and a few seconds later I heard the door close.
I threw the covers off of me again and got up from the bed. I noticed a large wet patch on the mattress where I had been laying. I could smell the unmistakable odour of sex in the room.
Getting dressed I headed downstairs and cleaned up the kitchen, but the sight of my son, I just could not get from my mind.
That mighty large cock filled my every thought and my pussy was now constantly wet.
Later that day I needed to go shopping.
As I walked along the street, my mind was constantly wandering away from my surroundings. I blocked out all of the noise around me and although my eyes were open; my mind was just filled with thoughts and images of my son.
"Hey watch where you're going," a man shouted at me as I collided into him.
"I'm very sorry," I said as he looked at me with distain.
This was crazy; I had to get my mind straight. Seeing my son naked and that amazing finger fuck I had given myself had put me into some sort of shock. But I took a deep breath and carried on along the street.
About half an hour later, having done most of my shopping, I noticed I was just walking past an adult shop. I had walked past many times but had never gone inside. I had often wanted to but what was the point? It sold stuff like naughty underwear and outfits, sex toys and.......
"Sex toys...I wonder," I muttered to myself.
My ex-husband had never been interested in seeing me dress sexy for him so I never bothered, but I could use a sex toy now he's gone.
I walked swiftly into the store, hoping not to be seen by anyone who knew me.
Inside, I was shocked by the stuff they had. Walking around seeing crotch less panties and hot little see-through baby doll nighties, really naughty outfits of school girls and nurses, whips, handcuffs and full body leather kits. Shit this was making me hot.
Then as I walked past a display of wedding night underwear I saw the whole wall beyond covered in dildo's and vibrators.
Walking over to them, I felt my pussy getting hot just seeing the size and shape of some of these things. There were big black ones and pink ones. Some long, some short, some thick, some thin. The vibrators had little bits sticking out of them and one that really got me horny had two ends on it, one for the pussy and one for the ass.
Then near the top of the shelves I noticed one that took my breath away.
It was in a box with a plastic window on the front. The box read, 'Big Bully'.
"Fuck that looks like Jake's," I said. Turning round I made sure nobody had heard me, before moving my gaze back to the box.
I reached up and took it from the rack. As I brought it closer to me, the images of my son's cock again filled my mind. This huge big bully dildo looked just like what I had seen laying on my son's bed this morning.
It was just as long and thick and could almost have been moulded from Jake's own cock.
I felt my pussy getting wet and I had to squeeze my legs together to contain my sexual urges. I imagined lying on my bed shoving this huge toy inside my hot cunt, banging away at my pussy while I thought of my son. If I could not have his real 'big bully' cock, then at least I could have something that looked very much like it.
I felt very naughty and embarrassed as I paid for the huge toy. The lady behind the counter seemed to give a little smile when she saw me walk up with it.
As I walked home, I thought back to the days of my dull marriage. I have always been a good looking woman. My tits have always been these epic 36dd, they stick out from whatever top I wear and my nipples always seem to be hard. I always kept in shape and always turned heads. My husband used to appreciate all this when we were first together and loved nothing more than to suck on my mounds while we fucked. But as the years went by he grew less interested to the point where he ran off with that younger woman.
I have always considered myself to be pretty good in the bedroom. I do get pretty wild and love to talk dirty but my husband never really liked it. I longed to be with someone that I could truly open myself up to and get really wild with.
I thought about that huge monster toy in my bag and how hard I was going to fuck myself with it, especially after seeing how much it resembled my son's giant dick. Again I got horny thinking about that super looking young cock and Jake's fine body. I started to walk quicker, I needed to fuck myself.
*
When I arrived back home, I swiftly placed down my shopping and removed the 'big bully' box from my bag. Looking down at the mighty tool in its plastic confines I said.
"TIME TO FUCK MOMMY'S CUNT."
With that I leaped out of the kitchen and towards the stairs, I was wet already and could think of nothing else but shoving this huge, Jake cock lookalike, up my hot hungry pussy.
I got into my bedroom and ripped open the box. Pulling the plastic out, I was then able to free the huge rubber cock.
Taking it in my hands I could hardly contain my excitement. It looked so real and so much like the one I had seen that morning. The veins bulged from the sides, just like Jake's did. The big head looked ready to pop off the end and the thick shaft was almost identical in size to Jake's massive dick.
Closing my fingers around the shaft I thought of my son. How much I would love to have closed my fist around that huge morning wood of his.
I was getting very hot and horny, running my hand along this big toy. I scrapped my fingernails along the mighty girth and jacked it off, the same as I would a real cock.
I could feel my pussy tightening and contracting, a deep sensation in my cunt. I placed the dildo down on the bed and began to remove my clothes. I lifted my thin t-shirt over my head and threw it to the floor. Reaching round I unclasped my lacy black bra and slid the straps down my shoulders. My huge round tits fell heavy on my chest before bouncing back up, my nipples hard and erect.
I undid the buttons on my tight jeans and eased them down over my hips. My thong covered ass shook as I lowered them down to the floor.
I took the waist band of my panties between my finger tips and yanked them down over my big bubble butt.
Now naked, I threw myself on the bed and grabbed hold of the mighty dildo. Feeling extremely horny I took the cock between my hands and again began to slide my fist over its full foot long length.
It felt amazing to have something this big in my hand, my mind fixated on my son and the magnificent site I had seen this morning. God the things I would do to that cock of his.
Running my eyes as well as my hand all over the fat shaft I began to talk to my new friend.
"So big boy, what are you gonna do to my hot wet pussy. Are you gonna spread my cunt open and go right up inside me?"
I was turning myself on so much, playing with this huge toy.
I thought again of Jake and wished that this cock was his.
"Oh god baby, your cock is so fucking big.....mommy wants it."
Hearing myself say that made my pussy burn with heat and I could stand it no longer. I threw myself onto my back and spread my legs high in the air. Bringing the dildo down between my legs I gently slapped the big head against my wet lips.
"OHHHH Yeah baby," I said as I held the cock in one hand and divided my cunt with the other.
My tits heaved on my chest as my breathing grew heavy and my heart raced. I had never taken anything this big inside me before but thinking of my son I was desperate to try it now.
"TIME TO FUCK YOUR DIRTY MOM," I cried as I directed the giant wand towards my wet wide open pussy.
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH" I screamed out as the big thick head entered me. I felt my cunt muscles clench around the vast invading shaft as I plunged it deeper in.
I grabbed hold of the rubber dick and squeezed it tight pushing more and more of it inside me.
"OOOHHH FUCK YES," I growled as I tried to throw my legs even wider apart. The huge thick girth drilled in me ever deeper and my cunt oozed with hot wet juices.
My insides gripped and then contracted around the vast shaft. I held it at the base of the 12 inches and rammed it home as hard as I could.
"HOLY...FUCKING....CHIRST...ARRRRGGGH,"
I screamed out so loud I should think the neighbours could hear me. I felt the large head hit the very hilt of my insides and I looked down to see nearly the whole cock was in me.
"YES YOU FUCKING HUGE BOY..FUCK MY DIRTY, DEEP CUNT."
I began to really fuck myself with the dildo, in and out I slammed it, pulling nearly the whole thing out of me then in one screaming, cunt ripping motion, I fucked it right back in again.
"YES FUCK....OH FUCK THAT HUGE MONSTER IS RIPPING ME APART." I could not contain my yells of pleasure. I was breathing hard and my huge boobs raised and fell on my chest. My nipples were on stalks and wished I had a man to suck on them right there and then.
I thought of my son the whole time I was fucking the huge cock up my pussy. I knew already that Jake's cock was just as big as this. Just as capable of ripping me open with every thrust. The thought of having my legs spread open like some filthy fuck hungry slut, while my son bangs his giant cock in me just sent my mind into an orgasmic whirl.
I held my eyes firmly shut as I continued to fuck myself senseless with the huge toy. My pussy was so wet that I could hear the squelching sounds every time I pushed the dildo in.
With my legs spread open like a whore, I just imagined it was Jake, fucking his mother hard with that massive big prick of his.
"FUCK ME JAKE, FUCK YOUR MOTHER SO HARD."
I took a huge intake of breath and arched my back up from the bed. My tits quivered and shook as I felt my pussy ready to erupt all over the massive dildo.
"OHHHHHHHHHH FUCK." I screamed at the top of my voice as a huge orgasm shot through my whole body. My insides tightened and clung onto the 12inch fuck stick that I continued to pump up me. My pussy gushed and fired large amounts of my juices out onto the bed. I held tightly to the base of the cock and rammed it in again to the very depths of my cunt, as I rode out the hardest orgasm I had ever had.
It continued for what seemed like minutes. Gush after gush shot from my pussy, the whole big, fat toy was dripping wet as it slid like a knife through hot butter in and out of my well expanded cunt.
My breathing and heart rate remained off the scale as my whole body was again overcome with another huge wave of sexual ecstasy. My son and his young, big cock just filled my every thought.
After a good 10 minutes I finally pulled the dildo from my sopping wet pussy. The sounds were obscene, loud wet pops and squelches as the fat dick withdrew inch by inch from my well fucked pussy. The head finally fell from me and landed on the bed, in a puddle of my cum.
I brought my fingers to my hole and scooped up a copious amount of my juices. It felt hot and thick and stuck to my fingers like glue. Bringing it up to my huge tits, I gently rubbed it into my nipples, circling around my sensitive big boobs. There I was laying on my bed, in a pool of my own fuck juices, my legs still wide open and my cunt dripping. That huge monster toy laying in between my legs, all shiny and wet.
"Oh fuck," I said to myself. "Mommy just got fucked really good."
I lay there for nearly an hour, still reeling from the fucking I had given myself. My insides felt empty without the foot long length up me and my cunt still oozed.
As I lay coming down from my high, all I could think of was Jake. His hard young body and of course that massive cock of his, those large heavy cum filled balls and that gorgeous handsome face.
Despite the hard fucking I had just given myself, I was again getting really horny. Jake was my son, I could never really have sex with him, but at least I could pretend to. Reaching between my legs I again lifted up the huge toy and edged it back towards my hungry wet pussy.
Chapter Two
'Let the Games Begin'
Several days went by and I continued to fuck myself senseless with my Jake lookalike dildo whenever I got the chance.
I had never felt so completely aroused. My normally high sex drive had gone into overdrive and my new toy was the cause. The best times were when Jake was out of the house. I could rip my clothes off and fuck myself silly, screaming as loud as I wanted.
My real issue though was Jake of course. I had tried to catch sight of my son's cock again by opening his door early in the mornings, but he either had the covers over him or he woke up when I went in. It was getting really frustrating. Although I had my huge dildo and I thought about him every time I fucked myself, I was desperate to see that giant fuck stick again.
The summer began to heat up and Jake was wearing less and less around the house. In the garden he would sit in just a pair of shorts that clung to his muscled figure. His ass looked tight and firm, his six pack abs gleamed in the sunshine. He was perfect.
From the kitchen window I stood gazing out at him. My pussy got wet just seeing him in this half naked state. My eyes travelled the length of his body and fixed on the front of his shorts, where I knew underneath that monster lay.
I had to control myself from just running out and jumping on him, ripping his shorts down and engulfing that immense thing in my mouth. I closed my eyes and imagined opening my lips and feeling that hot, hard cock sliding into my mouth, lowering my head down, taking my beautiful son's length as deep into my throat as I could. God I would suck my boy like a vacuum given the chance.
My dirty thoughts and the sight of Jake in the garden had made me fucking horny and gagging for a hard banging. Running to my room, I slammed my door and took my huge dildo out from its hiding place under my bed.
I got down on my knees and bent over the side of the bed. Holding the fake cock at its base I stood it up in front of me. Then leaning forward, I opened my mouth wide and shoved it in. For the next twenty minutes I deep throated the mighty toy, wishing it was my son lying before me.
I got very dirty with that thing, spitting on it and letting it dribble down the fat length before engulfing my mouth back around and down it.
A puddle of my saliva formed at the base of the toy and my hand became soaked as I flung my tightly gripped fist up and down the shaft.
With my other hand I felt under my short skirt and pulled my little thong aside, then plunged three fingers up myself.
It must have looked a filthy sight. There I was bent over the edge of the bed, with my fat ass sticking out like I was waiting to be fucked up the butt. My fist between my legs fingering my wet pussy, my mouth wrapped around a 12inch rubber cock, pumping it in and out with fury and purpose, my hand jacking it off like a whore.
My mind was in a frenzy of lust and naughty thoughts about my son Jake. My cunt, hot and dripping wet, as my fingers jerked around inside me.
When I had finally brought myself to another raging climax and calmed myself down, I cleaned up and headed back downstairs.
Jake was in the kitchen when I got there.
"Hey Mom, I'm going to pick up Sarah in a moment," he said.
He stood with his back to me against the sink. His broad shoulders and strong back gave way to the magnificent sight of that ass in those tight shorts. My mind again whirled.
"Mom, did you hear me?" he said again.
"What...Oh yes, sorry baby...yeah that's ok" I replied, finally coming to my senses.
"We are gonna come here and watch a movie in my room...is that ok?" he asked, crossing the kitchen and sitting at the table.
I had never been totally sure what Jake's relationship with Sarah was. At times they seemed just friends; at others I thought maybe they were more. I was sure they were booty call buddies.
As Jake sat eating lunch, I walked over to the refrigerator to get some milk for my coffee.
"Mom are you alright?" he asked.
"Yes Baby, I'm fine," I replied, walking across to sit with him at the table. "Why do you ask that," looking at him as he ate.
"It's just you seem a bit weird the last few days...kinda quite!"
I thought about the continual fucking's I had been giving myself...had he heard me banging that huge dildo up me?...did he know I wanted to fuck him?...no how could he know that?
"No baby, I'm ok really...just a bit lonely maybe," I said.
As Jake looked at me with an inquisitive glance, I thought to myself, "Why did I just say that?"
"Lonely mom...why are you lonely...I'm here?" he said.
Without thinking about what I was saying I blurted out,
"No I mean... bedroom lonely!"
"Oh...yeah...sure.....got it," he replied. Before turning his attention back to his lunch.
At first I could not believe I had said that out loud, but then I thought, so what, he is a man now; he must know I have needs?
After a few moments he looked at me across the table and said,
"You know mom, there is no reason why you should be lonely...you are really hot...You should get out and meet someone."
My eyes widened hearing my son call me really hot. Did he really think that?
"Oh thank you baby...but I don't think I am hot!"
"Sure you are mom," he said firmly, "All the guys round here think so... and so do I."
All I could think to do was let out a little giggle and smile at him.
Just then he stood up from his chair and walked towards the door, but as he went he said,
"And you got a great rack too...see you later."
He turned his head and gave me a little wink as he left the room, having just told me I had great tits!
I had to take a deep relaxing breath after he walked out the front door. My son Jake, who I had seen with a massive erection a few days before and who had caused me to be more horny than I had ever been in my whole life, just told me he thought I was hot and had great boobs.
While I was shocked to discover that he thought that about me I was also over the moon to hear him say it. I didn't think he ever took any notice of me, but clearly he did.
*
Later that night, I was sitting in the living room when I heard the front door open and Jake walked in with Sarah.
Sarah is a good looking girl, the same age as Jake. They went to high school together and she lives around the corner. She is about 5ft 7" tall with a slender frame. Long flowing blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. She looked a typical American girl next door, a real cheerleader type. Through her t-shirt I could see her nipples poking out. Her tits looked about average size but nothing special.
"Hey Julia, How you doing?" she asked me as they walked in.
"Hello Sarah, I'm fine thanks honey," I replied.
"Mom, Sarah and I are gonna watch a movie in my room, is that ok?" Jake asked.
"Yeah of course baby...have fun."
Watching them go towards the stairs, I could not help feeling jealous of Sarah. For the next few hours she was gonna get to cuddle up next to that hot young body of my son's, where I was desperate to be.
I sat watching t.v until just after 11pm when I decided to head for bed. I was feeling in my usual horny state and felt like a quick play with my pussy before going to sleep.
I headed up stairs and into my bedroom. I removed my clothes and reached for my red nightdress. It was my summer one, pretty thin and short but managed to keep my large assets contained.
As I pulled it over my head, I caught a glimpse of my naked body in the mirror behind the door. Taking a moment to look I thought that maybe Jake was right. I mean I did have a great rack...in fact I had a fucking awesome rack. My large tits were still firm and well rounded, my nipples as hard as steel. My stomach was flat and in good shape and my shaved pussy looked fine.
But what good did it do me? I was still about to get into bed, horny and alone, nobody was gonna be playing with my big mommy melons tonight.
Just then I heard a noise from outside the door. Slowly opening it I then crossed the landing to the top of the stairs and looked down into the darkness. Was there someone in the house?
Then I heard something again, sounded like a thud against the wall...but it did not come from downstairs...it came from behind me.
Turning round I noticed the light coming from the crack around the edges of Jake's bedroom door. I crept across the landing and stood silently outside. Turning my head I bought my left ear close to the door and listened.
At first I heard nothing, but then a few seconds later an unmistakable groan. I knew that sound all too well; I had been doing enough of them myself over the last few days. Again a few seconds later the groan sound from within my son's room.
I listened more intently now. I could hear heavy breathing and a gentle tap of something on the wall.
A few quite moments went by, then I heard Sarah in a low deep moaning voice say, "Oh fuck eat meeeeee."
I took a step back from the door and felt my heart jump a beat. They were fucking...I knew it.
Creeping back against the door, but being careful not to press against it and alert them that I was there. I listened again.
Sarah continued to breathe so loud that I could hear every intake and exhale. Her groans of pleasure grew louder and more frequent.
"Eat me Jake."
I pictured the scene behind this door. My son with his face buried between that young girls legs, his mouth and tongue lapping at her 18 year old cunt, probing deep inside it. Sarah lying there with her legs open, looking down at my son as he sucked and licked her.
"Oh Jake yeah...that's so good," she again groaned out.
This went on for several minutes. The moans getting louder and the sounds of breathing even deeper.
"Shove your fingers in me Jake."
I felt a huge rush of excitement shoot through my whole body as I listened to Sarah telling my son what she wanted, then, "OOOOHHHHHHH." It was the kind of groan that only someone in the midst of sex would make, a deep hard satisfying sound.
Standing there in just my flimsy nightdress, I let my hands wander over my breasts and start to pinch on my nipples. My pussy was getting wet and I was getting turned on listening to this.
After several moments of listening to Sarah being pleasured by my son's clearly talented fingers and tongue, I again heard her voice, breathless and low, but clear and unmistakable.
"Jake...I...want....your...big...cock!"
My eyes widened and without thinking about it, I cupped both my hands around my boobs and squashed them together. I listened intently as the creaking of the bed and noise of them moving around wafted from the room.
"You want it hard baby?"
"Yeah Jake, fuck my little pussy hard"
"Oh yeah...I will babe"
"Yeah do it good, fill me up with your big cock."
"OHHHHHHHHH FUCK YEAH."
I just stood there listening to the pair of them as she took Jake inside her. Within seconds her groans had turned to muffled screams. Clearly either she or Jake had their hands over her mouth, muffling the cries of pleasure.
"MUUFFFFFHHHHHHH"
"Oh yeah baby...take my cock," Jake moaned out.
My mind went crazy listening to the sounds from behind that door. My son was right now between that girls legs, pushing that huge cock inside her, filling her young pussy with his enormous fucker.
My pussy was on fire and I had to reach my hands under my nightdress and start playing with my wet meaty cunt.
The sounds from within the room grew louder and harder. I could hear their young bodies slapping together, the sound of the bed knocking rhythmically against the wall. Sarah clearly had her mouth still covered but the screams of pleasure just grew more intense.
Occasionally I would hear Jake quietly say something to her like.
"Oh fuck your pussy is so tight baby," Or "Take my cock deep."
The loud slapping noises just grew louder and the pace of their fucking was clearly intense. The knocking of the bed on the wall got quicker as my son fucked her harder.
Outside the closed door I was becoming a wreck. I was half bent over with my hand probing deep up my now sopping wet pussy. I had to hold my other hand over my mouth to try to stop any noises from escaping. My heart beat raced and my breathing had become very irregular. I felt light headed, as though I was floating along on a cloud. In my mind I was imagining what was happening in that room. Jake banging his whole cock inside that girl's pussy, giving her the damn good fucking that I was desperate for.
"Gonna cum baby."
I heard my son groan out, coupled with the sounds of the furious slapping of bodies.
"ohhhhhhhhh fuccccckkkkk."
I pounded my fingers up my cunt, hard and fast, as I listened to my son moaning in ecstasy, shooting his load from those big heavy young balls. I wondered if he had just fired his spunk over Sarah or if he had blown his nuts inside her...oh my god, imagine that, all his hot thick cum shooting deep inside a wet, well fucked pussy.
I felt my legs get very weak and could feel my pussy contracting around my fingers. My insides filled with my juices and I practically gushed a puddle onto the floor. Inside the room the sounds of heavy breathing continued and I could still make out Sarah's muffled groans.
*
I finally and quietly made my way back into my own room and flung myself onto my bed. I felt exhausted. I had been stood outside my son's door for about fifteen minutes, listening to them fucking. I had worked myself up into a frenzy, pumping my fingers into my wet hot pussy, imagining myself lying in that room with him fucking that immense, long dick into me.
For the next hour I lay awake thinking about my son. Nearly a week had gone by since I had seen his giant cock as he lay sleeping.
I had brought and used a dildo that looked just like his love length, bringing myself to some of the most intense orgasms of my life. Then there were those things he said to me earlier today, about me being hot and having a great rack. Now I had heard him fucking and it sounded like she was in heaven....and I wanted some of that.
As I lay there with my wet pussy still oozing, I made a decision. I didn't care that he was my son. I didn't care that it was wrong. I was fucking horny and only my son's massive cock could help me.
From tomorrow morning I was launching operation 'fuck my son.'
*
The next day I woke up more determined than ever, I wanted Jake.
The question was though how was I going to get him. Seducing my son was not something I had thought about before. Then I thought back to what he had said yesterday in the kitchen. He had obviously noticed my large assets, but then who hadn't? So maybe my tits would be a good starting point.
I had never dressed slutty or revealing. My husband always said, "Keep those things under wraps." But maybe it was time that I started to flaunt my big double d's. Let my son really see what a great rack I had.
I went shopping again that day and brought some tight, low cut tops and shorter skirts. They would allow my cleavage to be more fully accentuated. Trying them on in the shop changing room, I looked in the mirror to see my tits practically spilling out over the top. The material clung around them and pushed them together. With the short skirt above my knee, I looked like a hooker.
When I returned home, I went to my bedroom and prepared for Jake's return. I knew he would be home from the gym soon. Squeezing my boobs into my new revealing shirt, I could not wait to see my son's face when he saw these babies on display.
I heard his car pull into the driveway and I rushed downstairs and into the kitchen. I wanted this to look casual, like I wasn't doing anything different. The door opened and he called out "Mom, I'm home."
"In the kitchen baby," I called back to him. My heart beat raced and my knees trembled with anticipation.
"Hey mom....wow I'm shattered, that was a long workout."
I stood with my back to him as he sat at the table. Then trying not to giggle I turned around to face him.
"Aww my poor boy, would you like something to drink."
"Yeah that would be great," he said. Then he looked up from the table and straight at me.
I had my ass pressed back against the cupboard and I stood there just a few feet from the table, looking over and down onto my son.
His eyes darted straight to my boobs, being squashed by the tight material of the thin t-shirt. I looked at him as his eyes almost popped out of his head and his mouth dropped open. He looked like he had just seen a ghost.
"Wow mom, like the new shirt....you look... fab."
Trying to be nonchalant about it, I gazed down at my heaving breasts, spilling out around the top and sides of the shirt. My eyes crossed from one tit to the other as I said,
"Thanks... I brought it today...do you think it shows a little too much off?"
Jake sat there practically mesmerised by my tits. His eyes had not left my chest. I noticed that he was still sweating from his workout at the gym. He wore a white t-shirt that clung to his tight muscled pecs.
After a few seconds of being transfixed on my enclosed melons, he came to his senses and blinked his eyes before looking me in the face.
"Errr no mom...it looks great really...never seen you... looking like that before."
Feeling brave and with some kind of almost hypnotic power over my son, I raised my arms and placed my hands on either side of my chest. Gently, I pushed my boobs together, causing a deep dark crack in the middle. Looking down I could only see my tit flesh piling under my chin. To my son, sat in front of me, it must have looked like they were going to erupt over the top of the shirt.
"I think my boobs look too big in this though...want do you think?" I asked in a low voice.
"Errr..Errr....no mom, they look great.....told you, you have a great rack."
My heart jumped and my legs almost gave way as he said that. There I was stood just feet from my son, squashing my big tits together, just being restrained by the thin material.
"Mom...I need...to go shower," Jake said, his eyes again transfixed on my large spilling jugs.
"Ok baby," I replied as I slowly removed my hands from around my breasts, allowing them to fall back apart.
I watched closely as Jake got up from the table and swiftly walked from the room. My eyes travelled the length of his back as he walked away. The t-shirt, wet with sweat, clung to his shoulder and back muscles. His running shorts encased his young, firm ass and those hard defined legs; it sent a shiver right through me.
I heard him run up the stairs and the bathroom door close. I let out a schoolgirl giggle and cupped my hand to my mouth.
My whole body trembled with excitement. My own son, that gorgeous young stud, packing a giant cock, had just sat there and been totally hooked on the sight of my big tits.
He had been hardly able to tear his eyes away from my bulging double dd's. I had never seen him so lost for words. I bet he was up there right now thinking about them.
I imagined him in the bathroom, taking his massive cock in hand and starting to jack it off, thinking about my jugs, maybe wishing that he could shoot his big load all over them.
I was getting horny and wet just thinking about it. The really good thing was though that I had, with only minimal effort and a tight t-shirt, been able to reduce my son to a wide eyed, open mouthed, tit admiring, lost for words, wreck that had to run from the room.
Phase one of operation Fuck my son, was definitely underway.
*
Later that night I called Jake down for dinner, he had been in his room for the last few hours.
Sitting opposite each other at the table, I kept catching him looking at my cleavage, still wrapped in my low cut top. The conversation was normal until in a low, almost nervous voice Jake said,
"Mom..I think you look really awesome today."
I felt my heart skip a beat as I looked at my son, again admiring my boobs.
"Thanks, you are very sweet...I'm glad you like THEM!"
Jake's eyes shot from my chest and he looked me in the face, with a rather embarrassed grin.
"Sorry," he said, "It's hard not to look at them."
"It's ok baby, it's been a long time since a man took that much notice of my boobs."
We both exchanged a smile to each other and my pussy began to get wet. I felt a new found bravery in talking to my son, in my gagging desperation to get him naked, I was willing to say things to him that I would never have said before.
"You know, you should show off that body of yours a little more baby...you are very good looking young man you know."
Jake looked across at me and smiled.
"Thanks mom, I didn't think you noticed?"
Raising my eyebrows, I replied, "Of course I do...you're a hunk baby. I'm so proud of you, you are a fine figure of a man....it's no wonder the girls all swarm around you."
I could instantly see the surprise in his eyes as we continued to eat.
Feeling emboldened I continued, "And what's more...if you weren't my son, I would be all over you!"
I took a deep breath, had I gone too far?
Jake swallowed hard, before again bringing his eyes up, glancing at my tits then looking straight at me. He paused a moment, gazing deep into my eyes then replied with an almost arrogant grin.
"Don't let that stop you mom."
I felt my mouth become as dry as a desert and a strange tingle in my stomach. What did he just say...had I heard him right?
He again sunk his eyes down to my boobs and said, "I wouldn't mind THEM all over me!"
He then looked back up and winked at me.
Jake had never lacked confidence and had always been quite forward, but never with me and never so blatant.
The rest of dinner went by and the conversation returned to more general things, but my mind was in daze.
All I could think of was what we had said to each other, and especially what he had said. Was he actually telling me that he wanted me or was I just reading it wrong...was he just flirting? Or in my horny, sex obsessed, mind, was I just trying too hard.
After dinner we both went into the living room and watched t.v. I sat next to him on the sofa and could not help moving my eyes down to his crotch, remembering the magnificent sight I had seen there that morning while he slept.
As we sat there I tried to think of my next move. I was getting hornier by the minute and had to control my urge to just jump on him and plunge my tongue into his mouth. My short skirt had not so far seemed to have much of an effect on him, he had been far more interested in my bulging breasts.
I had tried to squirm on the sofa, trying to get it to ride up but it wasn't working. My next tactic was to try and snuggle up towards him.
I gave out a fake yawn and stretched my arms wide, then bringing them back down I landed my left arm onto Jake's leg and left it there. Then I fell sideways and brought my head to rest on his shoulder.
"Mmmm, that's better." I said as I opened my hand out flat on his thigh. I sunk myself deeper into his side and nuzzled my face against his neck.
I tried to press my boobs against his arm and ended up with my tits practically wrapped around his strong biceps.
Jake said nothing as I kept pressing myself against him. "Time to ramp this up a bit," I thought.
I could feel my pussy getting wet and my heart racing, I had not been this close to my son in such a long time, but the difference now was that I was as horny as fuck and I wanted him.
Trying not to make it obvious, I gently began to move my fingers on his leg. Without moving my hand I danced my fingers around, slowly scratching my nails on his muscular thigh.
I returned my eyes to the t.v, with my head resting on his shoulder, I could not see where his eyes were but I could hear his breathing becoming quite heavy. I pressed my jugs harder into his arm and began to make little circles on his leg with my fingers.
This continued for about five minutes, when I looked down and saw it. A slight tent was appearing in the front of his shorts. He was getting a hard-on.
I bit my lip and held my whole body rigid trying not to show any signs that I had seen it.
I kept my eyes glued on his lap, watching as the outline of his growing cock was becoming visible. The material of his shorts seemed to cling around the shaft and as it hardened it began to stretch across his lap, covered under the shorts.
My hand resting on his leg was just a few inches away from where the fat shaft now was. I was so close to grabbing hold of that dick.
Just then Jake leaned forward and said, "I think I better get up."
"Why? I replied, already knowing full well.
"I got a hard-on," he said almost proudly, lifting himself up from the sofa.
As he stood the massive cock towered in his shorts, causing a tent like effect. It jutted out about eight inches in front of him and the amazing sight caused me to take a sharp intake of breath.
"Oh wow...did I do that?" I asked, trying to tear my eyes up from his crotch to his face.
"Yeah mom...I'm sorry."
"Oh don't be silly baby...I've seen a hard-on before...come and sit back down." I told him, as a tapped my hand on the sofa next to me.
He returned to the seat and I again snuggled back into him.
"Mind you...I've not seen one that big before baby," I said, feeling daring and brave.
I looked into my son's eyes and gave him a naughty sideways smile. He returned the gesture and said,
"Thanks mom...I'm glad you like it."
I nuzzled my boobs back against his arm and rested my head back on his shoulder. My eyes though were firmly looking down.
The massive erection was now tented under his shorts. The waistband had actually lifted from him. I felt an uncontrollable rush of excitement run through me.
What would he say if I just placed my hand on it, gave it a squeeze and felt its huge girth?
No, it was too early for that, I had to control my urges, although that giant pole was just inches from my grasp.
I instead placed my hand across his stomach and could instantly feel his hard muscled abs, His thin t-shirt barely covering the chiselled frame below.
As we sat watching t.v, I tried to think how I could take this forward. It needed to be gradual. But then again my son seemed quite comfortable sitting next to me with a full on erection in his shorts, so maybe it wasn't going to be too hard to take the next step.
My pussy was so wet as I sat there, the sight of that cock, so big and hard, but sadly covered, was driving me insane. I knew that I would need to give myself a good fucking with my huge dildo again tonight.
Then I had an idea, I had got so hot listening to Jake fucking Sarah, maybe I could get him hot for me if he heard me fucking myself, or even better than that, if he actually saw me.
A plan formulated in my mind. I could go up to bed and fuck myself but make lots of noise to get Jake's attention. Accidentally on purpose, forget to fully close my door and see if he would come and spy on me.
Just thinking about it was turning me on so much, as if I wasn't enough already. Actually letting my son see me with my legs wide open taking a massive dildo up myself, fuck I was horny.
I again fixed my eyes on his lap and the monster pressing up from beneath his shorts. Fuck I wanted that cock.
Lifting myself off of him, I said boldly,
"I'm off to bed baby...I need to lie down after seeing that... thing." I nodded my head down at his crotch as I stood up, my huge tits straining my shirt.
He looked up at me and smiled, then said,
"You should see it without the shorts!" then he winked at me.
Widening my eyes at my son's boldness I took a moment, then replied with a slight smile, "Promises, promises."
I turned and walked out of the door, glancing back over my shoulder. Jake was staring at my ass as I walked.
"Night Baby" I said, flinging my head back around and tossing my hair over my shoulder.
"Night Mom," he called back.
I raced upstairs and into my bedroom. I pulled my tight t-shirt over my head and ripped down my little black bra. My tits fell heavy against my chest and crashed together as I leaned forward to peal down my skirt.
I whipped down my thong and stood naked. The moonlight shone through the window and I walked over to draw the curtains. I didn't want anyone but Jake to see this show.
I turned on my bedroom light and shut the door. I eased it closed until about a three inch gap was left between the door and the frame.
"That's enough," I said to myself.
I walked over to the bed and removed the 'big bully' from his hiding place and climbed onto the bed.
I was so excited, I could hardly contain myself. My pussy was already soaking wet from watching that cock grow in his shorts. I wrapped my hand around the fake cock and thought back to a few moments ago when I was so close to Jake. I ran my hand along the shaft and imagined it was my son's giant cock in my hand.
I finally threw myself back on the bed. My big tits slapped and collided around, as I got myself comfortable. Then I lowered my arms between my legs, spreading them open, and brought the big toy to my clit.
A sharp shudder shot through me as it touched the sensitive wet area. My clit button seemed to swell as I began to move the head of the dildo around.
I was gagging to just slam this whole fat length inside me, but tonight was about getting Jake's attention.
I began to make some deep groans as I slapped the big bully against my wet pussy. Little droplets of sweat and cunt juice splashed on to my hand.
Then, I took it by the base and aimed the giant head straight at my gaping hole. I threw my legs into the air and relaxed my pussy muscles ready for the invasion.
I nudged the fat cock head past my lips, which spread open with ease. I pushed it in further and let out a loud hard moan as it slid deep up my hot pussy.
"MMMMMMMMM."
I began to pump the long hard shaft in and out of my cunt. My muscles contracted around it as I bumped the end inside me.
Unsure if Jake could hear me or not, I started to moan and groan louder.
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH FUCK YEAH.....MMMMM...FAT COCK....OHHHHH FUCK YEAH."
I writhed my body around on the bed, making my huge tits fall from side to side. I clung onto the end of the battering ram toy and continued to shove it deep up myself.
"OOOOOHHHHH SHIT....FUCK YEAH."
I flung my legs as high and wide as I could, my open cunt, filled with this fat dildo, pointing straight at the slightly open door. If Jake was there he would see everything.
I tried to hold off cumming but I was too worked up. The day's events had made me so horny and wet I could only last a few moments.
I screamed in ecstasy as I felt my pussy flood with a hard orgasm.
"OH FUCK....FUCK MEEEEEEEE."
I kept pounding my fist forward, driving the mighty shaft inside me, coating it in my hot juices.
"FUCKKKKK."
I rode it out, screaming out so that Jake could not have failed to hear me. I breathed hard and deep, my tits falling and rising from my chest.
I felt another gush building inside and I slammed the whole length deep up me, before pulling the 12 inch fucker right out.
"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH."
My pussy erupted again, this time firing a gush of my juices from my soaking wet cunt hole. My whole body shook violently, stretched out on the bed. I threw my left arm up to my breasts and grabbed them hard, locking my fingertips around the hard erect nipple of my right tit.
"ARRRRRRRR....FUCKKKKKKK....DIRTY MOMMY."
I tried to calm myself down and reduce my breathing. My whole body seemed frozen as I felt my pussy continue to spasm and ooze.
I brought my hand to my clit and began to rub myself up and down the wet dripping gash. Everytime I touched my clit button, it felt like I was being electrocuted, waves of intense pleasure ran through me.
I thought of Jake, he must have heard me. I had only made that kind of noise when he was out of the house. My screams of orgasm must have reverberated around the house. The question was, had he come upstairs?
There really was no way to tell, so I decided the show must go on.
After a few moments recovery time, I reached down between my legs and picked up the dildo and brought it up to my chest. I stood it up by the base and rested it between my tits. Just then I heard a noise. It sounded like the stairs...Jake!!
I tried to pay no attention to it and quickly moved the big toy back to my pussy, Then again, another loud creak, near the top of the stairs, right across the landing from my partially opened door.
This was my chance. I opened my legs and swiftly jammed the dildo back into my dripping hot cunt.
"MMMMMMMMM....OHHHHH FUUUCCCCKKKK."
I moaned out, making sure Jake could hear me. I did not want him to know that I knew he was out there so I closed my eyes and avoided looking towards my door.
I shoved it in harder and again began to fuck myself hard and deep.
"OH YEAH.....YOU BIG FAT FUCKER....FUCK THAT CUNT-HOLE.."
For several minutes I slammed the whole big pussy pounder inside me, moaning and groaning with pleasure. Then my dirty mind had another idea. If my son was out there, let him know I was thinking about him.
Just thinking this dirty thought brought me close to another orgasm. So I held my breath and then let out a final cry as I came.
"OH YES JAKE.....FUCK YOUR BIG COCK IN MOMMY....OOOOHHHHHH FUCKING HELL."
I again felt my pussy explode from deep within, gushing another huge load out onto the bed and covering the fake cock with my juices.
"Oh Jake, fucking hell yeah....such a BIG BOY...FUCK ME BABY...."
In a low deep, sultry and breathless voice, I moaned out to my son, hoping that he had just seen and heard my display.
As I regained my composure I listened intently, I was still sprawled out naked on my bed, my pussy still creaming.
It took several minutes but finally I heard a noise. It was the sound of a door being closed very quietly. I could just make out the door handle being released and the lock closing into the frame.
I smiled broadly and tried to suppress a little chuckle. Jake must have heard everything and maybe through the crack in the door, he had seen everything. Tomorrow was going to be a very interesting day.
*
Chapter Three
'It's Time!'
I could hardly wait to see Jake the next morning, just so I could gauge his reaction.
It was just after 10am when he finally came downstairs. I was sat at the kitchen table, flicking through a magazine. I looked up and he entered the room.
"Hey Baby," I said.
He looked at me and raised his eyebrows, then a huge grin came over his face, followed by a laugh.
"What's up with you?" I asked as he pulled the chair away from the table and sat down.
"Oh nothing up....are you ALRIGHT this morning?" he said, still with a huge smile.
"Errrmmm yeah....fine." I replied coyly.
I looked straight across the table at Jake and into his eyes. He had the look of a guilty boy...like he had done something wrong and was now indicating that he had got away with it.
"That's good mom....real good." He's voice had an arrogance to it and it could only mean one thing. He had seen and heard everything.
He again let out a little subdued laugh and then said,
"So....did you sleep ok?"
"Yeah...fine" I replied, now giving him a little smile back.
"Yeah it sounded FINE." He retorted back.
My son and I locked our eyes together and after a few seconds pause, we both gave each other cheeky grins.
I was overjoyed inwardly. My plan to get him to catch me had seemingly worked. Last night I could only assume he had been outside the door, but this little conversation said it all.
Trying to be cool about it, I said, "Oh...I see....was I too loud...sorry about that."
I knew full well of course that I been too loud, that was the whole point.
Jake raised his eyebrows again and travelled his eyes down to my chest and back up again.
"Don't worry mom...It was ok....better than t.v."
I tried to hide the sudden widening of my eyes and the thrill that shot through me. Had he seen through the crack in the door?
"I...was just having some fun...that's all," I said.
Then came the answer to my prayers and what I knew I could use to finally be able to fuck him. He again lowered his eyes to my boobs, I was wearing my towelling robe but it wasn't closed very well at the top and my tit flesh bulged out.
As his eyes undressed me, he said as bold as brass and totally without any embarrassment.
"It looked like a fuck load of fun from where I was standing."
My heartbeat again sped up, my eyes flew wide open and my mouth dropped. It was one of those moments when I was half genuinely surprised and half faking it.
Of course I knew he could well have seen me last night, that was the plan after all, and my look now was sort of feigned, but I was surprised by his openness, just coming out and saying that.
I turned my look of shock into one of laughter, allowing myself to giggle and smile widely across at him.
Trying to regain the upper hand and trying to make it look real I replied,
"Well...I'm glad you enjoyed the show.....I must remember to close my door properly in future, mustn't I?"
Jake, his eyes darting from my face to my hidden tits, just shrugged his shoulders and said in a joking, sarcastic voice,
"Maybe I will just come right in next time."
My mind just erupted at that point, for the next few moments I could think of nothing but those wild images in my head. The thoughts of him being in my room and what would happen next was already making my pussy wet and I started to squirm on the seat.
Finally I composed myself enough to be able to offer a reply,
"Well...we will...errrrmm...see about that."
Again we exchanged a glance that most mothers and sons would never do. It was a flirty smile, mixed with a naughty laugh and come to bed eyes. Although neither of us said anything, it was obvious to both of us what the other was thinking. There was no mention of the fact that I had used his name while fucking myself, but again it was one of those things that did not need to be said.
*
Jake was out at the gym for most of the day, I was expecting him home around 5. We were going to a friend's party in a local bar later that night. They were actually old friends of my ex-husbands but Jake and I had been invited and we both agreed it would be a night out.
As the day went by I could not get the morning's conversation out of my mind. I had been worried that my little show last night may have been too much, that I might have freaked him out by calling out his name. But my fears were unfounded. He clearly had loved it. That coupled with the hard-on he got while we snuggled on the sofa, had made yesterday a very good day in the operation to fuck my son.
Again my mind filled with thoughts of his raging hard, huge dick. In my mind's eye I could see it laying there on that bed and then, being so close to it as it tented his shorts, last night.
My pussy was now in a wet and hot state the whole time. I had never in my life felt so horny, so much. I could quite easily have ripped my panties off and fucked myself again there and then but I had other plans for today.
This party was going to give me another opportunity to get near my son. We only knew a handful of people that were going to be there and most of the time we would probably be on our own. That mixed with the drink that would be free flowing and hopefully some slow dancing, gave me yet more naughty thoughts.
I chose the hottest, tightest and sluttyist dress that I had in my wardrobe. It was black satin with a white strip from under the arm to the leg. It hung from the shoulder straps and went down to a plunging neck line. My tits would look fabulous in this. It clung around the waist and accentuated my ass, which bulged out the back of the dress, giving me a real J-Lo look. It reached to just below the knee. With a pair of high heels I would look very fuckable.
I spent several hours getting ready that afternoon, doing my hair and makeup. I heard Jake come home and run up the stairs. I was in the bathroom when he called out.
"Mom..I'm home, just gonna go get ready."
"Ok honey...wear something nice." I called back.
I came out the bathroom with a towel wrapped around me and went into my bedroom. I opened my drawer and decided what underwear to put on.
I selected a black pair of French panties, that were rimmed with lace and a strapless black bra. I put them on and stood in front of the mirror. I looked good. I stepped into the dress and pulled it up over my legs. As I bent down I could see myself in the mirror. The panties hugged my butt and my huge tits hung in front of me, almost falling out of the bra.
I slithered the dress up and over my ass. My cheeks squeezed together as the figure hugging dress clung to my body. I squashed my big fat tits under the dress and adjusted them to be comfortable.
Standing by the mirror, I admired myself. I must admit I looked hot and I was sure Jake would appreciate the sight.
My big tits looked wonderful, practically spilling over the edges. The low cut dress giving an awesome view down my cleavage.
I walked downstairs, still adjusting my dress around my boobs, my eyes looking down studying my two big globes.
A long low whistle came from the bottom of the stairs. I looked up to see Jake stood there. His arms folded across his chest looking me up and down. He looked very handsome, dressed up in his suit.
"Oh wow mom...you look....amazing."
"Thanks Baby....so do you...very hunky." I replied as I reached the foot of the stairs and stood face to face with my son.
For a brief moment I felt a real strong connection between us, a real mutual admiration for each other.
Jake's eyes continued to wander up and down my body, with a big smile on his face.
"Well," He said, "Looks like I'm going out with hottest girl in the neighbourhood tonight."
I giggled a little and felt myself blushing at my son's compliments.
"Oh...well I think I have the best looking man with me," I said, our eyes again locking deep together.
We left the house and drove to the party.
*
I could not take my eyes off Jake the whole night. He looked so handsome in his suit and I knew the fantastic body that lay underneath.
Sitting next to my friend Claire, she noticed me keep looking at my son.
"He has really grown up into a very good looking boy, hasn't he? She asked.
Snapping my gaze away from Jake I turned to look at my friend.
"What...oh yeah....yeah he is." I replied
She gave me an inquisitive glance and went on.
"I guess at least you have a man around the house....."
Claire's husband had also left her about a year ago and she now lived alone.
"I would kill to have THAT living in my house." She said
I looked at Claire with a surprised expression.
"What do mean?" I asked.
"Well you know honey....I would be all over that if he was living in my house." She replied.
Outwardly I tried to show shock and surprise, but inwardly I was beaming with pride. Claire was the same age as me and very good looking and to know she had been noticing my son too made me feel very happy. I knew Jake was good looking and what he was hiding in his trousers. But to hear someone else say it was a real turn on.
"Does he have a girlfriend?" she asked.
"No one special...no," I replied, retuning my gaze to where Jake was standing on the other side of the bar.
"mmmm mind if I have a go?" she said.
"CLAIRE...No...He's my son," I replied, snapping my head back round to look at her.
"Well ok honey...but seems a terrible waste to me." Claire winked at me as she said this and smiled broadly with an almost encouraging tone in her voice.
I looked back over at Jake and pictured his naked young body lying on my bed, that huge cock, all hard and thick, ready to fuck mommy's pussy.
I let my mind wander, closing out all the sights and sounds around me. My only thoughts, as I stared intently at my son, were visions of us fucking. Down on my hands and knees, bent over, taking that cock up my hungry wet pussy. My big tits slapping around from the hard pounding I was receiving, his hands coming crashing down on my ass, spanking his dirty incestuous mother as he continued to fuck that big dick all the way home.
"Julia...Julia.....JULIA."
I was snapped from my naughty daydream by Claire's calls as she roughly shook my shoulder.
"What...oh sorry...was in another world then," I said, coming to my senses again.
"Yeah so I see," she said, "And I think I know what's causing it."
"What do you mean," I retorted.
Claire lowered her head and moved closer towards me. She had a half smile on her face and her eyebrows rose as she looked into my eyes and said,
"It's Jake isn't it....he turns you on."
I opened my eyes wide and looked aghast at my friend but said nothing.
"It is isn't it...You have been eying him all night....it's ok...I have seen him keep looking at you as well."
I still just sat there looking at her. We had only been here a couple of hours. Was it really that fucking obvious?
Claire, seeing my shock, went on.
"It's cool really honey...he's a good looking boy...I would if I was you."
She leaned back in the chair and again winked at me.
Finally I allowed the shocked expression to drop from my face and gave my friend a little smile.
"Well....he is a good looking boy," I said
Claire and I both nodded to each other and began to laugh. My pussy was so wet and my heart thumped against my chest.
I was so horny and now Claire with her tempting approval had made me even worse.
Just then she looked up and smiled at someone stood behind me. I looked around to see Jake stood there.
He looked down on me and said, "Wanna dance mom?"
I looked back over at Claire who smiled again and gave me a encouraging nod.
I stood up looking my son deep in the eyes, feeling horny but at the same time very much in love with him. He shot a quick glance down to my boobs, which were spilling from the top of my dress.
Then in one swift movement, he took my hand and led me to the dance floor. Glancing back over my shoulder, Claire gave me another saucy wink and put her thumb in the air.
As we reached the floor area, the Lionel Ritchie track, 'Three times a Lady' began to play. Jake pulled me into him and wrapped his arms around my waist, placing his hands on my lower back. He smiled at me as we drew closer and I smiled back.
Placing my hands on his shoulders, we moved to within a few inches of each other. Our eyes now locked together.
I felt a deep sense of safety and joy being wrapped in my son's strong arms, his hands holding me in his grasp. We said nothing for quite some time as we moved to the music.
I again felt myself blocking out everyone and everything around me, it felt like it was just me and my son, stood in a silent room.
Our faces were no more than a foot apart and every so often Jake's eyes would wander down and lock onto my huge heaving breasts, which I was deliberately pushing forwards into him.
Just then I sensed him moving even closer into me, his hands slipping slightly further down my back, resting just inches above my ass.
"Wow mom...you look so hot," he said as he drew his face yet closer still towards me.
I felt my heart skip a beat and I swallowed hard, before looking him in the eyes and saying,
"Thanks baby...so do you."
I felt intense lust and love towards my strong son as I remained held in his arms. I looked at his lips, just a few inches from mine. I had to control the very strong urge I felt to kiss him. To push my mouth to his and slide my tongue in, to close my eyes and enjoy what would be a moment of intense pleasure.
I edged my chest forwards and slowly met my thrusting boobs with the jacket of his suit. I slid my arms from his shoulders and across his neck, softly locking my fingers together.
Realising that I was moving into him, he smiled at me and pulled his arms tighter around my waist, drawing my whole body against him.
I turned my head and rested it on his left shoulder as his chin lay on mine. No longer were we face to face, but we were very much body to body.
My heart rate sped up again and my breathing got heavy. My legs felt like jelly and I had to control myself from shaking. I have never felt so many emotions wash over me at one time. I felt excited, scared, nervous, happy, proud and safe, but above all, still so horny.
My pussy, already wet, was now practically dripping. I felt tingling deep inside me and the unmistakable sensation of needing to be fucked.
We continued to dance close together as the music slowed. My son's aftershave wafted up my nose and added to his already overwhelming attraction.
Just then Jake's arms locked even tighten around my waist and our bodies now pressed completely together.
We danced slowly, moving from side to side, our arms around each other. My head resting on Jake's hard muscled shoulder.
Then I felt something hard pressing against me and almost at once I knew the unmistakable feeling of his now, hard cock squashed between us.
For several moments we just continued to dance, then Jake whispered into my ear.
"You like it mom?"
I lifted my head off of his shoulder and looked him straight in the eye. Our faces just inches apart. I smiled broadly and narrowed my eyes, then gave a quick succession of little nods.
I had never felt anything so hard and big pressed against me. It felt as though a plank of wood was lodged between us. It squashed against my stomach.
Giving Jake a naughty smirk I gently moved myself from side to side, with my hands around his waist and locked on his lower back.
As I rocked I could feel his huge hard on roll around against me. It was the most amazing sensation.
"Oh mom...shit that feels hot," he said quietly as our eyes remained lock.
I felt his hands drop lower and slide over my ass. My eyes widened and I said to him.
"Careful babe, someone will see!"
He took his hands off my ass and returned them to my sides. My pussy was so hot and wet and I was getting into such a horny state, that I just wanted to rip his clothes off.
I continued to rub myself against him, feeling that massive erection wedged between us.
Our eyes remained locked on each other and I could sense Jake getting worked up. His eyes wandered to my lips and I knew he wanted to kiss me.
I tried to remain aware of where we were and all the people around us.
"Not here baby." I whispered to him.
"Let's go home mom," he replied in a commanding and authoritative voice.
I felt my heart skip several beats and I instinctively held my breath for a moment. Was he telling me he wanted to go home and kiss me...or something else?
I simply nodded.
With overwhelming excitement I smiled and spread my eyes open wide, then spun myself from his grip and turned away from him. Then I edged myself back and pressed my ass into his bulging crotch. I left it there for only a second, then reached my arm around and grabbed his hand.
Holding his hand I began to walk off of the dance floor pulling Jake behind me. The lighting in the bar had now gone well down and the area was lit only by soft low lights. This was good because Jake still sported a massive bulge in the front of his trousers.
Grabbing my bag from the chair I continued to hold onto Jake's hand as we headed for the door.
Just as we approached it my friend called out from over by the bar.
"JULIA, ARE YOU LEAVING?"
I looked briefly around and nodded at her. She smiled and gave me a wink, just as we stepped through the door and out into the dark night.
Once out of sight of the windows of the bar, I turned around to look at Jake, his eyes were fixed on my ass and his huge cock, trapped in his trousers, still jutted out in front of him.
"Well baby...that was sure interesting." I said, as his eyes came up to meet mine.
"Mom...what's happening...I'm so turned on."
Smiling widely, I clenched his hand tighter and replied,
"Dont worry Jake...mommy is gonna take good care of you."
As we walked to the car we both smiled and giggled at each other like a couple of school kids.
As we got into the car and closed the door's, Jake looked across at me and said.
"Mom...Do you wanna have sex with me?"
I almost orgasmed there and then, I squirmed in my seat as I felt my pussy tighten and contract. A shudder of excitement shot right through me. He had just uttered the words I had been dreaming about since I first saw him naked in bed that morning.
For the next few moments I said nothing, my breath seemed taken away, as though his words had paralysed me. I simply sat looking at him.
"Mom...after what I saw you doing last night...and hearing you call my name...and because you told me you would....and you make me so hot...I thought maybe.."
Finally I reached over and placed a finger on his lips and said, "Sussssssshhhhh.....it's alright Jake....I am dying to have sex with you."
Our eyes stayed firmly fixed on each other and it was a moment when we both knew what was going to happen. Finally it was time...I was going to fuck my gorgeous hunky son.
"Holy shit mom," he said finally. "Lets get home...I need your help with something in my trousers."
Loving my son's boldness I looked down to see his hard cock standing to full attention, creating a massive tent in his trousers.
"Oh wow baby...that looks even bigger than it did last night on the sofa!" I said, my eyes bulging out of my head and my heart racing.
Just seeing it so big and hard, although hidden from view, was making my pussy so wet with anticipation. The thought that when we got home, in just a short while, that giant cock would be sliding inside my dripping pussy, was just driving me over the edge.
Looking back up at Jake, with a huge grin on my face, I said, "Don't worry baby..mommy knows just what to do with that!!!"
His eyes travelled down my body, undressing me with his gaze. Then resting his stare on my large jutting tits he said.
"This is gonna be so GOOD."
Driving home I placed my right hand on Jake's thigh and gently clawed my fingernails along the material of his trousers.
"Jake you have no idea how horny I have been...and seeing you with that huge cock has just turned me into a sex crazed slut...I even brought that dildo just because it looks like your cock."
Looking surprised Jake replied,
"Shit mom..you should have told me...I would have fucked you anytime...your fucking hot mom."
"You mean...you have been wanting me too???" I said.
"Yeah mom...you are one hot piece of milf ass."
I now felt my pussy ready to explode. My whole body felt light and seemed to tingle from head to toe. My breathing was noticeably heavy and I had to hold my breath to control it.
*
We arrived home a few moments later and quickly moved inside the house, locking the door behind us.
We stood face to face in the hallway and just looked at each other.
Jake's eyes widened and his smile grew broader as his gaze studied my body. I too travelled my eyes over him. My handsome son looked so grown up in his suit. His hair ruffled and his face so young and yet so manly.
It had been nearly twenty minutes since we had danced at the bar and I had felt his cock get hard against me, but yet he still had an erection. It still pressed against the front of his trousers, creating an obscene but highly arousing sight.
We finally brought our eyes back together and he said,
"Mom..you look fucking amazing."
Giving him my best pouting lips look, I said.
"Well baby...tonight you can take a much closer look!"
I could see the overwhelming lust in my son's eyes, he looked ready to rip my clothes off me.
I too felt ready to take this final taboo step, after so much scheming and plotting I was finally gonna get fucked by that huge dick.
I stepped closer to him and looked straight in his eyes, then with a deep, firm, commanding, motherly voice, I said.
"Get up to bed baby...mommy is gonna come take care of you and that giant COCK."
Jake's face instantly became a picture of excitement and happiness. His eyes widened and his grin made him look like the Joker from Batman.
He turned and ran up the stairs, taking them two at a time.
"See you in bed mom!" he called back as he reached the top.
"I'm coming baby," I yelled back.
For a few seconds I stood still in the darkened hallway. I could hear Jake clonking about upstairs, but the rest of the house was silent.
My pussy tingled with anticipation as I contemplated what was about to happen. In just a few moments I would be taking that huge love stick in my hand and bringing it to full erection, then lowering my mouth around it....oh that would feel so good, and then finally I would do what most mothers would never even consider doing, I would lay down and spread my legs open, like some dirty whore, and allow my own son to plunge his massive cock right inside my pussy.
I had dreamt of this every moment of the day since I had seen that huge prick resting on his sleeping body that morning. Now I just needed to climb the stairs, enter his bedroom, get into his bed and take my beautiful son between my legs and get the most amazing fucking of my life.
I smiled to myself and swiftly moved up the steps.
*
I reached the open door to my son's bedroom and stood in the doorway. The curtains had been drawn shut but the light was on.
On the floor, strewn about from the door to the bed, were Jake's discarded clothes. Firstly his suit jacket, then his trousers were piled in a heap a few feet inside the room. His white shirt lay next to his bed and a pair of black boxers next to it.
Jake was resting on his side in the bed, covered by the duvet up to his chest. His right arm outside the covers, his handsome young face still smiling broadly.
I lowered my head down and lifted my eyes up, giving him a pouting, mischievous look.
"Are you ready for mommy Jake?" I asked in a deep seductive voice.
He simply nodded at me as I entered the room.
I walked over and stopped just a few steps from the bed. I had stood in this exact position that morning when I had been transfixed by his mammoth cock.
I fixed my gaze on my son's face and smiled as his eyes travelled down the length of my body and back up again.
I reached up and took the straps of my dress between my fingertips and slowly eased them over my shoulders. I lifted my arms and pulled them outside of the straps. Then taking a firm hold on the top of the dress I began to pull it down over my chest.
Jake's eyes were locked on my breasts as I pulled the dress over my heaving tits. My strapless black bra popped into view, I tugged the dress down and gave my son a full on view of his mother's boobs, barely contained under my bra.
"Oh wow mom," he said in a low groan.
I giggled slightly and kept my gaze fixed on his face. Seeing my young son enjoying the sight of me stripping made me even wetter. I was so horny and desperate to get into bed with him, but I wanted to prolong the anticipation for us both.
I eased the dress down over my stomach and held it at my hips.
"You like what you see baby?" I asked.
Jake tore his eyes away from my chest and looked up at me.
"Oh Jesus mom, you're so hot!"
I felt myself beaming with joy and satisfaction that my son was liking this so much.
I smiled and turned around, taking the dress back in my fingers.
I leaned forward and gently pulled the dress down, slowly exposing my ass to Jake. I stuck my butt out further than I really needed too, shoving it just inches from Jake's face.
He let out a low whistle as I slid the dress over my ample ass, revealing more and more of my lacy French underwear. As I leaned further over, my huge tits were practically falling out over the top of my bra, as I finally let the dress fall to the floor.
I stood back up straight and spun back around to look at my son. I placed my hands on my hips and looked down at him.
"Pull the covers off baby...Mommy wants to see that giant cock!"
Without a second thought Jake, whipped the duvet off of himself in one swift, decisive movement, revealing his young, muscled, naked body.
My eyes immediately went to his crotch.
"FUCK...THAT THING IS HUGE!" I said as my eyes locked onto his massive full on erection.
"Wanna play with it mom?" he said decisively.
"Holy shit baby...I have dreamed about this...mommy wants that cock so bad." I replied
"Well mom," He said, "Get your panties off and get into bed with me."
My heart pounded against my chest and a huge surge of excitement shot right through me, my legs were weak and I could sense my pussy burning with anticipation.
Keeping my gaze fixed on that huge hulk of man-meat. I took the band of my panties between my fingertips and swiftly ripped my panties down, showing my son, my shaven area.
I reached up and behind me and un-clipped the hook of my straining bra, which fell to the floor next to my panties.
Jake let out a cry, "SHIT MOM..THOSE TITS ARE FUCKING AWESOME."
I was so mesmerised by his huge cock, pointing straight up like a rocket, that I had not consciously noticed that he was now looking at me, stood before him, completely naked.
My passion and lust overtook me and I lunged forward, diving onto the bed, my tits slapping together and the bed springs creaking as I landed in an awkward heap over Jake's upper body.
I quickly writhed around so that I was lying flat out on top of him, our faces just inches apart and my tits crushed against his chest. I looked deep into my son's eyes and felt a huge sense of passion.
"MMMM baby that thing feels fucking massive," I said as I felt his huge hard on pressing against my stomach. "It feels like a baseball bat baby, Mommy can't wait to feel that thing right up inside me."
Jake wrapped his arms around my back and held me tight against his body, then looking deep into my eyes he said, "Mom, my big shaft of pussy pounding meat is all yours...I wanna fuck you senseless mom."
Hearing my son talk to me so lewdly only further excited me and I felt the urge to be just as dirty and lewd. As I moved my hips from side to side, feeling his massive snake rolling against my stomach, I said to him in my deepest, most seductive voice.
"Baby..I am so fucking horny, I want you to stick that big stiff jackhammer cock of yours right up my hungry wet cunt and give mommy the hard fucking that I need."
I then slammed my mouth against Jake's and slid my tongue in. I felt him exploring my mouth and touching the back of my throat. It sent lightening rods of pleasure down my spine. His hands roamed over my back and down to my ass where his strong fingers dug into my flesh.
My mind was a dazzling mix of insane lust and passion. The feeling of experiencing such a deep and intense kiss with my own son, while I could feel that huge slab of cock pressing against my stomach, was sending my senses into overdrive.
I ran my fingers through his hair and over the back of his neck, pulling his face tighter against mine, as our mouths remained locked and our tongues continued to dance.
After several moments, I lifted my lips away from his, breaking the most amazing kiss of my life, but I wanted to kiss something else.
"Oh fuck baby, I wanna suck that beautiful thing," I said still gazing deep into his eyes.
Jake smiled and simply said, "It's all yours mom."
I quickly rolled myself off of his body and laid against his side. My big tits flopped and shook as I collapsed over and rested them against his young body. I ran my eyes down his muscular frame and again brought my eyes to my new toy.
His magnificent big cock, now released from its squashed position against my stomach, stood tall and immensely stiff. The veins looked ready to explode, the bulbous head slightly wet with a tiny dribble of pre-cum, the huge shaft standing rigid as if made of solid steel. The sheer size of this monstrous specimen of manhood still took my breath away.
Reaching my hand across his stomach, I prepared to touch it for the first time. My hand shook as I edged slowly nearer to my son's mighty dick.
Glancing up to Jake's innocent looking face, he smiled down at me and said, "Go ahead mom...it's all yours."
Smiling, I returned my eyes to his crotch as I opened my hand wide and encircled the base of the massive pole, slowly closing my fingers around it. I felt the flesh of his cock pressing against the palm of my hand as I tightened my grip. My fingers were a good two inches apart and I could not get them any closer together, as I finally held my son's horse hung erection in my hand.
Letting out a gasp, I said out loud, "Jesus fucking hell Jake, this thing is the biggest, most beautiful, donkey dick in the world and it's my own son's. FUCK..this huge thing is gonna make mommy so happy!!"
Jake laughed and lifted his hand to my head, gently caressing my hair. "Thank mom...I'm glad you like it."
Glancing very briefly back up to him I said, "Like it baby, I love it!"
I slowly began to move my hand along the lengthy cock shaft, feeling his pulsing veins throbbing against my quivering hand. The steely rod, that I had planned and schemed to get my hands on, was finally mine.
With my eyes glued to the massive pole, I gradually increased the speed of my jacking off, and Jake began to moan out. I was so incredibly horny, my pussy burned with lust and hunger as I now furiously jacked him off.
"Yes baby," I said. "This huge fat snake belongs to mommy now....It's all mine and I am gonna have it all the time...Mommy wants her big boy's fat cock every day."
Through his groans of pleasure and with his eyes closed, Jake mumbled, "Yes mom...It's all yours."
Now pumping his overgrown tool in my hand, I lustfully watched his big heavy balls as they slapped against my hand. My son shaved his hair off down there and his cum filled balls looked so perfect.
"Oh yeah mom...make me cum...make me cum mom."
I looked up at his face and could see the contorted look a man gets just before he blasts a big powerful load. But I was not ready for him to unleash yet.
Feeling devilish and wanting to control my new lover, I quickly stopped jacking him off and released my grip from around the throbbing shaft.
As I let go of it, the giant lob of meat, slapped down heavy on Jake's stomach and bounced right back up in the air. His whole body learched forwards and his eyes flew open as his head jumped off the pillow.
Looking down at me with a stunned and desperate look he said, "Whats wrong...Why did you stop?"
I gave him a sly and naughty smile and replied, "Because this cock belongs to me now and I am not ready to receive its load just yet."
I had never felt this turned on or this dirty in my whole life. Just feeling some kind of power and control over my young hunky son was making me incredibly wet.
I leaned my head across his waist and brought my lips to within a few inches of his mighty shaft. Running my eyes up and down the big dick, I just opened my lips a little and allowed the tip of my tongue to reach out and make contact with the side of his cock.
I began to lift my head up and down off of the mattress, dragging the tip of my tongue from the base of his beef all the way up to the top.
"OH FUCK MOM THAT FEELS SO GOOD." He shouted as I began to bathe his cock.
Pre-cum formed on the tip and I was able to taste my son's musky liquid for the first time.
Several minutes of this tongue teasing continued as I savoured every second of this monster being in my control. Jake's hand pushed against the back of my head, trying to encourage me to put it in my mouth.
"Please mom...suck it...suck my big hard cock."
His deep groans, begging me to engulf the thick juicy head just made me even more lustful and eager to enjoy my new found toy.
I opened my mouth as wide as I could and brought my head up so that my mouth was just hovering above the head of his massive cock. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, ready to try and swallow as much of this donkey dick as I could.
"Do it Mom..Suck it good!" Jake moaned out as my lips connected with the sensitive cock-head.
My teeth grated on the skin and I began to work my tongue around it, slowly taking my boy's monster cock into my hot mouth. I lowered my head down as the thick shaft filled my mouth and quickly bumped against the back of my throat. It was so big and hard that I knew I was not going to be able to get very much of it in my mouth.
I opened my eyes and looked up at Jake. He was watching me, his own mother, mouthing his cock. He smiled and said,
"Fucking awesome Mom!"
With my hand tightly gripped around the shaft and my lips locked around it, I slowly pulled my head upwards, sliding the big dick back out of my throat, then dropping back down to take him again. I was doing something that I had been dreaming of ever since that first morning when I had seen this massive cock, I was giving my son, my own son, a dirty, wet blowjob!! And I was loving it.
I quickly settled into a steady rhythm, inhaling deeply as I drove it hard into my mouth and then slapping my hand against his balls as I whacked him off and withdrew his mighty cock back out, scrapping my teeth against the sensitive skin.
Jake began to moan loudly as he watched me sucking on his big bone. His cock tasted so nice. Little droplets of pre cum slavered over my fast flailing tongue and his juicy fat dick, so big and hard in my mouth, was like sucking a big lollypop.
"Oh baby..you like Mommy mouthing you off?"
I asked, as I quickly withdrew his big cock from my mouth and looked along my son's muscled body to his contorted face.
"Oh fuck yes Mom..OH YEAH...It feels amazing." He replied.
My hand continued to beat his meat for the few seconds that my mouth was without its hard filling...My fingers wrapped, but unable to close around the veiny whopper, slid effortlessly up and down, my fist banging repeatedly against his large balls. Then I opened my mouth wide and engulfed him again.
My spit by now, had covered the entire length of his man-sized pussy pounder. I continued to slobber all over it as I worked it in and out of my mouth, my young son's dick was getting a real good sucking from his dirty, big cock, loving mother.
"OH YEAH MOM..your a fucking great cocksucker!"
I was too involved in blowing my son too reply to his cries of pleasure. I had plotted and planned to get naked in bed with this gigantic piece of man-meat..I was engaging in incest to get my hands, and indeed my mouth, on the biggest cock I had ever seen. This cock was mine now..I had got him just where I wanted him and now I was gonna get what I so badly needed.
Jake's hands placed on the top of my head, pushing me down, forced a tiny bit more of his massive shaft down my throat. I gagged on it but it felt so wonderful to have my mouth completely stuffed with teenage cock.
My big tits swung around beneath me as I bobbed up and down, my erect nipples brushing against the bed sheets. My cunt was wet and I could feel my pussy muscles contracting with anticipation. I was nervous, excited and incredibly horny. I needed to feel Jake inside me, to have him actually fuck me and give me the major pussy pounding that I so desperately needed.
I had now been giving my son a dirty and very wet blowjob for the last 15 minutes. My hand was covered in my spit as I beat my fist along the entire length. His cock was gleaming and dripping wet, my saliva mixed with his tasty pre-cum.
I finally pulled my mouth away from the throbbing manhood, it made a loud and very lewd pop as it disengaged from my lips.
"Oh fuck mom...oh shit that is so amazing," Jake said as he looked down so lovingly at me.
I met his gaze and said in a deep and seductive voice.
"Baby..Mommy needs to be fucked hard..Stick this big monster right up my CUNT!!"
Jake wasted no time in sitting up and moving down the bed. I threw myself down and lay on my back as Jake moved above me. I splayed my legs wide open, allowing him to move between them, his horse sized prick swinging between his legs.
"Give it to me Jake..give me that fucking huge cock.."
"Do you want me to eat your pussy first Mom?" He replied with a smirk.
"NO BABY...I am so wet already..JUST FUCK ME JAKE..FUCK MOMMY HARD!!"
He smiled down at me as he lowered his chiselled frame onto me. I placed both my arms around his waist and took a firm grip on his tight young butt. He held his massive cock and guided it straight towards my pussy. I prepared myself for the giant invasion that was about to enter my cunt. My muscles clenched instinctively but I tried to relax.
"Ready Mom..Ready to be banged up hard by your own son??"
The cocky tone in Jake's voice as he hovered his cock just an inch or two from my fuck hole, made a surge of lust shoot through me. My son was teasing me, making me wait just a few more moments before he plunged his dick inside me and changed our lives forever.
"YES BABY..I AM SO READY..FUCK THAT WET CUNT JAKE...GIVE MOMMY THAT GREAT BIG COCK!!"
I dug my fingernails into the flesh of his ass and tried to pull him those few inches closer that would send his cock up me. At the same time I lifted my hips from the bed and threw my legs as far apart as I could get them.
"FUCK ME JAKE!!!" I cried out as the head of his big dick touched my puffy pussy lips.
He still had his hand wrapped around it and he lifted it several times and gave my wet cunt a few loud slaps with his hard meat.
I felt my pussy contracting as the tingles turned into little electric shock like feelings. Just then Jake stopped teasing me and I felt the lips of my labia opening up, being stretched apart by his thick dick.
I closed my eyes and let out a loud groan as Jake's big cock forced its way inside me.
"ARRRRR YES....OHHHHH....ARRRRRR!"
It felt as though my horse hung son was going to rip my pussy apart. He sunk his big length deeper inside me as my cunt muscles expanded to accommodate my boy's fuck stick.
"OH BABY...YOUR...SO...FUCKING....HUGE!!" I screamed as Jake plunged the depths of my hungry wet pussy.
I looked down and watched in amazement as his massive dick began to slide effortless in and out of my cunt.
"Oh Mom..we are doing it..we are actually having it off!!" He said.
"OH..FUCK YES JAKE...WE ARE..YOU ARE FINALLY FUCKING YOUR MOMMY WITH THAT BIG FAT COCK...ARRRR...YEAH!" I replied, becoming breathless.
I could feel the head of his monster bumping, quite painfully, against the very depths of my insides, then with a wet, sucking slurp, slide back out of my cunt. It was an indescribable feeling that was overcoming me..my boy's gigantic cock filling my pussy and stretching me wide open. It was a level of sexual pleasure that I had not felt before with any other lover.
"HARDER BABY...GIVE YOUR DIRTY, HORNY MOTHER A REAL GOOD FUCKING...ARRRR...OHHH."
I was always pretty wild in bed but my son and his massive dick had made me so horny, all I could think of was getting a good seeing too!
"You better hold on Mom!" Jake said in a commanding voice.
Looking straight up into his eyes as he rested his young body on top of me, squashing his chest against my big breasts, I replied,
"DO IT BABY..DO YOUR HORNY MOM..HARD...FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME WITH THAT JACKHAMMER COCK."
Just then, Jake thrusted his whole body forwards, forcing the final few inches of his big whopper into my pussy. I felt his heavy balls come to rest against my asshole.
"ARRRRRRRRRR FUCK...ARRRRRRR."
I screamed as my son went balls deep in my pussy. I dug deeper into the flesh of his ass, holding his body tight against mine.
"OH..YOU FUCKING..BIG BASTARD..YOUR..RIGHT UP THERE...ARRRRR...YOU BIG FUCKER...FUCK ME!!"
It was so amazing to be completely and totally filled with hard young cock. I thought about that big dildo I had bought because it looked like Jake's dick. I knew at this moment that I would never need that thing again..because now I had the real fucking thing..and it was buried right up my pussy.
Jake lifted his hips and I felt the mighty shaft pulling away from my clinging cunt muscles. He withdrew about seven or eight inches and then pounded it back in nice and hard. I clawed at his ass as he drilled me into the bed, plunging his massive big cock back into the balls.
"ARRRR..YEAH....OH FUCK....THAT'S IT...FUCK ME...FUCK ME."
My orgasmic screams filled the room as they mixed with the loud and lewd slapping sounds of our naked bodies banging together as we fucked. Jake let out some loud grunts as he got into a steady and very hard rhythm of pounding my pussy. My big tits flopped and slapped around as my whole body was continually jerked and thrusted by that baseball bat sized dick that was ramming my pussy.
"OHHHH...YOU BIG FUCKER...THAT...COCK IS FUCKING HUGE...RIP ME APART BABY...DESTROY THAT DIRTY WET CUNT WITH YOUR BIG MEAT STICK...ARRRRR....YEAH...YOUR FUCKING THE SHIT OUT OF ME BABY...ARRRRR...YOUR GONNA MAKE MOMMY CUM YOU NAUGHTY BOY....OHHHHHH.....FUUUUUCCKKK!"
The surge inside me came upon me without much warning and I erupted all over his pounding cock. My pussy exploded like no man had ever been able to make it do before. I reached my arms up and took a hold of his hair. I pulled hard and yanked his head back as I rode out my explosive orgasm.
"OUCH MOM...THAT FUCKING HURTS!" He yelled.
"ARRRR....OHHHHHH FUCK....THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR MAKING ME CUM...ARRRRR....YOU BIG DICKED FUCKER....ARRRRRR.....OHHHHHH!"
Another massive orgasm washed over me as Jake continued to wreck my pussy..bouncing his ass between my legs, clenching his butt muscles tight as he sent his huge balls banging against my soaking wet cunt, his balls repeatedly smacking on my ass.
"OHHHH....SHIT....YES....FUCK ME....FUCK ME....ARRRRR...GOD THAT COCK IS FUCKING FANTASTIC...JAKE...ARRRR....FUCK ME...YOU OWN THAT PUSSY NOW SO FUCK IT HARD....ARRRRR...SHOW IT THAT YOU ARE IN CHARGE....FUCK THAT CUNT AND OWN IT WITH THAT MASSIVE PRICK...ARRRR.....OHHHHHH....JAKE....YESSSSS!"
My son bought me to yet another cunt-gushing orgasm. The bed sheet beneath our pounding genitals was now soaking wet, as my juices were forced from my cunt by Jake's cock, as he relentlessly slammed in and out of me, his big cock, covered in my cunt cream.
I yanked Jake down by his hair and opened my mouth. His lips came colliding down against mine and I thrusted my tongue into his mouth. We kissed deeply, our tongues dancing together.
I brought my legs down and wrapped them around Jake's back, we were now locked together, his bouncing ass continuing to rise and fall as he drilled in and out of my pussy.
The bed beneath us was creaking wildly, under the strain of our hard fucking bodies. The metal bed frame was banging against the wall everytime Jake thrusted forwards, causing the bed to move and shake around. The sound of my muffled screams got lost in Jake's mouth and the only other sounds filling the room was the wet slapping noise of two horny people having sex!
I released the handfuls of Jake's hair from my fist and ran my hands over his big muscled shoulders then, scrapping my fingernails down his back, I bought them to rest on his hard, pounding ass.
Our mouths and tongues continued to mash together, my cunt juicing from yet another, big cock induced, orgasm. This was hard incest and I was absolutely loving it!!!
*
For almost half an hour we stayed like that. Jake fucking his dirty mother in the missionary position, quite literally slamming my big breasted body into the bed. My son was a real stud, he could fuck hard for so long without cumming. I found out later that he knew of a technique that involved the flexing of a muscle between his cock and his ass that delayed the eruption of spunk from those loaded big balls.
"OH YOU LITTLE FUCKER....SHIT...ARRRR...SO GOOD BABY...SO FUCKING GOOD...OHHHH...YOU ARE MOMMY'S BIG BAD BOY ARN'T YOU??...WHAT A FUCKING AMAZING COCK...KEEP GOING BABY...MAKE MOMMY CUM AGAIN....ARRRRR....YESSSSS.....FUCCCCCKKK!"
For about the seventh or eighth time, Jake bought me to another massive, screaming orgasm. My cunt exploded again, gushing over his hammering, big prick...One thing was certain, my son certainly knew how to get a horny woman off!!
I thought about getting him to change position, maybe to get bent over and let him pound me from behind??...or maybe to lay him back down and get my big boobs bouncing, while I ride up and down on that monster until it blasts my insides with hot spunk??...But I decided that all of that could wait..there was plenty of time to have my boy fuck me in every position I could think of..but right now I did not want him to stop for even a moment..I did not want that empty feeling when he would pull his whopper cock out of my well fucked pussy...I just wanted to keep him deep inside of me, fucking me, good and hard!
"OH YOU FUCKING WELL HUNG BASTARD...I FUCKING LOVE YOU BABY...AND THAT MASSIVE FUCKING COCK...ARRRR...OHHHHH YEAH...WRECK THAT DIRTY WET PUSSY....ARRRR.....OHH THIS IS WHAT I CALL A FUCKING GOOD HUMPING....ARRRR...MOMMY IS GONNA NEED A...LOT OF HARD HUMPING BABY...EVERY FUCKING NIGHT...ARRRR....YEAH...FUCKING HELL...OHHHHHH...."
Jake leaned his head down placed his mouth by my ear. In a deep and husky voice he replied.
"Don't worry Mom..from now on...I am gonna give you everything you need...every single day!"
This sent my cunt into another body rocking orgasm, draining the last bit of energy from my hard fucked and well pounded body.
"OH...FUCK....ARRR....OHHHH MY GOD....ARRRR." I cried out as my arms fell limp onto the bed beside me. I shut my eyes and felt totally drained. Jake must have sensed that he had fucked every bit of energy from my body and soul because he slowed his thrusting down and said,
"Are you ready to take my cum Mom?"
I simply nodded my head, too weak to even reply.
Jake swept his muscled torso up from my body and unplugged his massive hard cock from my pussy. It dropped out with a loud pop and I felt the sudden emptiness within me. My cunt contracted and throbbed with the sudden loss of cock to grip onto. My orgasmic juices that had remained in me, plugged by his cock, were now free to gush out of me, further soaking the already saturated sheet on the bed below me.
I opened my eyes to see Jake climbing astride me, his fist gripped around the dripping wet shaft of his cock. The angry looking bulbous head aimed straight at my face. I opened my mouth, thinking he was gonna blast his cum down my throat but he had other ideas for this load.
He slapped the heavy thick prick against the middle of my chest and gave me a firm voiced instruction.
"Squeeze your tits together Mom..I am gonna cum all over your big rack!"
I brought my hands onto the sides of my heaving breasts and pushed them together, my hard erect nipples pointing straight up towards my boys big erection.
"Fucking hell Mom I love your big tits...I have always wanted to see them covered in my cum!"
Smiling up at my son and with hardly any breath left in me, I replied, "Well...baby...they are..all yours now...give it to me Jake...give..Mommy that...hot young...spunk!"
Jake was jacking his cock, sliding his fingers up and down the huge fuck tool, bringing all that delicious gunk up from his balls, ready to erupt it all over my big titties.
I watched as he jacking off off just inches above my breasts, knowing that in just a few seconds I would see his cum firing out of that dick and splashing down on my creamy melons. I could not wait to be able to grab my tits and lick my son's spunk off them.
"OH MOM...HERE IT COMES...I AM GONNA CUM MOM...OHHH."
Then the first jet of white jizz came blasting out. It shot across my right tit and landed like a piece of rope, followed by a second big load, which reached above my breasts and fell just below my chin. I could instantly smell that unique odour of a man's cum as a third stream snaked its way across my breasts and ran down the sides. Several more blasts erupted out of his cock, leaving hot white lines of cum draped over my large rack.
"Oh baby..want a big load for Mommy...what a fucking stud you are son!" I said as he slowed his jacking down and shook the last few drops of spunk from his wet cock-head.
"Oh you dirty fucker...spunking all over your Mommy's great big Milfy tits...MMMMMM!" I said as I lifted my head up from the pillow, stuck out my tongue and moved my tits towards my mouth.
For the next several minutes, I slurped and licked my boy's love cream from my boobs, swirling it over my tongue and then swallowing, to let it slip down my throat. It tasted every bit as good as I knew it would, thick, creamy and salty...and I loved it.
Jake collapsed down on the bed beside me, his still very large, wet cock, smacking heavily against his stomach as he came to rest.
"Fucking hell Mom...what an awesome hot fuck you are..WOW!" He said satisfactorily. I turned my head to look him in the eyes and with a naughty, seductive tone in my voice replied,
"Baby..this is only the beginning!"
Chapter Four
'A New Day Dawns'
I awoke the next morning, with a wet and sticky feeling between my legs. My pussy felt so stretched and so well fucked.
Jake was asleep beside me, his arm wrapped over my shoulder. I was draped across his chest, my big tits squashed into him. I had my left arm over his washboard stomach and my head rested on his shoulder.
I smiled widely to myself, reminiscing about last night. How my son's massive cock had felt buried to the balls in my pussy. How he had pumped and pounded his horny mother to so many hard orgasms and then blasted my tits with his spunk. Oh yes I had been fucked good and hard by my well endowed son..and I wanted a lot more!
I looked down his muscular body and instantly saw that he had a great big morning hard-on. It was raised up slightly from his stomach and reached to just below where my arm was rested. I moved my arm to get a good look at that thick, hard cock. The veins bulged all around it, the skin still gleaming in the dried fuck juices from my pussy. The head aimed straight towards me, a slight drip of pre-cum just edging out.
I looked up and saw Jake was still sound asleep, so peaceful after last night when he had been so intently and furiously banging me. I smiled again and returned my gaze to his magnificent, big cock. In the daylight that now shone through the window, I could see this monster in all its glory, just as I had done on that morning when I first saw just what a 'big boy' he was!
The desire to place my lips back around it and give him a good sucking, was proving too great. My pussy twitched as I moved my hand down and gently wrapped my fingers around the shaft, lifting it up from its slumbering position against his stomach.
I crawled downwards and opened my mouth as wide as I could. It took some stretching to get this mighty fucker in my mouth. I inhaled deeply and slid my tongue around the head. I could still taste my pussy on my son's cock...MMMMM.
Jake moved as I sucked it into my mouth, gently scrapping my teeth down the hard meat stick.
"Oh Mom..ohhhh!"
He groaned out, as he awoke to see his mother mouthing him off. I did not stop blowing him as I lifted myself up and moved between his legs. I could now look up and see him watching me. I gave him a wink and then closed my eyes, indulging in his massive dick.
I had always loved giving blowjobs, although my husband's cock had not really been big enough for me to properly enjoy. I think there is nothing better than getting a grip around a big fat hard-on and slurping and spitting all over it, working your tongue up and down that shaft, dribbling over a big pair of balls and mouthing off a man until he shoots cum in your mouth. But this morning, I had the biggest cock I had ever seen to play around with and slobber all over.
I worked my fist up and down the throbbing shaft, feeling the veins passing across my fingers, my head bobbing up and down as I took his big dick to the back of my throat. He groaned out with pleasure, placing his hand on the top of my head and pushing me further onto his giant cock.
"Oh fuck Mom...Oh shit yeah that feels so good...MMM yeah suck my big cock!"
Popping his prick from my mouth I looked up at him and with a satisfied smile I replied,
"Morning Baby..Don't worry Mommy is gonna take care of my BIG BOYS morning wood!"
I then opened my mouth wide again and took him back past my lips.
*
For twenty minutes, I sat on my heels between my son's legs and mouthed off his great big cock. I had Jake at my mercy as he lay there, stretched out on the bed, being given a deep-throated blowjob by his dirty, horny mother.
"Oh Mom..you are the best cock-sucker I have ever seen...you look amazing down there with your mouth full of cock." He said.
Through my gagging, throaty, wet noises, I made a "ARRHAA" sound of agreement. I knew I was good at sucking cock, especially when I had such a big one to suck on.
Then Jake drew his hips hard into the mattress and tried to lift my head off of his dick.
"I wanna fuck you Mom!" He said in a commanding voice.
His demand instantly made my already wet pussy, practically gush with the anticipation of taking his huge fucker back inside me.
"Let me ride you baby," I said, as I moved up and placing my hands on his muscular thighs held him down.
He lifted his arms and took a hold of my hips as I brought my legs over his lap and hovered above his wet cock. It pointed straight up towards my pussy, all ready for me to sit down and slide deep up inside me.
"Right now darling...Mommy is gonna bounce on this fat pussy fucker and I want you to spank me..I like getting smacked while I ride a big dick!"
Jake responded by lowering his hands from my hips and grabbing two handfuls of my ample ass. I felt a surge of pleasure run up my spine as his fingernails dug into my flesh. I reached my hand down under my pussy and placed my fingertips on the head of his cock, holding the big baseball bat steady as I bought my wet pussy towards it.
I held it on my cunt lips, just lightly stroking it against my clit, coating the bulbous head with my juices. I looked down on my son, his gaze fixed on the sight between my legs.
"Just how big is this fucker Jake..Have you ever measured it?" I asked.
"12.3 inches," he replied, very matter-of-factly.
"FUCK!" I said with a wide eyed smile.
I knew he was big and I knew it was around the foot long mark, but to actually hear him say it..12.3 INCHES...fuck I almost came there and then. With a schoolgirl like giggle, I said,
"OH YOU BIG HUNG FUCKER JAKE...Where the hell did you get the big cock genes from..it certainly wasn't from your dad...you are more than twice the size he was...God...MOMMY'S HORSE HUNG SON!"
With that I allowed my pussy to drop down, my cunt lips parting wide and tightly wrapping around the thick shaft.
"ARRRRRRR FUCK ARRRRRR!!"
I cried out, as my pussy was again filled to max with his large cock...indeed with his 12 INCH COCK.
"ARRRRR...OHHHH.....MMMMMM....THAT'S IT BABY...OH THAT THING IS SO FUCKING HUGE...ARRRRRR..."
My screams were broken by three loud slaps.
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP
Jake's hands came crashing down on my ass in three quick successive smacks that sent shivers up my spine.
"OH YES JAKE..SLAP MY ASS...SPANK YOUR DIRTY, COCK HUNGRY MOM...ARRR.."
So again...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP!!
I was moving my hips up and down, continually engulfing and fucking myself on his great big dick. I tapped my bum against his balls as I took all 12 inches of his dick in me.
"OH FUCK MOM...FUCK MY BIG DICK," He cried out as I picked up the pace.
I began to slap my ass against his thighs as my big tits jumped and bounced around. I pressed my hands into his chest to leverage myself up. It took a lot of effort in my legs and arms to be able to bounce high enough on his dick to then enjoy the full force of it as I thrusted back down on it, bumping the very depths of my cunt.
The room, which reeked of sex, now filled again with the lewd slapping sounds of mother and son incest, as I crashed my ass repeatedly down on his tight young body. My orgasmic screams of pleasure and the squeaking of the bed just added to the dirty sights and sounds in that bedroom.
"OHHH YEAH..I FUCKING LOVE...YOUR BIG, FAT COCK JAKE...OH...IT FUCKS MOMMY'S PUSSY SO...GOOD....ARRRR..."
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP....SLAP
Jake again sent his hands forcefully against my butt, spanking me hard as I rode his dick. That was enough to send me over the edge.
"OHHHH YESSSSSS.....OHHHHHH."
I reached my first screaming orgasm of the day, my cunt exploding over his cock, my juices squirting out of my cunt as his dick acted like a plunger in my dripping hole.
"OOOOOHHHH JAKE...YEAH...OHHHHH...YOU GIVE MOMMY SUCH...AMAZING ORGASMS...ARRRRRR...YESSS!"
Jake dug his fingers into my bubbly butt and rammed his hips upwards, slamming his cock right into me. Then he held me rigid, not allowing me to move, keeping his big prick buried in me to the balls.
"Hold on Mom..cause now I am gonna FUCK YOU!!" He said.
He moved his hands to my hips and with his big muscular arms, raised me up from his cock. Holding me in mid air, with about six inches of cock hanging out of my wrecked pussy, he then slammed his hips upwards and drilled his monster right back in me.
He held me tight and picked up a furious pace, banging my busty body really hard with his massive big cock.
I tried to steady myself but I could not get a grip on anything and I ended up wrapping my hands around my wildly bouncing boobs, squashing them together. I was completely at the mercy of the power and control of my teenage son. He was pounding the fuck out of me and all I could do was ride it out...screaming!
"ARRRRR.....ARRRRRRRR....FUCK ME JAKE.....ARRR YESSSS....FUCK ME....OH..SHIT...SHAFT ME SON....GIVE IT...TO YOUR...HORNY FUCKING MOTHER....ARRRRRR....OHHHH.YESSSSS....FUCK ME!"
My ass slapped and whacked repeatedly against his thighs, his big balls banging hard against me flesh. The loud smacking of our bodies was almost as noisy as my screams. He relentlessly screwed my big breasted body, sending me to several more big orgasms.
His stamina and pace was truly amazing..he could not only fuck me for so long without cumming, but he's shear ability to grab hold of me and use my body to shove his cock into hard and fast, without seemingly getting tired, was nothing short of stunning...there was absolutely no doubt about it...my teenage son was a fucking, god like, stud.
For over half an hour, he pounded me, sometimes stopping to let me take over the pace, when I resumed bouncing my jiggering, hard slapping, ass against his legs. His hands would wander from my hips upto my big jugs, where he would cup them in his firm hands and then use his thumb and forefinger to tweak my erect nipples.
"OH YES JAKE...TWIST MY NIPPLES...PULL ON MY TITS...PLAY WITH THOSE BIG MOMMY BREASTS...ARRRR..."
Jake lifted his back up from the bed and brought his head to my chest. Then opening his mouth he sucked in my tit, swirling his fast-moving tongue around my nipples. It felt so amazing to have my hunky son mouthing my big tits again, just like when he was little. The only difference now was that while he did it, I had his 12 inch whopper, fucking in and out of my hot pussy!
He moved his mouth and tongue from one breast to the other, taking as much of my tit-flesh into his mouth as he could manage. I placed my hands on his head and ran my fingers through his hair, pulling him tighter into me, almost smothering him with my mounds.
I grinded my hips back and forth on his throbbing cock, working it around inside my pussy, covering it good in my juices. My pussy clung tightly around the big shaft, my muscles flexing and clenching around it. As I stirred my insides with 12 inches of teenage man-meat, I could feel another big orgasm about to hit me. I wrapped my arms around Jake's head and held him tight against me.
"OHHH...MOMMY IS GONNA CUM AGAIN....ARRRR...YES...BABY....OH YOUR BIG COCK...ARRRRRR....SUCK THOSE TITS...ARRRR....CUMMMING!!"
I squashed my cunt against his balls as I erupted again. The sheet of the bed, was given a fresh coat of pussy juice, as it oozed its way past my son's cunt ripping cock.
I again was overcome with that same feeling of exhaustion that I had, had last night, that totally drained feeling that a woman only experiences after being destroyed hard by a great big, donkey cock. My son had done it again...he had literally screwed me senseless. I could feel nothing apart from the massive cock still tearing at my insides. My legs felt heavy and I no longer had the energy to lift myself up and down on his cock. I kept my arms wrapped around his head and allowed him to use his powerful lower body muscles to thrust me hard.
"ARRR BABY....OH....SHIT....YOU ARE KILLING ME....ARRRRR...YOU BIG BASTARD...YOU ARE WRECKING ME BABY....OHHHHH!"
He removed his mouth from my rack and looked up at me with that innocent, doey-eyed look that he used to give me when he was younger and said,
"Do you want my cum Mom...Right up your...pussy?"
An image flashed in my mind's eye, the image of that cock, buried up my fuck hole, exploding its mighty and potent load. All that boy cum shooting deep inside me...good job I was on the pill..heaven knows how easily Jake could get me pregnant with his spunk!
"OHHH...YES JAKE...DO IT...CUM IN ME...FILL ME WITH YOUR CUM BABY...GIVE ME A NICE BIG BELLY FULL!" I yelled.
Jake lowered his hands from my tits and placed them around my back and down to my fat ass. He then took hold and again resumed pounding and thrusting his dick inside me. I screamed as I felt his balls stiffen below me and his cock flex and twitch inside my pussy.
His face went into a contorted and twisted expression as I felt the unmistakable warmth of hot cum filling my cunt. It surged inside me and blasted deep up my womb. Jake spread my bum cheeks apart, holding me wide open, as his cum made wet squelching sounds oozing out of my dripping hole.
"OHHHH YES BABY...I CAN FEEL IT...GIVE IT ALL TO MOMMY....FILL THAT WET CUNT WITH YOUR CUM....OH YES...I LOVE THAT BABY...DUMP IT ALL UP MOMMY'S CUNT!"
It felt as though my insides were being flooded. All I could feel was hot, thick cum pumping around me, my boy filling my pussy.
I held him tight against my boobs, burying his face back between my rack. We stayed there for some time, both coming down from the sexual and orgasmic high of our fuck session. My pussy, still crammed full of his teenage truncheon, had again been given one hell of a servicing by my very own son.
"Oh baby...Oh my big baby boy...you gave Mommy such a good seeing too...Oh god...I am getting addicted to that very big cock of yours...Oh Jake my pussy is fucking soaking wet."
Jake responded by pulling his face out of the deep cavern between my tits and looking up at me he said,
"How about I eat it for you Mom?"
"Eat what!" I replied.
"Your pussy Mom...let me suck on your pussy!" He said with an insistent tone.
Of course there was nothing I would have liked more than to let Jake lick me out, but all of his cum was mixed with my own juices up there, surely he would not want to eat his own cum??
"Oh Baby..you will eat my pussy good and proper..but I better get cleaned up a bit first..unless you wanna suck your own spunk out of me?"
"It's alright Mom..I have tasted my own cum before!!" Jake replied.
I looked my son in the eyes with a look of shock and surprise and then said,
"REALLY...You have?"
"Yeah sure...when you have a dick as big as I do it tends to go all over the place. One day I blew a load over myself and it hit me in the face..so I tasted it."
There was something about hearing this confession from my son that made me so hot. My heartbeat seemed to quicken as he talked about it.
"Well," I said after a moment's pause, "Did you like how you tasted?"
"It was Ok I guess...a bit salty!" he replied.
Without saying another word but with a naughty grin on my face, I pulled myself up to a standing position. His big cock, still semi hard popped out of my pussy and as it did last night, a big dollop of his cum dripped from my pussy and fell onto the bed.
"LAY DOWN," I said in my best authoritative and mistress-like voice.
Jake did as I told him too, lying back flat on the mattress.
I then brought my right leg over his body and placed my foot beside his head. I then brought the left leg over and placed it next to him, so that I was standing astride his face.
He looked up, straight into the wet, spunky cunt that he had just been fucking so good.
"Alright then buster," I said as I looked down on his handsome face, "Give your dirty Mother's pussy a real nice licking!"
I then bent my knees, lowering myself down onto him. He opened his mouth and a little drop of cum fell onto his tongue.
As I landed my ass onto his chin, bringing my weight down on him, he immediately began a tongue onslaught against my pussy, sliding and rolling his lips across my wet gash and then when he connected with my clit button it felt as though I was going to orgasm again straight away.
"OH YES BABY...EAT THAT PUSSY...MMMMM!"
Jake's mouth completely sucked in my pussy, he totally encased it with his lips, his tongue working it over and probing at my gaping hole.
I pushed my ass into his face, grinding down on his hot slurping mouth. I could feel his tongue licking out the cum, his mouth acting as a vacuum as he sucked me dry.
"OH JAKE....OH MY GOD...YES....BABY....OHHHHH....MMMMMM...YEAH..MUNCH ON MOMMY'S CUNT....OH FUCK YOU ARE GOOD AT THAT...OHHHHH...MY LITTLE CUNT MUNCHER SON..OH YEAH...MMMMM...YOUR GONNA MAKE ME CUM JAKE....OHHHHHHH...ARRRRRR!"
His mouth sucked and licked at my pussy as I gushed into his waiting mouth, giving my son my orgasm. I grabbed hold of his hair with both hands and yanked his head up from the pillow, burying his face even deeper into my snatch.
I grinded and rocked my pussy across his face, coating his chin and his nose in my goo. I looked down, past my heaving tits, to see the amazing sight of my teenage son's head trapped under my body, my well spoiled pussy being relentlessly eaten as I rode his mouth hard.
"OH BABY...OHHHH YES....YOU DIRTY BOY...ARRRR...SUCK IT ALL OUT JAKEY..EAT MOMMY'S FILTHY PUSSY...OHHHH....MMMM..YES!"
Jake did not stop after making me cum either. He kept sucking and licking like crazy, lapping at my clit and beating my labia with his tongue. Was there nothing this boy did not do well in bed?? He was just the perfect lover in every sense.
He brought me to yet another orgasm before I finally fell, exhausted, from his face.
I had been fucked and sucked by my teenage son, made to orgasm so many times that I could hardly hold myself up. I felt weak, almost feint and as I collapsed on the bed beside him.
For a few moments we both just lay there side by side, both breathing heavily. Jake must of been struggling to breathe, his mouth and nose covered by my cunt. Neither of us said anything for some minutes.
Finally I managed to turn on my side, draping my arm across his chest, covered in sweat. I put my face beside his and cuddled in tight. He moved his arm up onto my leg and lightly but very sensually, stroked his fingers along my thigh.
I looked at his face all gleaming with our fuck juices. He had really sucked my pussy and the evidence was smeared across his face. His lips shone like he was wearing lip gloss. He looked at me and smiled like the cat that got the cream...which of course, he just had!
"Oh baby..that was amazing..Now that is what I call a serious morning fuck session..I love you so much Jake!"
I was so attracted to my son at that moment. It was a deep love that joined a mother's love for her son with a love that you feel for a partner. A wonderful sense of pride in the manly stud that I had raised and the joy at knowing he was all mine to play with whenever I wanted. At that moment nothing in the world could have taken away the total satisfaction and overwhelming contentment that filled my heart.
Incest may be wrong in many people's eyes..but in mine..it meant only sexual fulfilment of finding that really big cock that I had always craved and the lover that could take me to sex heaven again and again...the fact it was my own son that did it, well, that made it all the more sweeter.
"Look at your face...its all wet and sticky...I think Mommy should lick it all off..don't you baby?" I said, with a naughty tone to my voice.
Jake nodded and closed his eyes.
I opened my mouth and pushed out my tongue. I placed it on his chin and slowly worked my way around his whole face, lapping and tasting the salty mixture that clung to his skin.
Then as I swept my tongue over his lips, he parted them and joined his tongue to mine. Our mouths locked together and we enjoyed a deep and very passionate kiss.
This was true love and lust, between a Mother and her Son!
*
The next week passed in a blur of sex and spunking. We could hardly keep our hands off of each other. I had more sex in that week than I had throughout all the years of my marriage.
We screwed in the kitchen, when I was making breakfast. He would come up behind me, slip his arms around my waist and press his large erection against my ass, ending up with me bending over the kitchen table and taking a major 12 inch pounding from behind...as well as getting my bum slapped hard by my son's firm hands.
We had it off in the living room while watching T.V. It would start with us sitting together cuddled up on the sofa, enjoying a little French kiss, but before long we would both be naked and I would be bouncing up and down on his dick, slapping my big tits in his face and filling my pussy with cum.
In the bathroom, I would climb into the shower with him and soap up his big, fat whopper, smacking it around under the warm, cascading water. Then after we had splashed around for long enough, Jake pinned me against the wall and nailed his big breasted mother with that foot long cock.
Of course, my favourite time of day was always bedtime. When we climbed into that big bed, because of course, Jake had moved permanently into my room. Sometimes I would already be butt naked when I got in there, or sometimes I would be dressed up in some naughty underwear that I had brought.
I became a regular visitor to that shop where I had purchased the dildo. I started buying up the lacy, see through negligees and underwear that showed off my big tits and rounded ass. I even brought a naughty schoolgirl outfit which I was saving for Jake's birthday...and boy did I get a spanking when he saw me wearing that..not to mention the 12 inch shafting he gave my pussy!!
In bed we would get down and dirty for hours sometimes, before falling asleep in each other's arms and then fuck again in the morning, when Mommy would always take care of that big morning hard-on.
I was getting more and more used to the amazing feelings of getting my pussy battered by Jake's big balls...his two wrecking balls smashing against my ass as he fucked me to orgasm after orgasm. I loved taking his big loads over my boobs and then licking it off of them..or if I was a really'bad'mommy, getting it blasted all over my face and straight down my throat.
We had become total, sex crazed, incestuous fuckers...Mother and son 'Going at it' night and day....and there was only one thing left for us to do..find out just how much of that massive, pussy pounding cock I could take...RIGHT UP MY ASS!!
*
Outside a storm raged. The winds gusted at speeds of around 80mph and lashed against the house. The windows creaked under the strain and the door of the house shook as it was rattled by the wind. It had been a cold day and the storm had swept in at just after six o'clock in the evening. The local news was telling everyone to baton down the hatches and be prepared that the power may go out.
Not that any of this really bothered me and my son. We had eaten dinner at just before seven, talking about what we were planning to do later that night. After weeks of hardcore, Mother and son, huge cock, fucking, we had decided that tonight was the night when Jake would stuff that massive donkey dick right up his mommy's curvy ass.
After dinner we had gone straight up to bed, turning all the lights off downstairs. In the silence of the house, the heavy rain falling against the windows and the loud roar of the howling winds, drowned out my little giggles and laughs as my strapping son carried me up to our bedroom.
We had both got naked in the kitchen, our clothes strewn about in a trail that ended with my panties at the foot of the stairs. Jake's cock was already rock hard, banging and slapping against my bum as he held me in his arms. I had my hands locked around his neck, our mouths and tongues dancing together as we kissed.
Having reached the top, Jake carried me over the 'threshold' as it were to our bed, where tonight I was gonna get reamed up the ass by the biggest cum gun ever.
Jake threw me down onto the bed, my tits slapping around as I landed and bounced on the mattress. The frame, which had been certainly put through its paces lately, whacked against the wall behind it.
Jake literally jumped on me, his huge dick swinging about and smacking me in the face.
"HEY," I cried out, "Watch where your putting that fat fucker..you nearly had my eye out!"
Jake laughed as he lay down on the bed, pulling me on top of him.
"I love you Mom!" He said, before shoving his tongue back in my mouth.
I writhed my naked, big breasted body, around on him, feeling that gigantic cock wedged under my stomach. I felt Jake's hand come down heavy and hard on my ass, spanking me several times, before I broke the kiss.
"OUCH..you little fucker..don't slap it too hard!" I said firmly.
Jake laughed out loud and then, placing both his hands on my butt and grabbing hold of my flesh, he forcefully spread my ass cheeks open and held them wide apart.
"Your ass is gonna get more than a spanking tonight Mom!" He said.
I gently bit my lower lip and groaned loudly, feeling his fingers digging into my ample bum, stretching it as far as he could. Our mouths met again and we tongued each other.
My asshole felt cold, exposed to the cool air of the room rather than hidden between my bubble ass cheeks. My pussy, which had not been fucked since that morning, was getting wet.
I bought my legs astride his hips and dug my knees into the bed. His big cockler brushed against my cunt and I grinded down hard, trapping it between my legs.
Breaking the kiss again, I looked down at my son, our faces just inches apart and said,
"Baby...before you start fucking my other hole..my pussy could sure use a good seeing too first!"
"Yeah Mom...want ever you want is fine!" He replied.
I loved how my son wanted to please me, giving me anything I asked for. I quickly rolled off of him, releasing his monster from under my hot pussy. He too had to let go of my ass as I fell to the bed beside him.
"Bend me over Jake...come and fuck that massive stick up my dirty wet cunt!!"
I scrambled onto my hands and knees, shoving my ass back towards him. I felt his hands take hold of my hips and I dug my fingers into the bed sheet, preparing for another big, 12 inch pounding.
"FUCK ME JAKE...FUCK ME HARD WITH THAT BIG DICK...THEN YOU CAN SHOVE IT UP MY ASS!"
"You bet Mom!" He replied.
Within seconds he had rammed it all the way up my pussy, his big balls pressing against my butt.
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...
His hands first beat several times against my fat, jiggling backside, before his reached underneath me, taking a grip around my wild flapping titties. Jake ploughed me with his huge cock, pumping it deep inside me.
I began my loud orgasmic screams, meeting the same pitch as the wind, howling and whistling outside the window.
"ARRRRR YESS....FUCK...GIVE IT TO ME JAKE...YEAH THAT'S IT....OHHHH FUCK ME...FUCK ME THAT BIG HARD COCK...ARRRRR!"
The bed creaked loudly as my knees and hands were thrusted against the mattress. The slapping sounds of sex, which had become a daily noise in this room, again now bounced off the walls.
Jake pumped and pounded my pussy to a hard orgasm within a few minutes, which gushed all over his cock and ended up dripping onto the bed below us.
"ARRRR OOHHHHH SHIT.......YES BABY....OHHH YOU...MAKE MOMMY...CUM SO FUCKING..HARD...ARRRRR....GOD THAT BIG COCK SURE...KNOWS HOW TO MAKE MY PUSSY...CUM...OHHHHH YEAH FUCK IT YOU WELL HUNG LITTLE BASTARD...FUCK YOUR...MOMMY."
Jake followed my incestuous instructions and proceeded to demolish my wet pussy. His huge, fully loaded balls smacked repeatedly against my ass. He released his hold on my big tits and allowed them to swing freely below me. His hands then came crashing down on my bum.
SLAP....SLAP....SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP
"YOU ARE ONE FUCKING DIRTY BITCH MOM!!" He yelled at me.
Fuck I loved it when he talked dirty to me.
"OH YES BABY...TELL ME JAKE...TELL MOMMY HOW BAD SHE IS!" I replied.
Without missing a single thrust of his pussy beater deep inside me and while he continued to make my ass red with his firm smacks, he told me...
"YEAH YOU LOVE THAT DON'T YOU MOM...YOU LOVE GETTING FUCKED HARD BY MY GREAT BIG COCK...YOU HAVE WANTED MY BIG FUCKER UP YOU FOR YEARS HAVEN'T YOU?? YOU ARE SUCH A FUCKING SLUT MOM...BENDING OVER TO GET FUCKED BY YOUR OWN SON..YOU ARE SO FUCKING DIRTY MOM!"
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...SLAP
My cunt muscles contracted and flexed around the massive shaft as it ripped through my pussy. My son's dirty talk had bought me to the edge of another big orgasm. The hard pounding fuck he was giving me and the slaps to my ass, was enough to send me over the edge again.
"OHHHHHHH....ARRRRRRRR.MMMMMMMM.....ARRRRR..JAKE....OH JAKE...YES..FUCK YOUR DIRTY MOTHER....ARRRRR....I AM A TOTAL SLUT FOR MY BOY...OHHHHH....FUCKING HELL THAT COCK IS SO BIG....MMMMMM!"
I rode out the hard orgasm, sending my uncontrollable juices hurtling around his cock as it plunged in and out of me with unbelievable speed. Jake never had to slow his pace and never seemed to get tired. He was in the peak of physical condition and was putting it to very good use. I think having it off with his horny mother everyday was providing him with a really great workout!
Then all of a sudden his stopped dead, holding his big dick, balls deep inside me.
"OHHH..NO HONEY....DON'T STOP...KEEP FUCKING ME JAKE!"
But he didn't. I felt him pull back from me, withdrawing his monster from my soaking wet cunthole and unleashing a torrent of my fuck juices, squirting onto the bed.
"Mom...where is that big dildo...the one you said looks like my cock?" Jake asked.
I looked back over my shoulder, flicking my hair out of my face and breathlessly replied,
"It's..in the...bottom drawer...over there!"
I nodded my head towards the bedside table and Jake swiftly moved off the bed. I could hardly hold myself up on my hands and knees, finally caving in and falling flat on the bed. I turned over and lay on my back just in time to see that Jake had removed my big dildo from the drawer. I had not seen it in a while as I had not needed to use it since we started fucking, but seeing my son stood there now holding it in his hands, made me remember why I had brought it in the first place.
Jake looked down at me and smiled.
"So you went and got this to fuck yourself with and then used it thinking about my cock!" He said with an arrogant tone.
"Yes," I replied. "It looked like yours."
Jake lowered his hands down and moved the dildo so that was positioned next to his rock-hard, pussy wet, gleaming, big dick. I watched as he placed them side by side to compare them.
"Well, I can see why you thought they looked the same." He said.
I could instantly see that the dildo was not quite as long as Jake's dick and not as thick, but it was a pretty good match. I could feel my pussy contracting, missing the hard cock that had been fucking it so hard. So I looked up at my son and said,
"So now you have seen it...could you get back to fucking your mother...my pussy is not fully satisfied yet!"
Jake smiled and with a cocky tone in his voice again replied,
"Yeah Mom...I will keep fucking your pussy...but thisthing.." he said as he held the big dildo up in the air..."Is going UP YOUR ASS!!"
I gasped loudly and my eyes flew wide open, as he moved back onto the bed, opening my legs up so he could crawl between them.
"You mean...DOUBLE PENETRATION??" I asked, shocked.
"Huuhum" He mumbled, just as his tongue came out of his mouth and swept up the length of my gash, slurping the wet juices into his mouth.
I laid my head on the bed and closed my eyes, as my son worked my well fucked pussy over with his tongue. Images of Jake's massive cock hammering my buttery hole while that 'big bully' dildo got shoved up my bum, filled my already lusty mind. Could I do it? Could I really get DP'd by them both? Surely Jake's cock would be all I could take...that dildo ripping my ass in two would be too much, even for a dirty bitch like me!!
I locked my legs around Jake's shoulders and clenched in tight, grasping my son's head between my legs as he munched off my pussy. He had managed to get his hand in there and was playing with my clit button, flicking and strumming it while he sucked on me.
"OH YESS....OHH JAKE....YES EAT THAT CUNT BABY....OH YES...ARRRRR....OHHHHHHHH.....MMMMMMM...EAT IT YOU DIRTY LITTLE FUCKER...OHHHHHH!
I orgasmed again, sending my juices flowing straight into my son's waiting mouth, his tongue slapping and devouring my meaty pussy. I instinctively grinded my hips upwards and hard against his face, working my pussy around in circles on his mouth.
It was several minutes more before I relaxed the muscles in my legs, unlocking Jake from my motherly grasp. I sat straight up and grabbed his arm. I pulled him towards me and stuck out my tongue. I licked his face and tasted the warm, sweetness of my pussy. His tongue met mine and we kissed deeply, our mouths joining and sliding together.
I felt his hands reach around me, as we held each other tight. He placed them on my fat butt and he squeezed hard, before forcefully ripping my cheeks apart, sending a shiver up my spine.
Remaining in our deep passionate kiss and with my arms locked behind his back, I pulled myself backwards, dragging Jake down on top of me. For several moments we just lay in each other's arms kissing like Mother and sons should not.
Then he broke his mouth away from mine.
"Mom...its time I got that ass of yours stretched open!" He said commandingly.
Lost in sexual lust and love for my son, I simply nodded and threw my whole body over, flipping myself onto my stomach and back up onto my hands and knees.
I was excited and scared. I knew all too well the amazing feeling of having my pussy spread wide and taking either the dildo or Jake's very real cock up there...but to accommodate them in my butt was a whole other game.
"Go gentle baby...this might really fucking hurt my little asshole!"
Jake said nothing as I felt my bum being opened wide again. A second or two passed before I suddenly felt a warm draft hit between my cheeks, followed a second later by the unmistakable wet tongue of my son's, coating my butthole.
"OHHHHH MY GOD....OHHH YES BABY....OHHH FUCK YES!!"
His tongue worked around the rim of my shitter and his wet saliva soon had it coated over. I could feel the spit dribbling down my crack and over my cunt. My son was licking his mother's asshole...and it felt fucking amazing!!!
"OHHHH YES JAKE...EAT MOMMY'S ASS...OHHH YEAH...GET IT WET FOR THAT BIG DILDO...OHHHH YESSS....EAT IT JAKEY!"
My cries drummed out the beating of the wind as it lashed against the windows. Outside in the cold night air, Mother Nature was whipping up one heck of a storm...and in this bedroom, this horny Mother was also whipping up a storm, but of a very different kind!
I reached my right arm around behind me and managed to take hold of Jake's hair. I gently pulled it towards me, encouraging him to shove his face deeper between my well spanked and reddened cheeks. I looked over my shoulder and matched the image of my son's face buried between my ass, with the amazing sensation of having that hunky teenager lapping his tongue around my butthole.
"OH YES BABY..I FUCKING LOVE THE FEEL OF THAT...OHHHH YEAH EAT MY ASS JAKE...MMMMMM!"
His tongue worked me over for several amazing minutes. His fingers stroking and flicking my clit as he did so, I grinded my ass back as hard as I could, wedging his face between my cheeks. I was giving my son a real ass-meal!
Then suddenly he pulled away, leaving his spit trickling down over my cunt and dripping down onto the bed.
"You are gonna get it now Mom," He said in that commanding and dominant voice.
"YEAH FUCKING GIVE IT TO ME BABY..GIVE ME THAT BIG COCK RIGHT UP THERE!" I screamed back at him.
Jake kneeled up behind me, aiming his throbber between my bent over buttocks. I held onto the edge of the bed tightly, as Jake shoved his monster fuck-stick right back inside my wet pussy.
My muscles contracted and clung to the 12 inch shaft as his balls tapped against my cunt. For a few moments, Jake did, as he had done so many times lately, drilled and pounded my pussy with his fat dick. Fucking and fucking me hard from behind.
"OHHHH YEAH...FUCK ME JAKEY....FUCK YOUR.....YOUR DIRTY MOTHER NICE AND HARD....OHHHHHH!"
Jake slapped my ass several times, before I felt his hands leave my body, although his hips sure kept on moving, as he kept on fucking me.
Then I felt something touch my bum. I looked behind my shoulder to see that Jake had picked up the massive, 'Big Bully' dildo and was holding it against my skin. I looked up to see his eyes staring straight downwards between my crack, to where his massive cock was spreading me open. It must have looked so good to a teenage boy, watching as his own mother's wet cunt, stretched out around his pounding cock, disappearing 12 inches up me and then rapidly coming into view again as it was plunged in and out of me with machine like stamina.
"MMMM...OHHHHH...YES....DO IT JAKE....STICK IT UP MY BUM....STICK THAT THING RIGHT UP...OHHHHH...RIGHT UP MY ASS...MMMM!"
I craned my neck around, trying to get the best view I could of what was about to happen. Jake held the dildo in one hand and used the other to grab a handful of my flesh and try to rip my butt-cheeks apart. His hips slowed down their movement until he finally came to a complete stop. His dick was still well lodged in my pussy and part of me wanted to scream out..KEEP FUCKING ME..but he had stopped his pounding for a very good reason.
He moved the dildo into a position so that the head was resting between my fat ass cheeks. Then moving it slowly forwards, I felt it touch my butt-hole, well lubed up already from my boy's turbo tongue.
I returned my head forwards and closed my eyes, gripping my fingernails onto the edge of the bed.
"Ready Mom?" Jake asked quietly.
"Yes...Oh yes baby...but go slowly." I replied, somewhat out of breath.
Jake pushed the dildo forwards, inching my sphincter open. I inhaled a sharp intake of air and held it in my lungs. Jake edged the big fat dildo into my ass and I instinctively tried to clench.
With my pussy filled and stretched with his thick cock and now this almost equally big thing, invading my butt, you could say that I was plugged!
I opened my mouth and exhaled with one long screaming yell.
"OHHHHHHHHHH SHIT BABY..."
"I can feel it Mom," He said proudly. "I can actually feel the dildo inside your ass!"
Of course what he meant was that he could feel that dildo virtually sliding in against his cock, narrowly separated in me. It was something that had not escaped me either. It is very hard to describe how it felt to be having both my holes literally ripped apart by these two massive fuckers. I thought Jake would literally rip my ass in two as he plunged the dildo up me. It felt like a baseball bat was being shoved up my ass, all the while, as his cock remained half hanging out of my dripping cunt.
"ARRRRRRRR FUCKING HELL....OHHHHHHHHHH!"
My cries of half pain and half ecstasy, coincided with a cunt-ripping orgasm that hit me at that moment. My body felt so weak and heavy as I desperately tried to hold myself up on my hands and knees. I could feel my juices washing around over his cock and oozing out of me.
Jake grunted as he slowly began to move his hips backwards and forwards again, ramming his big dick right up my pussy, sending his balls slapping against me.
I could feel the dildo moving around inside my ass. Jake was obviously twisting his wrist so that the dildo was literally being screwed up my ass. It was like turning a screwdriver so that the screw is buried deeper into the wall...or in this case a 12 inch dildo being screwed up a dirty butt-hole.
"ARRRRR YOU LITTLE FUCKER....OHHHHH...YES....YOUR RIPPING ME APART JAKE....ARRRRRRR.....FUCKING HELL...OHHHHHH.....YEAH FUCK THAT CUNT BABY....FUCK MOMMY IN BOTH MY...FUCK HOLES....ARRRR...THAT FEELS SO FUCKING AMAZING....ARRR....MMMMM!"
If this is what double penetration feels like then I wanted it. Jake had now fully resumed thrusting his big boner into my pussy, pumping and pounding to yet more messy orgasms. As for my ass, well that was being totally wrecked by the hard shafting it was getting from the very large dildo that was held in the firm grip of my son's hand. I had no idea just how much of that thing Jake had managed to get up me, it felt like the whole fucking thing, but I guess he had felt he could not push it in any harder without causing me serious pain.
"OHHHH YES....ARRRR...FUCK THAT PUSSY....FUCK THAT ASS...OH MY GOD JAKE...YEAH....YOUR ARE FUCKING WRECKING ME JAKE....ARRRRR....FUCK!"
The bed loudly squeaked beneath me, as my hands and knees were pounded hard into the mattress. The slapping of Jake's body as it repeatedly collided with mine, was drowned out by the screams and filthy talk coming from my mouth. I was, at that moment, lost in a total sexual ecstasy, a mix of pain and ultimate pleasure. I was in bed with my son, being screwed hard by his 12 inch whopper, while an almost equally big dildo was being banged and fucked up my ass. Only a woman could understand the intense feelings in my body and soul.
"OH GOD JAKE....I LOVE YOU BABY...I LOVE YOU FUCKING ME...MAKE ME CUM JAKE...ARRRRR...OHHHH YES...DO IT...OHHHH....YES BABY!"
I dug my fingernails into the bed sheet and pulled it up, trying to support myself as yet another massive orgasm erupted inside me.
"OH MOM THAT FEELS GOOD!" Jake moaned out, as he could feel my hot juices covering his pounding cock.
He was fucking me so hard now, as well as tearing at my ass with the toy. I could not support my exhausted body any longer and my arms buckled. I collapsed forwards, crushing my big boobs, which had been so forcefully slapping together underneath me, flat against the bed, rolls of tit flesh being pressed sideways.
I buried my face into the bed, muffling my loud cries and screams. Jake's free hand pressed down on the small of my back, as he steadied himself.
His whole body thrusted forwards and downwards, plunging his giant foot long dick so deep and hard in my dripping and well stuffed cunt. His other hand continued to work the dildo in and out of my butthole. Sending it so deep that shockwaves of pain and pleasure, jolted along my spine. This was a true fucking...I was getting it hard and fast...my son was fucking the life out of me.
Eventually I had to turn my head sideways so that I could breathe. My screams filled the room with clarity again, as I continued to encourage my son.
"OHHH YES BABY....OHHHH...SHIT....YEAH...FUCK THAT PUSSY....GOD YOUR...FUCKING BIG COCK IS...SO FUCKING HUGE...YOUR FUCKING THE SHIT...OUT OF ME JAKE...OH YEAH...ARRRR....RIP THAT ASS OPEN BABY...GET IT READY TO TAKE....YOUR BIG FAT COCK...OHHHHH...YEAH.....FUCK....I CAN'T WAIT....OHHHH...TO FEEL THAT...NICE YOUNG...COCK UP MY BUM...OHHH YES JAKE...I FUCKING...OHHH LOVE IT....OH YES YOU WELL HUNG LITTLE FUCK.....ARRRR....OHHHHH!"
Jake said nothing, but his groans and grunts as he pounded me, gave me all the reply that I needed. My teenage son was so concentrated on giving his mother this amazing seeing too, that I don't suppose he even really heard what I was saying. He was destroying my cunt and my ass..and the best was yet to come!!
After about ten minutes of this relentless pounding of my body Jake finally tired and the thrusting of his cock slowed. I felt the dildo slap against my jiggling ass as he released it from his fist. Still with about half of it, buried inside me.
"MOM!" He said, rather forcefully. "I WANNA FUCK YOU UP THE ASS...RIGHT NOW WITH MY BIG COCK!!"
Fuck it made me so horny when he ordered me around like that, as though I was some cheap whore or his sex slave...which of course I was!
I looked back over my shoulder at my son. His hard muscular body was gleaming and dripping with sweat, his rippled stomach moving in and out rapidly in time to his heavy breathing. There was no doubt about it, fucking his horny big breasted mother was certainly a better workout than any he got at the gym.
I smiled and replied, "It's..all yours baby!"
Jake got that big silly grin across his face as he moved his eyes down at my ass. He pulled backwards and his big dick flopped out of me with a loud, wet pop. Then taking the dildo between his fingers he pulled that back too, withdrawing it out of my gapping butthole.
"MMMMMMM....OHHHHHH!"
I groaned out with the wonderful sensation as the dildo slid so effortless from my bum, popping back through my sphincter.
Jake tossed it on the bed beside me and then placed both his hands on my fat ass. He spread my cheeks wide apart and gazed wide-eyed at the gapping and contracting hole that was awaiting his mighty big fuck-stick.
"Oh Mom...I can't believe I'm really gonna get to fuck you up the ass!" He said.
Looking up and down his luscious teenage body, I lustily replied,
"Take it Baby...take that great big cock and bang it up there nice and hard...and fuck your dirty mommy's ass until you spunk right up there!"
My encouragement was all that Jake needed. He wrapped his fist around the hard shaft of meat and aimed it straight between my butt cheeks. I held my breath as I felt the wet head of his cock touch my bum-hole and gently push forwards. Jake lowered his weight down over me, bringing his chest to rest on my back. His hand fondled and moved against my ass as he said into my left ear,
"Ready Mom?"
I moved my head to the side and stuck out my tongue, which he quickly met with his own, we danced our tongues together for a moment before I then replied and said sternly,
"Fuck my ass Jake!"
He pressed forwards and I felt the instant burning sensation as his cock burrowed inside me. I tried to relax my muscles and allow him to get deep up my ass. I was already well fucked and gapping back there, following the pounding from that dildo and I was not surprised that Jake's big dick slid so effortlessly up my bum. I had only had Anal sex a few times when I was younger and only once with my husband, not long after we got married, but never ever with a cock as big as Jake's. I knew it was impossible to get 12 inches up there, but I wanted just as much as I could get.
"ARRRRRR....YES.......MMMMMMM....OHH JAKE...ARRRRRR....YEAH FUCK IT....I AM READY SON....OHHHH.....ARRRRRR....YEAH FUCK THAT ASS...FUCK IT HARD WITH THAT GREAT BIG COCK...OHHHH..MMMMM!"
Jake's hands reached around and wrapped under my chin, he lifted my head up from the bed and then slid his fingers around my throat. He gripped gently at first but then slightly tighter as he began to fuck my ass.
He lifted his hips up from my body and began to thrust his dick back and forth, stretching my tight asshole wide with that hard, fat cock.
His big balls swung forwards and hit against my cunt every time he thrusted his dick into my ass. His hands held me around the throat, yanking my head up. He was not quite gripping tight enough to chock me but it was certainly pressing hard against my throat. My screams had become slightly deeper in tone and with more grunt as my airways were squeezed.
He too was groaning loudly as he reamed my asshole with that massive dick.
"OH....TAKE IT MOM....OHHHH YEAH RIGHT...UP...YOUR ASS...OH YEAH!"
Now just for a second, stop and picture this scene. A big breasted middle aged mother is naked on the bed with her teenage son, who apart from being well built and muscular, is also hung like a fucking horse. Both mother and son are getting hot and steamy on this cold and stormy night. The bedroom is echoing to the loud orgasmic screams of the mother, mixed with the loud grunts and groans and the hard, unmistakable slapping noises of two people having sex. The bed is creaking under the strain and the frame knocks rhythmically against the wall.
The son has his massive 12 inch dick ramming in and out of his mother's gapping asshole, pounding and anally fucking his mother with all of his substantial energy and might. This is no ordinary fuck..this is hardcore incest with a horny mother that just can't get enough of her son's big cock!
Outside, the wind and rain continued to lash against the window as Jake kept on pummelling my ass for well over ten minutes.
"OHHH BABY....ARRRR FUCK YOU ARE KILLING ME JAKE....ARRRRR....MOMMY'S...ASS...IS GONNA BE...FUCKING DESTROYED....OHHH YES...YOU BIG BASTARD...RIP THAT ASS APART WITH...ARRRR...THAT MASSIVE COCK....ARRRR!"
Jake seemed never to tire, just relentlessly fucking the shit out of me. In contrast, I was completely exhausted. My whole body felt so weak and almost to the point where I could have just closed my eyes and gone to sleep, but there was no chance of sleep yet, as Jake slammed it up my ass.
"OH MOM...OHHHH...YEAH....FUCK YOUR ASS IS SO TIGHT AROUND MY COCK....ARRR....OHHHHH...MMMMM....TAKE IT SLUT!"
Jake's hands were now placed against my bum and he was spreading my cheeks apart. I felt a wet blob of his spit landing on my well fucked hole and being forced into me as it slathered over his cock and was then thrusted up me. I looked over my shoulder to see Jake picking up the big bully dildo from the bed and then slapping the big rubber shaft against my rippling butt cheeks.
"LIFT UP MOM!" He commanded as I felt his hand pulling my hips upwards from off the mattress.
I struggled to pull myself up, getting onto my hands and knees was quite an effort, my arms were heavy and tired from holding my weight up for so long tonight. I again looked over my shoulder and saw Jake bringing the dildo underneath my legs.
"Where...are...you gonna...stick that?" I asked, trying to fill my lungs with air.
He looked along my body and met my eyes for just a second and then he replied,
"I am gonna stick it up your pussy Mom!"
Seconds later, he had rammed the big toy deep inside my dripping wet cunt and was using his free hand to slam it in and out of me. His other hand was beating against my ass, spanking me hard as he DP'd me, his huge donkey dick still exercising my asshole deep and wide.
"ARRRR BABY...OH JAKE...FUCKING HELL...YOU LITTLE SHIT....ARRRR....FUCK THAT CUNT....FUCK THAT ASS...OHHHH....JUST BIG FUCKING COCKS....ARRRR....YES BABY....FUCK MY DIRTY HOLES....FUCK YOUR DIRTY MOTHER...ARRRRR..."
I was now screaming louder than ever, my cunt and ass being ripped apart by a huge dildo and of course, Jake's 12 inch whopper. I arched my back and laid my head on the bed, my sensitive nipples just pressing against the thin material of the bed sheet. I closed my eyes and tried to relax the burning muscles of my insides. I tried to surrender my body to my big dicked son, as he continued to use his massive weapon and his fast pumping hand to wreck my holes.
The bed now slammed back and forth against the wall as Jake drilled his hard, young frame against my well fucked body, causing violent shudders of the bed.
It was the hardest fucking I had ever had. His stamina and pace was simply astounding. He had been banging his dick into my ass for nearly thirty minutes, kneeling behind me and working me over.
"OH MY GOD....OH BABY....YOU FUCK...MOMMY SO FUCKING...GOOD...MY ASS IS FUCKING WRECKED...OHHH YOU LITTLE BASTARD...ARRRRR.....HOLY SHIT.....OH GOD....ARRRR...SO FUCKING BIG..."
My screams only egged him on. He was battering my cunt hole with that dildo, fisting and screwing it so deep inside me. He made me orgasm three times in the space of a few minutes, sending gushes of my fuck juices squirting out from beneath my bent over, busty body.
"OH MOM..YOU DIRTY BITCH...FUCK!"
His hand was so sticky and wet as it smashed against my pussy every time he forced that dildo to the depths of my hot cunt.
It was approaching the three-quarter hour mark before my first anal experience with my son came to an end. Finally, he told me he was gonna cum and seconds later I could feel it blasting into my bowels and probably further. He coated my burning butt with all of his hot spunk, it felt like someone had poured a glass of water right up my ass.
He gave my bum an few final hard slaps before he withdrew his massive cock and fell on the bed beside me. The huge dildo that he had been pumping in my pussy, was now left just hanging there, about seven inches of it suspended outside of my wet pussy.
My ass, now felt so gapping wide and my rim burned like fire. His cum dripped out of me as I desperately tried to regain my breath.
I collapsed forwards onto my big boobs, unable to support myself on my hands and knees for a second longer. We both breathed heavy and groaned in the afterglow of the hardest and longest fucking we had so far had.
"Oh baby....fucking hell....wow you...really...fucked that ass...oh my god...you nearly fucking killed me...ohhhhh.."
Jake then rolled over onto his side and took hold of my left hip. He pulled my backwards and got us into a spooning position.
I could feel his heavy and hot breath against my neck and his still semi-hard, but very wet cock, pressing against the flesh of my fat ass.
His arm was draped across me and his fingers lightly stroked my stomach.
"Oh Mom," He said after a few moments composure, "That was amazing...shit I love fucking you up the ass!"
I turned my head to my shoulder and met his gaze. He smiled widely and I replied,
"Well son...tonight..we crossed the final sexual line...you fucked my ass and got me DP'd..What a good boy you are!"
I opened my mouth and directed my tongue towards Jake's mouth. We were soon locked in deep and very passionate French kiss which we indulged in for quite some time. Finally, with his protective arm wrapped around me, we spooned and I quickly began to fall asleep.
Just as I did, I could suddenly feel his monster cock beginning to get stiff again, pressing harder against my butt.
"DOWN BOY!" I called out, "You can get back up there tomorrow."
Jake pulled me closer against his young, well developed body and hugged me tight. I drifted into a deep sleep with the lovely feeling of that big dick wedged against my ass.
*
Chapter Five
'Secrets and Lies'
Some weeks went by after the night of the storm, when my son first took his horny mother up the ass. Since then we had been fucking relentlessly. My whole life was just about getting my big boy into bed and taking his massive cock inside me.
Then one weekend, we had to temporally suspend our non-stop fucking and attend my cousins wedding. It was a long drive from where we lived, so I had booked us a room at the same hotel where the wedding was taking place...a room with a big double bed by the way.
My sister Susan and her son Tyler were also going to be there.
I had not seen my sister for many months, although we talked on the phone a lot. She had found herself in a very similar position to me. Susan had divorced from her husband just over five years ago and was a single parent. Her son Tyler was a year older than Jake. They were like two peas in a pod, the family resemblance was plain to see.
Last time I had seen Tyler, he had really becoming quite a strapping young hunk. Like Jake, he worked out regularly and played loads of sport. I don't know how my sister kept her hands off of him?
Growing up, we had always been close as sisters. We used to tell each other everything. About the boys we kissed and fucked, the secrets about our friends and, later on, the woe's of our marriages.
Since getting divorced, Susan had returned to her favourite hobby...Fucking men. Now if you think I am a dirty, sex-hungry slut, you should really meet my sister. Compared to her, I am virtually a nun!
She has got these incredible, big 38 double d tits and a big bouncy ass. Like me, she is a hot Milf, as the kids would say and she never minds exploiting it. Her sexual exploits with the random men she meets in bars and nightclubs, form the basis of most of her phone calls to me. I must admit I often get quite horny as I listen to her telling me about how she picked up some guy and ten minutes later was bent over the hood of his car, getting banged up hard by a nice big dick.
Anyway, Jake and I drove the three hundred mile trip to the hotel for the wedding, stopping off several times in some lay-by, so that I could climb on him and ride his big dick. It was such a turn on to see other cars whizzing by as I bounced my big ass up and down on my son's very large 'gear stick.'
Finally we arrived at the hotel. It was just after 1am and we were both pretty exhausted. The frumpy looking woman at the check-in desk looked at us with a rather curious smirk and a surprised frown as she handed us the room key-card. She must have thought that Jake was my toy-boy lover...If she had of known he was my son, she would have had more than a surprised look on her face, that we had booked a double room!!
That night, I got stuffed good and hard by my well hung son. The people in the room next door must have been kept up half the night by our loud incestuous fucking.
*
My phone rang early the next morning, it was my sister asking what room we were in.
"Oh..I am not sure really, it was so late when we got here last night, I didn't really notice...I am just getting dressed..meet you down in the restaurant for breakfast in ten minutes!" I told her, lying through my teeth.
In truth of course I knew exactly what room we were in but I could hardly let her come and knock on the door. Not only was I butt naked, with Jake's dried cum all over my tits, but he too was nude on the bed, sporting one of his giant morning hard-ons. Imagine her coming into the room and seeing this little sight!
"Jake, wake up..we gotta get dressed...Susan is downstairs waiting...come on you big bastard!"
I took a firm grip around his throbbing cock and beat his meat a few times..that soon woke him up!!
"Oh yeah mom...jack me off...mmmmm," He said, sleepily.
"No time baby..we gotta get ready."
He let out a longing sigh as I let go of his dick and jumped off of the bed. I hurriedly got dressed, after I grabbed a towel in the bathroom and wiped the spunk from my boobs.
When I finally got downstairs, Susan and I chatted over breakfast. I must say she was getting better looking with age. Her long blonde hair cascaded over her shoulders and draped over her big tits. Her bright blue eyes sparkled under the lights of the restaurant. Her skin was so perfect and unblemished. It was hard to believe she was really 41 years old. Her figure was so slim and toned, I know I was not too shabby for my years, but my older sister was looking like the ultimate Milf...I guess it was all those men she had been fucking since her divorce that kept her looking so young?
"So tell me what's been happening with you?" She asked.
"Well," I replied, "Not a whole lot really..It's just me and Jake, you know!"
Susan looked at me with that rather quizzical expression that she has always done. The look that says, 'I know you have a secret'.
"SO" She asked after a few moments.
"What?" I replied with a shrug of the shoulders.
"Who is it then?" She asked forcefully.
"Who's who?" I replied.
"Oh darling, it's written all over your face. That big smile, the glow in your cheeks, the tone in your voice...Who is it that's...you know...Keeping you HAPPY?"
Susan had always been good at this sort of thing. I could never hide very much from her. I smiled at my inquisitive sister and replied,
"Oh..well...its'...just some guy!"
Susan studied my face closely, her blue eyes trying to search my soul.
"Just some guy." She repeated. "Yeah right it is...your smitten babe..I can see it...and by the looks of things, he is certainly taking care of business!!"
"What do mean?" I replied with a giggle.
"Oh come on Julia..I know you..Remember when we were younger and you used to come home from dates with some guy..I could always tell right away if he had fucked you..your face always gives you away..Look at you, I mean your positively gleaming."
I struggled to restrain my give-away smile and tried to play it cool, but there really was no hiding anything from my sister, so I gave in.
"Well alright, as you seem to know anyway..yes I have been seeing someone and yes he is taking 'very good care' of me, thank you very much!"
Susan let out a 'Whoo Whoo' which attracted some looks from neighbouring tables.
"Lucky old Julia," She said, "What's his name then?"
I hesitated for a moment, trying to think of some random name but my lips opened and blurted out, "Jake" before I could think what I was saying.
"JAKE." She confirmed back to me..."You mean you're having sex with some guy who has the same name as your son?"
It seems I had escaped my little slip-up. I simply smiled and nodded my agreement.
"That must sound a little strange when you're telling him to 'fuck me harder Jake." She laughed as she pictured it in her mind.
At least she had not put two and two together. Yes that's all it was, some guy who happened to have the same name as my son.
"Well yeah...I guess it is a little strange...never really thought about it like that before," I replied, lying.
"Well honey," She said after a moment's pause, "Think about it from your son's point of view. He is in his room late at night and through the walls he can hear you getting a good seeing too and you calling out the same name as his...must be pretty weird for the handsome little fucker."
That last part caught me a little of guard and I was still trying to recover myself from the name slip up.
"Hey, my son's not a little fucker, he is a nice and kind boy." I rather abruptly pointed out.
"Oh yeah, I know he is," She replied, "I'm just saying, he is a very good looking boy nowadays...I bet all the girls are after him?"
I shrugged my shoulders and dipped my eyes down from my sister's gaze.
"I don't really know...Yeah I suppose they are."
"You suppose they are!...Let me tell you if I was his age again and he wasn't my nephew...well...HMMMM MMM!"
I tried to feign surprise and replied,
"Susan behave yourself..That's my son you are talking about!"
"Yeah I know..But come on..." She replied.
We both laughed.
Just then, I saw Jake and his strapping young cousin Tyler come in the door of the restaurant and walk over to our table. I took instant note of my nephew. It had been sometime since I had last seen Tyler and boy had he grown. He was slightly taller than Jake, with dusky brown hair, dark eyes and an innocent looking face. He was wearing a white t-shirt that clung to his tight young body, the definition of his Pecs and abs showing through the material. Standing next to my son, they could so easily have been brothers rather than just cousins. Here was two really hunky, teenage studs.
Jake quietly came up behind Susan and wrapped his hands over her eyes,
"Guess who?" He asked.
Julia giggled and replied. "My gorgeous, sexy Nephew."
Julia jumped up and embraced Jake, wrapping her arms around his neck and slapping her lips against his. I could see her doing what she always did around men, pressing her large cleavage against his chest. Jake too had wrapped his arms around her lower back and was tightly squeezing her body.
My nephew, Tyler, leaned down and gave me a peck on the cheek, "How you doing Aunt Julia?" He asked me in his rather shy voice.
"Yeah fine darling." I replied.
I could smell his musky aftershave that was pretty intoxicating, as he sat down on the chair beside me.
Finally Susan and Jake released their grip on each other and took their seats at the table.
The rest of breakfast passed pretty uneventfully, we all chatted and listened to each other's news. Every so often, under the table, I could feel Jake's foot, lightly stroking against my leg. Looking across the table he would give me a quick wink and a little smile. Looking at my son, knowing how amazing the last few weeks had been, it was hard not to respond to him, but as much as I told my sister everything, this was definitely one secret I would have to keep.
Just as we finished eating, Susan looked at Jake and said,
"So honey, what do you think of your Mom's new guy?...I hear his name is Jake too?"
Jake darted a quick glance across at me and hesitated before replying,
"Errm Yeah...He is..alright!"
Susan had noticed the pause and the uncertainty in Jake's voice.
She looked at me and then back at Jake.
"Well..you don't sound too sure." She said.
"No..He is ok...quite a good guy really." He replied more confidently this time.
Under the table Jake had felt the kick I had given him in-between his answers, realizing that he needed to play along.
"Must be pretty strange having your Mom dating a guy with the same name as you?" She asked.
Jake again hesitated too long before answering,
"No not really...It's just a name."
Susan returned her glance to me and I gave her my famous guilty looking smile. She raised her eyebrows and gave me one of her 'I know you are lying' looks, before standing up from the table and simply giving it a "HMMMMM" under her breath.
*
Later that day we all got dressed up and went downstairs to the Grand Ballroom, where the wedding was taking place. This particular relation of ours had managed, over the years, to fall out with most of the other members of our family. This meant that apart from Susan, myself and the boys, the rest of the wedding guests were people not really known to us. So, the four of us sat together through the ceremony and afterwards at the reception.
Sitting next to Jake, listening to all those marriage promises and commitments, I couldn't help but wishing that I could marry my son. I mean there was no-one else in my life who made me happy, no-one else who understood me like he did. He had been there when my marriage ended and now of course, was fulfilling all the duties that a husband should with his wife, especially in the bedroom!!
I had to control my urges all day long. Jake looked so handsome and manly dressed in his smart suit. I was so proud of my son and jealously clung on to his arm all day. My pussy was wet and I was horny, I wanted him to scoop me up in his strong arms and carry me up to our room, where I could rip that suit off and have his 12 incher back inside me.
After the boring speeches and cutting the cake, the music started and people began to meander onto the dance floor.
My sister was one of the first one's up there, shaking her ample assets and that Kim Kardashian-like ass around. Before long she had grabbed me and we were both doing our 'groove thing.'
Susan loved the fact that all the men in the room had focused their eyes upon our two, well stacked bodies.
"ALL THE MEN WANNA FUCK US." She yelled to me, over the loud music blasting out from the band on the stage.
I nodded to her as we danced, then looked around to find my son. Through the fast flashing strobe lights, I could just see Jake sat at a table talking to his cousin, Tyler. The two teenagers had their eyes firmly fixed on us, no doubt taking the piss out of their mom's dancing.
I kept my eyes on Jake for some minutes, picturing that hot young body that was under his suit and of course, that amazing big cock, hidden from view in his pants.
I was lost in my own lustful thoughts and forgot that my sister was dancing just in front of me.
"HEY," she said with a tug on my arm.
"ARE YOU ALRIGHT?"
I snapped my head back around and met her eyes.
"WHAT," I called back at her.
"ARE YOU OK?" She asked again.
"YEAH FINE," I replied with a nod of my head and a smile.
Susan again gave me that look. It was the unmistakable smirk that always told me when Susan did not believe something I had said.
I realized that I had been gazing at Jake for far too long and of course, Susan must have noticed. I just hoped she had not seen the lust in my eyes.
We continued dancing for a little while longer before I could take no more. I had forgotten how much dancing to pop music took it out of you.
"I NEED TO SIT DOWN." I said.
Susan laughed and replied, "YOU LITTLE QUITTER."
I turned and headed for the table where we had left our bags. I noticed Jake and Tyler had moved away. I looked around the room as I walked across to the table and saw the boys over near the stage talking to one of the guys from the band that had a guitar flung across his chest.
Over the loud noise in the room, I heard Susan behind me say, "You are getting too old for all that."
"Yeah too right I am." I replied as I sat myself down on one of the chairs and Susan sat down beside me.
We were both out of breath and soon reaching for the champagne glasses that we had left half empty on the table before we had gone to dance.
"So..tell me about this guy Jake then...What does he do for work?" Susan asked.
I again had to think quickly on my feet. "Oh he works in Advertising."
"Oh Right...and how long have you know him?" She asked.
"Oh a long time...but we only started sleeping together recently." I replied with raised eyebrows.
I could see Susan doubted if this guy really existed or if I was just making him up.
"So.." She said after a moment's thought, "What's he like..in bed!"
Told you she only ever had one thing on her mind..I guess it runs in the family!!
"Yeah..He is really very good." I replied with a smirk.
"Well Hung!" Susan asked as she held her hands out and positioned them about 2 feet apart.
"Well he isn't quite that big!" I replied as I took hold of her hands and closed them nearer each other.
"How old is he?" She continued her line of questioning.
"Oh...well...errrm...about my age." I replied, sounding totally unconvincing.
Susan laughed and with a sarcastic tone replied, "Right...OK then!"
She looked around and set her eyes upon the Bride. Matter-of-factly, Susan said, "She looks fat in that dress."
I burst into laughter, my sister had never been one to mince her words.
"Well she does...It looks two sizes too small." Susan rearticulated.
We spent the next few minutes doing what most women do at weddings, gossiping and bitching about how the other women in the room looked. We both agreed that we were the best looking Milf's at that wedding without a doubt.
My gaze had again found Jake. He was still stood down by the stage, although Tyler had headed off to the buffet table. I felt my heart skip a little beat and my pussy twitch as I looked longingly at my son, day-dreaming about tonight when I would again get him to myself and be able to ride up and down on his thick dick. It had been many hours since last night when I had last had my well-fucked pussy filed with his donkey sized cock. Over the last few weeks I had gotten used to having it off with my boy whenever I wanted and getting my hungry cunt and ass-hole banged senseless. Our long and loving sex sessions had filled my days and nights and this was the longest time period that I had gone without having Jake fucking me. My body was craving his, desperate to be close to my boy again. I was like a smoker being denied cigarettes or an alcoholic without a bottle. I so desperately needed to fuck my son again.
While I had been staring at my son and thinking about getting him naked again, I had taken my mind off of Susan. All the while, she had been watching me, lost in my own little dream world and silently gazing at my son, until finally she broke the silence between us.
"Julia...Julia.."
I returned my gaze to meet hers and said, "Yeah"
Susan looked me up and down a little and then stared deep into my eyes. She said nothing for a moment as she tried to read my soul. I could see her working things through in her mind, her sisterly instinct working overtime to come to a conclusion.
She then looked across the room and fixed her eyes on my son, held it for a few seconds and then looked back at me.
I had been staring at him for too long. Had I given the game away? Had my all-knowing, all-telling sister worked it out? Had my inadvertent slips about the names and ages of the mystery man made her suspicious? I found it so hard to ever keep a secret from her, she always saw through my lies.
I said nothing as her facial expression changed. Her eyes slowly widened and her lips parted. I waited for her to speak but nothing came. Her face morphed from that look of contemplation and thought into one of shock and surprise. Her mouth now fell wide open and her head dipped down slightly. Her eyes burned into mine and I could not help looking guilty.
She hesitated as though the breath had been sucked from her lungs, but then, finally and firmly, uttered the one word that I dreaded she would say,
"JAKE"
Her left hand and forefinger pointed in the direction of my son across the crowded and noisy room as she said his name. Her right hand instinctively came up to cover her mouth, in that way that people subconsciously do when they are shocked about something.
I said nothing and did nothing. I guess my face and expression had already given my secret away.
My sister took a second or two and then said again,
"JAKE...YOUR SON!"
It was said more as a statement of fact rather than a question. Susan knew the truth of what she was thinking long before I slightly nodded my head and confirmed her suspicions.
"JAKE...ITS JAKE...YOUR FUCKING...OH MY GOD...YOU ARE?"
I guess instinct would be to deny it or try and look disgusted at the suggestion but this was my sister. We told each other everything, trying to keep secrets was a fool's game and I had lost very badly. Susan had worked it out in the space of a few short hours and as we sat there, looking at each other, I could only wonder and indeed worry about how she was going to react. A rather scared and apprehensive look must have come over my face as I waited for my sister to speak, having absorbed the shock of her discovery.
"YOU'RE FUCKING HIM...OH MY GOD....WOW!"
Susan said it without any telling expression on her face, but then slowly a smile crept across her lips and she looked at me, seemingly entirely delighted with her discovery.
"FUCK...THAT'S AMAZING....YOU AND YOUR SON...FUCKING HELL JULIA....HAHAHAH."
Susan now burst into a full on laugh, her hands cupped around her face as she looked, wide eyed at me.
"Oh Susan...Its so bad isn't it?" I said, "But he's just so....you know?"
Susan composed herself and replied,
"Oh darling, I get it believe me..he is a very good looking boy...how did it happen though?"
I retold the entire story to Susan, the morning when I had first walked in on him asleep, buying the look-alike dildo, hearing him fucking his girlfriend and then my plot to get him in my bed. Susan sat there mesmerised, her eyes and mouth growing ever wider in surprise and shock, as I explained everything. I told you we always told each other all our secrets...well this was the biggest one I had ever told her!
Finally, after listening so intently, she said, "OH MY GOD...You dirty fucking bitch...WOW...That is INCREDIBLE....HAHA...SHIT...YOU AND JAKE...OH MY GOD..."
Susan shifted and wriggled around in her seat, her wide smile and her giggling laugh took me back to when we were teenagers, this was just how she would be when I told her about some boy I had fucked. She always used to get horny as I gave her the dirty details.
"SO...he has a got a really big cock has he?" She asked.
Sensing that Susan was more than ok hearing about my incestuous sex, I felt able to talk freely.
"OH YES...A VERY, VERY BIG ONE!" I said, over the loud music, which prevented anyone else nearby from hearing us.
Susan again laughed loudly and shifted herself on the seat again.
"OH MY GOD...YOU LUCKY FUCKING BITCH." She replied with a big smile.
I nodded my head and laughed along with my sister.
"WELL," Susan said, looking across the ballroom to where Jake was standing, "I certainly can't blame you babes...young hunk like that to play with." She again laughed, turning her gaze back on me.
"It was just seeing that massive big cock that got me..I just couldn't stop thinking about it...and when I finally got him...well...never looked back since." I said with a gleeful and proud smirk.
"Hmmmm..Wouldn't mind getting my hands on that either!" She said with another glance over to my son.
I could tell that Susan was getting very turned on at this point and was not too subtly, picturing my son naked, as I watched her eyes looking Jake up and down.
"Exactly how big is he?" She asked without taking her eyes off of him.
"12.3 inches." I replied, proudly
Her head immediately snapped back around and her wide-eyes locked on me.
"FUCKING HELL," She yelled loudly. "YOU'VE MEASURED IT?"
"Yes." I replied with a nod.
"JESUS CHRIST...THAT IS ABSOLUTELY HUGE...12 INCHES!" She said, seemingly more shocked at this revelation than before.
"AND...YOU...YOU KNOW...'TAKE IT ALL'?"
I laughed and nodded my head in conformation of that fact.
We continued talking until sometime later when we saw Jake approaching the table. He looked so handsome and manly in his suit and I again felt that wonderful tingling sensation deep inside my hungry cunt.
"HEY," He said as he sat himself down in a chair next to Susan.
Susan looked at me with a knowing smirk as I saw her hand disappear under the table.
Jake looked at me and then down to his knee where her hand had come to rest. Susan eyed him and smiled before saying, without a hint of embarrassment or thought of what his reaction might be,
"So I hear you have taken over as the man of the house?"
Jake looked back at me and saw the 'its fine' expression on my face. He looked back to his Aunt and replied,
"Oh...yeah...I guess I have."
Susan giggled and said, "Good boys look after their mother's!"
*
Later that night, when the wedding party was coming to it's end. Susan asked me "So..will you two have some fun when you get upstairs tonight?"
"Hopefully," I replied expectantly.
"Maybe one day, you would let me borrow him for a while?" She said with a wink.
It's just like when we were younger. Susan always wanted to have sex with the same boys I did, she always said it brought us closer together. Although personally, I think she was just a sex mad slut, who wanted to fuck as many boys as she could.
"Susan...that's my son, not some random guy to be passed around!"
"Oh come off it Julia...I just wanna find out if he is as good as you say he is..and that huge cock...well!"
As sisters I think we shared this big cock fetish. Susan was always on the look-out for bigger and better!!
"Well...we'll see!" I replied, after a moment's thought.
Then my dirty incest-loving mind sprung up a thought which I quickly put into words.
"Anyway, if your that horny, you have a very nice and hunky young man in your room tonight, don't you?"
Susan realized what I was saying.
"You mean...Tyler?" She responded with a frown.
I simply nodded then said, "If it's good enough for me!"
Susan said nothing at first and I could see she was mulling it over in her mind. If she thought Jake was a strapping and good looking young stud and clearly the thought of Incest didn't disgust her, then I couldn't really see why she had never considered it before. I mean, like us there was only her and her son at home and knowing my dirty minded sister I couldn't imagine she had not thought about Tyler before...But she said nothing.
Having rounded up the boys we headed for the elevators. We wished each other good night, with Susan giving me a knowing wink. Then we all went to our rooms.
"Why did you tell her we were fucking Mom?" Jake asked as we got inside and shut the door behind us.
"Well she guessed it actually...your auntie has always been able to tell when I was smitten with a boy."
I wrapped my arms around Jake's neck and brought my lips to his. Our mouths parted and our tongues intertwined. We kissed deeply and passionately for some time. Jake's strong hands roaming down my back and taking a firm grip on my ass.
Sloppily our mouths broke apart and Jake said, "Are you really smitten with me Mom?"
I felt a warmth within my whole body, locked within his arms and a slight feeling of butterflies in my stomach.
"Baby," I said after a few seconds, "I am totally and completely head over heels in love with you..Watching you today, looking so damn sexy in your suit, I could hardly take my eyes off you!"
We kissed again as I felt Jake's hand move up my back and take the zipper of my dress between his fingers.
The next few moments were spent frantically undressing each other. Having slid my dress to the floor, Jake ripped down my underwear and tore off my bra, my big boobs almost slapping him in the face. I too, swiftly unhooked his jacket over his shoulders and unbuttoned his shirt. Soon all of our clothes were strewn across the floor, leaving a trail between the door and the bed.
Falling into each other's arms, we dropped on the bed, my big tits smacking and then crushing against his hard muscled chest. His big dick was already getting hard, trapped against my stomach. Our mouths and tongues continued to dance together.
There is something about having sex in a hotel room that has always got me hot and to be doing it with my own, horse hung, son was making me dripping wet.
That night, Jake fucked me to five orgasms, banging and slamming my horny cunt for all he was worth. Bending me over across the bed he spanked me hard while he wrecked my ass with his massive cock, before he finally pumped his spunk deep inside my pussy, then we collapsed onto the bed in a sweating and panting heap.
As we lay there cuddled together, I looked over at the bedside clock, it was just after 3am and I thought of my sister in the room down the hall. Laying there in bed, her pussy wet from hearing the tales of incest that I had told her earlier and with that hunk Tyler, laying beside her.
I wondered if she was thinking about Jake and I fucking, wishing she could have come to bed with us and shared this giant 12 incher, now pressing into my ass as we spooned. I wondered too what she had thought when I had suggested about her being with Tyler. She had not replied to me but she had an unmistakable twinkle in her eye. As I closed my eyes and started to fall asleep, I wondered what was happening in the room down the hall!
*
Chapter Six
'It's Infectious'
Susan was in the bathroom, having got back to her room with her son Jake. Susan stood and looked at herself in the mirror. She was pretty fucking hot for her age, if she did say so herself. She had slipped her dress off and it now lay in a heap around her ankles. Her big tits were barely contained in the lacy black bra, flesh spilling out from all sides. Susan cupped her boobs in her hands, giving them just a little extra rise. She gazed longingly into the mirror admiring her awesome rack.
She thought about Julia and Jake. She had never met anyone that had fucked their own son before and for it to be her own sister and nephew! As she thought about what that young hunk was probably doing to his big breasted mother right now, just down the hall, Susan's hands slid from her tits and down across her stomach. She gripped the waistband of her panties between the thumb and forefinger of her left hand and plunged her right hand under the material. Her fingers brushed through the thin strip of well trimmed hair and down in-between her legs. She had got pretty wet down there when Julia was telling of her incestuous love affair. She felt the sticky, wetness of her pussy coat her fingertips as she slowly worked them up and down her clit. She began to instinctively grind her cunt onto her fingers, rubbing and massaging the puffy lips.
"MMMMMM." She groaned out, forgetting that her teenage son was sitting in the room outside. She thought about her sister being pounded by her nephew, mother and son going at it, fucking and fucking like rabbits.
Susan felt a need to penetrate her fingers up inside her pussy. She probed upwards and felt her lips parting around her sticky fingers. Bringing her other hand under her panties, she used it to stimulate her clit while she shoved her fingers up herself.
"MMMMMM OHHHHHH!" She moaned out as she felt her body begin to contract. Within seconds, the horny mother, had jacking off her pussy to orgasm. Her fingers, buried up her hot fuck-hole, coated in her cunt juices, gushing out and making her panties wet.
She leaned against the sink unit and gazed at her reflection in the mirror. Her whole body shook with the much needed relief. She had been 'on edge' ever since Julia had told her about fucking her son. She felt a burning sensation deep inside her as she continued to batter her cunt with her fingers.
Taking only a moment's rest, Susan removed her hands from between her legs and ripped her panties down. Then she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, pulling it swiftly away from her. Her big tits swung free, her nipples hard and erect, pointed straight at the mirror. Now naked, Susan returned her hands between her legs, sticking three fingers of her right hand back inside her. She used her free left hand to find her clit and again started flicking it with two fingers.
She was so horny now. Her mind filled with the lusty images of Jake pile driving his mother into the bed, that young stud lying between her sisters's spread legs, slamming his boy-meat deep inside her.
"MMMMM...MMMMMM!"
The groans of self induced pleasure where echoing off the white tiled walls of the hotel bathroom. Susan was lost in orgasmic ecstasy and completely forgot her own son was just outside in the room. Susan frigged and fucked her wet pussy to another hard cum, her legs turning to jelly. She had to stop playing with her clit and use her hand to steady herself against the wash basin. Wildly she pumped her fingers inside, now trying to shove her whole right fist up her cunt. She was almost into the knuckles but could not quite stretch it open wide enough, from her standing position, to force the whole hand in.
Dribbles of her cum fell to the floor, being suctioned out by the plunger-like effect of her fist.
Susan bit down on her lower lip, trying to contain her audible lust. Her big boobs beat a steady rhythm against her chest as they bounced back and forth, moving in motion to the gyrating of her body. She beat her knees forwards and tried to get into a crouching position, opening her cunt wider and allowing her to ram even deeper. Inside her pussy, the muscles clung hard to the fingers which were fast moving around. Susan flapped them back and forth with all the power she had in her hand. Her free hand clung to the sink for support as she felt another raging orgasm building inside her.
She held her lips closed as tightly as she could but an irresistible force was building up, until the point where she could contain it no longer. As her cunt again flooded with her own juices, Susan's mouth opened and a loud, deep, yelling groan rose into the air as she tipped her head back, sending her orgasmic cry's to the heavens.
*
Outside the bathroom door, Tyler stood with his hand squeezing his cock through his suit trousers. He could hear the unmistakable sounds of his mother getting herself off. The occasional echoes of the moaning and groaning from behind the door were familiar sounds to Tyler. Many nights he spent standing outside his Mom's bedroom door, trying not to shuffle his feet on the creaky floorboard, listening to her masturbating in her bedroom. He had always known his Mom was a very sexual person. When he was younger he had listened carefully to the slapping noises of skin against skin and the squeaking of his Mom and Dad's bed, as he listened to them having sex. Since their divorce, Tyler had seen his Mom start to wear less and less when she was going out on a date. Sometimes he would watch, with a hard erection in his pants, as she pinned out the washing on the line in the garden, seeing flashes of her bubble butt as she bent down to pick up another item of clothing, or when she leaned down to wipe the table after dinner, exposing her massive cleavage to his gaze. The best times though had been at night when she had changed into her sleepwear. That low cut black silky thing that she wore to bed. It bulged around the lacy top, straining to contain her big jugs and reached to slightly above her knee, leaving Tyler to wonder if she had any underwear on underneath there or not?
Normally he would have to excuse himself from his Mom's presence as his large cock began to harden. He could not let her see him with a tent in his trousers.
His Mom had become prime jerk-off material for Tyler. He pictured her fat tits bouncing around on top of him as he fucked her pussy with his big cock. He tried to imagine what she looked like totally naked, for he had never once been able to glimpse her nude. For years, Tyler had fantasised about having sex with his Mom, but knew it would never happen.
Now, outside the bathroom door, Tyler cursed to himself as a large group of people passed by the hotel room door. They made so much noise that Tyler momentarily could hear the sounds from within the bathroom.
It sounded as though his mom was really going at it. He could hear her groans clearly and a sound that could have been mistaken for someone trying to unblock a sink. That suction noise made by the air being compressed. Tyler could only wonder what his Mom was shoving up her pussy in there, maybe the bar of soap or a tube of toothpaste?
Tyler felt that uneasy knot in his stomach, that same fear feeling that he always had when his listened to his Mom like this, that fear that he would get caught and she would scream at him for being a little pervert. But it was that feeling that got Tyler so hard, the excitement of the situation but also the fear of being caught. It was like an adrenaline rush to his groin, a sudden shot of blood that made his cock so big and stiff in seconds.
Just then a loud cry from behind the door, the same cry that he had listened too many times before, normally right before it all went quiet and he quickly crept back down the hall to his bedroom. Those loud, deep groans that his mother yelled out as she reached orgasm, hidden away from his sight, behind those closed doors.
Tyler knew it was time to move. In the hotel room, she could emerge out of the bathroom at any second, seeing the guilty look on Tyler's face and the large tent in his trousers, before he had time to move away from the door. He suddenly panicked as he saw the situation all of a sudden. Tonight, he was having to share a double bed with his Mom, he had no place to hide until his erection went down. He had been worrying for weeks about this. Tyler knew he always got a hard-on when he went to bed and always woke up with one in the morning. Sleeping so close to his mother, how was he going to stop her from seeing it...or worse still, him rolling over in the night and actually smacking it against her body....and if she came to bed wearing that same night dress thing, Tyler could not imagine how he could contain himself as she climbed into bed with him.
Now, the situation was a reality. In just a moment, his mother would come walking out of that bathroom door, wearing whatever and there he was with a huge obscene bulge in his pants and nowhere to hide away from her. Tyler sat on the edge of the bed but that was no good, his erection stuck up from his lap like he had shoved a coke bottle down there. He looked around the room, where could he hide? He stood up and in a panic jumped up and down, trying to drain the blood from his cock. It wasn't working...he still had a giant hard-on and he could hear his mother moving around in the bathroom again. She was about to come out, he knew it and there was nothing he could do to stop it!!
*
Meanwhile, Susan had regained her composure inside the bathroom. She had cleaned up the tell-tale drops of gooey cream from the floor and scooped up her dress and underwear, placing them in a crumpled heap beside the bathtub. She had wiped her wet pussy and taken her black silky nightdress in her hands. She stepped into it and pulled it up her legs, she held it at her hips as it clung around her fat juicy ass and then took hold of the two black straps that came onto the shoulders. She looked in the mirror as the silk material expanded outwards as her large breasts were covered up. She pulled her arms though the straps and hooked it to her shoulders. She adjusted her tits under the material and pulled the lacy hem down as far as it would stretch.
Susan had packed her usual lingerie that she always slept in, forgetting that she was having to share a room and indeed a bed with her 19 year old son. She had only remembered this little detail when she had been unpacking her bag earlier on. Tyler had seen her wearing it many times before so she didn't really suppose it mattered.
But now, as she stood looking at herself in the mirror, a naughty thought entered her mind. She suddenly thought about her son out there in the hotel room, maybe he was still out there dressed in his suit...or maybe he had stripped down to his boxer shorts and was now laying in bed, waiting for her to come and climb in with him?. She thought too about her sister down the hallway, getting a good seeing too from her hunky son. Susan suddenly thought about fucking Tyler. It was an instantaneous picture that entered her mind, a dirty incestuous picture of his naked body thrusting between her legs. She felt a surge deep within her well fingered pussy, that feeling she always got when she was turned on and horny.
She had never considered sex with her own son, even today when she listened to her sister telling her about her fuck sessions with Jake, even then Susan had never considered doing the same with her own son.
With a mixture of guilt and sexual hunger overtaking her thoughts, Susan stared at her reflection in the mirror and smiled to herself.
Tyler was outside that door right now, in that room right now! Her strapping son was just out there, she could have him. She could walk out there right now, wearing this naughty little number and climb into bed with her son and have her wicked way with him. She thought about what his reaction would be, what would Tyler say, or do for that matter, if she asked him to have sex with her? Would he react as Jake had to Julia? Would Tyler wanna fuck his Mommy?
Susan thought for a moment, she thought about how wrong it would be and how their relationship would never be the same again....but then she thought about that ripe young male body...her sister getting drilled by her own son and the horny sensations that were building deep inside her pussy, as she stood before the mirror.
Susan looked to the closed door of the bathroom and inhaled the musky scent that still lingered in the air. She turned her face back towards the mirror and looked herself up and down. Her bulging tits would look very good shoved against her son's face while she rode his cock with her wet and very hungry pussy. She imagined herself bouncing up and down on top of Tyler, his wide eyes and shocked look, staring back up at her.
Susan smiled again and allowed the shear lust to overtake her soul. He looked back towards the door and headed over to it, reaching out to grab hold of the handle.
"Mommy's coming!" She mumbled under her breath as she pulled the door open.
*
Tyler was standing near the window when he heard the bathroom door click. His eyes shot to the door just as his mom emerged.
He placed his hands in front of him, trying to hide the, still very obvious, erection. He felt his heart skip several beats and his breath abandon him momentarily, as he saw what she was wearing. He tried to avoid eye contact with her as she walked across the carpeted floor towards the bed.
"Oh you are still in your suit." She remarked as he shot cursory glances at her barely covered tits.
"Yeah!" He replied, mesmerised by the amazing sight before him.
Susan had instantly noticed the large tent in the front of his trousers that he was obviously trying to conceal. She said nothing but smiled slightly to herself. She had caught Tyler with a hard-on in his pants many times before. Just last week, she had come into the living room and seen the big bulge underneath his well placed hands.
Tyler watched, almost frozen to the spot by the window, as she placed her hands on the bed and then crawled forwards, getting onto her hands and knees as she moved up towards the pillows. His eyes flew wide open as she stuck her ass out in the air and he could see the contours of her ample butt, just hidden under the silky material. The hem of the negligee now rode up to just below her ass, but just enough to prevent Tyler seeing what glories lay underneath. If only he had of been standing right behind her at that moment, what a sight it would have been!
"Are you going to get changed?" Susan said, breaking Tyler's mesmerised stare.
"What...errr..oh yeah...course!" He replied with an uneasy quiver in his voice.
She lay back on the bed, pulling the duvet up to her chest, and then looked intently at her son. Tyler seemed unsure what to do, he could not just remove his clothes and get down to his boxer shorts, not with his cock still hard and his mother looking on.
Trying to act nonchalantly, Susan grabbed the television remote and turned on the set, an old re-run of Miami Vice flickered onto the screen. Tyler had turned his back away from the bed as he slipped the jacket of his suit over his shoulders and tossed it down onto a nearby chair.
He pulled at the knot in his tie and ripped it out from under the collar of his shirt and then slowly he began to unbutton it down.
To his great relief he felt his cock reducing in size and no longer making the huge bulge in his trousers.
"Why are you going so slowly?" He heard his mother say from the bed behind him.
Tyler looked back over his shoulder as he pulled the shirt back. His mother was sitting upright in the bed with her head resting on the padded headboard. He desperately tried to stop himself staring straight at her chest and those huge boobs straining the material.
"What's the hurry?" He asked as he tossed the shirt onto the chair.
"Nothing!" Susan replied. But something in her tone of voice made Tyler keep his eyes on her. She had a strange smirk on her face and seemed to be running her eyes up and down his body.
Tyler felt his stomach knot up. That was a strange look his mom was giving him. He had never seen that look from her before. It was almost like the lustful look he must have had on his face every time he gazed at her beautiful body, hidden under her clothes.
He turned his head back around and looked down at the zipper of his trousers. His cock was still semi-hard but he thought it was safe to remove his trousers now. He slid down the zip and then gripped the waistband in his fingers before yanking them down.
He suddenly felt quite self conscious. He had his back to his mother but apart from his boxer shorts he was now naked. He could feel her eyes burning into his back and thought he heard a slight humming murmur come from behind him. But no he must be imagining it!
Susan watched as her son undressed. He had a very nice body there was no doubt about that. His broad shoulders and wide back, giving way to his tight young ass and those big muscled legs. Now that she paid attention to it, she realised that her son was actually as big a hunk as her nephew and thought to herself, "Why have I not noticed him before?" It was certainly a question and maybe now in her horny state and, thinking about Julia and Jake fucking down the hall, Susan saw her son in a whole new light as he tossed his clothes aside one by one.
Tyler rolled his eyes and puffed out his cheeks, then exhaled deeply. It was a moment of relief looking down and seeing that his dick was no longer hard and he could turn around to face his mother without worrying what she would see. Tyler spun on his heels and walked the few feet to the edge of the bed.
He looked at his Mom laying there and noticed her eyes were aiming straight at his crotch. Maybe she had seen his boner when she first came out of the bathroom. "Shit," he thought to himself. But as he took hold of the duvet and pulled it back so as he could climb into the bed, he thought he saw a slightly disappointed look on his mothers face. Her eyes wandering from his crotch, up to his chest and then back down again. He was sure she was 'checking him out'.
Susan could see that the erection in his pants had gone down, probably why he had taken so long getting undressed with his back to her, waiting for it to go down. Her expression betrayed her feelings though as she saw her son was no longer big and hard as he climbed in bed beside her. Susan had never shared a bed with her son before, but tonight, she was intending to make the most of it.
"It was nice to see Julia and Jake today wasn't it?" She asked as she caught Tyler looking at her tits as he slid himself under the covers.
"What...err...yeah it was ok...Aunt Julia seemed a little weird though." He replied as he brought his head onto the pillow.
"What do mean weird?" Susan asked, gazing down at her son beside her.
"Well..I don't know, just a bit odd really...Like at breakfast this morning when she was telling us about her new boyfriend."
Susan quickly developed the point.
"Oh you mean that Jake guy she has been FUCKING?"
Tyler looked up at his mom, trying not to place his gaze on her heaving boobs. Her emphasis on the word 'fucking' had surprised Tyler. Almost as if she was upset or angry about it.
"Yeah," He finally replied, matter-of-factly.
"Oh well," She went on, "I think she is just having some fun...although he is a lot younger than her."
Susan looked at the television on the table in front of the bed, waiting anxiously for her son to speak.
"How much younger?" He asked after a few seconds pause.
"A LOT," She replied, with raised eyebrows.
Tyler noticed that his mom was not looking down at him and he took the opportunity to get a good look at her tits. Laying on the right side of her, looking upwards, he had a close-up view of the tit-flesh stretching the black silk material. From his side-ways on angle, he could see just how well stacked his mother was. How he longed to just reach up that short distance and cup his hand around the squidgy mounds of her breasts and squeeze them hard.
Susan stared at the television, but was paying no attention to it, instead she was trying to think of her next move. Her pussy was twitching with anticipation, her heart literally pounding with excitement and some trepidation. She was confident that if she said and did the right things, she could get want she wanted. Finally she snapped her head back to the right and looked down on her boy once more. She caught him again, this time his eyes transfixed on her chest. He quickly blinked his eyes shut and then re-opened them, darting his gaze back up to his mom's face. She tried to hold her reaction from showing on her face, but inwardly she knew this was not going to be all that difficult after all...she just had to play it right.
"Julia says he is the best lover she has ever had!"
Tyler raised his eyebrows and replied, "Lucky old Aunt Julia."
Susan followed this up with, "Must be quite strange though..having it off with someone with the same name as your son."
Susan kept her eyes firmly fixed on Tyler's face, waiting to see his reaction.
Tyler met her eyes and considered his answer. "Well...I don't know...It's just a name I guess."
Susan moved herself down under the covers, bringing her head to the pillow, she then turned on her side and faced her son, who also turned his head to look at her.
"Yeah I know," She went on, "But think about when she is getting fucked and she calls out the guys name...I mean just think about it!"
Susan said nothing more for a moment as she allowed the image to sink into Tyler's mind.
"She is yelling out..FUCK ME HARDER JAKE....I mean how funny must that be?"
Susan now looked intensely into her son's eyes.
Tyler had heard his mom using this kind of language before but it seemed different this time, as though she was accentuating the words. Tyler did not reply but simply shrugged his shoulders.
Susan sensed that Tyler was not catching her drift, so she upped the ante some more.
"Although, I'm not sure quite what the deal is there to be honest."
Tyler, intrigued, turned himself onto his side and was now lying face to face with his mother, just a short distance apart.
"What do you mean?" He asked.
Susan smiled and giggled slightly, then replied. "Well..I may be wrong...but I think she may be...fucking her son!"
Jake was astonished. His expression went from passive to shock in a split second. Susan simply waited for his reply.
Jake could not believe what his Mom had just said. He again felt the instant, rapid beating of his heart and that strange knot hit his stomach. His mom had just suggested that his Aunt and Cousin were having sex..Incest...The one thing he dreamed of doing with his own mom.
A multitude of thoughts shot through his mind as he tripped over his words, trying to respond.
"W..WHAT...ERRR...ARE..YOU SERIOUS?"
Susan could see he had become very agitated and his sudden body movements under the covers, told her that he was uncomfortable..but was it in a good way or a bad way?
"Yeah..well...You saw her at breakfast, and how Jake didn't know what to say. She was lying for sure, I can always tell with my sister...But she is getting laid for certain...she has that twinkle in her eye and those rosy cheeks." I said.
"But what's make you...think it's...JAKE?" Tyler replied with an anxious look.
"Well it was just that whole slip up with the name this morning and then the way she was looking at him tonight at the reception. I mean she was proper eying him up."
Susan watched as Tyler took in what she was saying before carrying on,
"Personally I don't blame her, he is a very good looking boy and Julia is all alone at home with him..it's sort of natural in a way!"
Susan paused and held her gaze on Tyler's face.
Tyler was now holding his whole body rigid, his heart was pounding against his chest and his stomach was doing loop the loops. He had no idea what to say or do. He just lay there gazing into his mom's eyes, his mind in a spin. Tyler took a moment and then his brain kicked into gear, he started thinking with his cock. His mom was saying that incest was ok..even normal...wasn't she?
Finally he broke the silence and cautiously said,
"Well you and I live alone."
"Got Him," Susan thought as a big smile crossed her lips. That was the response she wanted, now she moved this forwards.
"Yes...and you are a very good looking boy too baby...but you would never want to have sex with your mom, would you?" Susan said.
Tyler was stunned into silence. He was totally unsure how to reply. He felt his cock growing big again underneath the covers. His mother had said something that he would have never dreamed possible...but what should he say. His facial expressions gave his answer away to Susan, but Tyler waited and waited before finally having the courage to reply,
"Your hot mom...any guy would wanna have sex with you."
Susan's heart skipped a beat and she could almost have cum right then. She felt her lust growing deep inside her, her son was saying all the right things.
"OH BABY," She said loudly and with a laugh, "What a sweetie you are."
With that, Susan lurched her body forwards, moving swiftly closer towards Tyler. She lifted her arms out from under the duvet and wrapped them around the back of his head. She cuddled in tight against him, catching him off guard. Tyler rolled off of his side and onto his back as his big breasted mother brought her weight down upon him.
He felt her legs knock against his and her large breasts press, all of a sudden, against his chest. Her hair fell into his face and he got a rush of her perfume waft up his nose. He could feel her hot breath against the side of his face and her hands pressing into the back of his neck, where he had trapped them by rolling over.
He moved his arm up and laid it across her shoulder as she buried her face against his and into the pillow. His cock was now getting really hard under that cover and he looked down to see a tent starting to appear.
The panic and anxiety that he had had earlier now turned into something else. His heart beat fast as he laid there cuddled so close against his mother.
"You know," Susan said, lifting her head up so that she was just inches from his face. "You really are such a sweet boy."
Taking her opportunity, Susan brought her lips down and quickly kissed her son, full on the mouth. The connection only lasted a second or so, before she lifted back off, but it was an electric feeling for them both.
Susan now gazed deeply into her son's, rather shocked looking eyes, as she pulled her left hand out from underneath his head. She then placed it against the side of his face and gently caressed her fingers back and forth.
"Very handsome indeed," She said after a moment and then kissed him again.
This time, Tyler responded and she felt him returning the kiss. She closed her eyes and started to kiss him like a lover. Within seconds their mouths had parted and their tongues were sliding together in each other's mouths. Susan's heart and head wrestled with the conflicting feelings. Her head told her this was wrong..it was her son...but her heart (and her wet pussy) told her that this was so right...that what she was feeling was a strange sort of love..and lust!
Tyler too was in many states of emotion. His mother was kissing him like he had always dreamed of and her fat tits were right where he wanted them. It was the perfect situation really. He felt his dick now rock hard and he almost shot his load right up into the duvet with the intense feeling of his mom's tongue, exploring his mouth. His body shock slightly, a mixture of shock and excitement. That uncontrollable reaction when the body does things you seem powerless to control.
As they continued to kiss, he felt her hand slide from his face and down his neck. It brushed through the light hairs on his chest and underneath the covers. She edged it down towards his stomach and stopped just around his belly button. His cock twitched below and Tyler was sure he was about to cum.
Just then Susan broke the kiss, lifting her face up again, holding it just inches above his, staring deeply into his eyes.
Susan smiled and then slowly turned her head downwards, looking along to where a giant tent had been made in the duvet. Knowing exactly what it was under there, Susan looked for few moments and then turned her head back to look at her son.
As their eyes met again, Tyler spoke in a low voice.
"Sorry Mom...you're just so...sexy!"
Susan now beamed at her boy, a feeling of love and pride filling her soul.
"Thank you," she said, " But you have nothing to be sorry about...It looks as though you DO want to have sex with your Mom!"
Lightly she tapped her fingers against his hard stomach.
With the sexual tension needing to be alleviated, they both let out a laugh, followed by another passionate kiss.
Susan was doing cartwheels in her mind, thinking what Julia would say if she could see her now. Thinking, if right at this moment, while she French kissed with her son for the first time, Julia could see how quickly and easily she had got into this position with her son. Not ten minutes ago, she had hardly even thought about this, but now she was draped on her son's body, and his big hard-on was just inches from her grasp.
Tyler could barely believe his luck. He had dreamed and fantasized about this for so long, never believing for a moment that it would ever actually happen...But how far was his Mom willing to go here. He was horny, he knew that and from the way she had been talking, he reckoned she was too. Then he decided to test the waters and move his hand down from her shoulder to her breasts and see what she did.
He moved swiftly, going down in one sharp movement of his arm and hand. He laid it on the soft, covered, flesh of her left breast and gave it a gently squeeze, digging his fingers into the silk material of the negligee.
"Do you like my tits baby?" Susan whispered to him in her most seductive voice.
"They are gorgeous Mom," He replied.
"Well..how about you play with those while I play with...THIS." she said.
With that she shot her hand down from his stomach and grabbed hold of his big, hard cock. Wrapping her fingers around it for the first time and gripping the throbbing shaft tightly, Susan smiled to her son and said,
"Mmmm... you're a big boy now aren't you?"
Tyler nodded as he massaged her tits, harder now than before.
Susan began to slide her hand from the base of his dick up to the top. She loved having a hard cock in her hand, Tyler felt pretty big, although it was still covered by the duvet. Susan had had some nice big cocks in her time and her son certainly ranked among them. Slowly and skilfully, she worked her fist up and down his fat dick, twisting her wrist around as she went.
Susan licked her tongue along her son's lips and then he opened his mouth and re-locked with hers. His hands roamed wildly over her chest now, squeezing and digging his fingers into the flesh. He felt the hard nub of her nipples as his fingers passed over and could not resist giving them a quick pinch.
After a moment, Susan lifted her head, withdrawing her tongue from her son's mouth. Under the duvet her hand continued to beat his meat, smacking against his balls.
"I think Mommy needs to see this big boy." She said firmly.
Without waiting for any sort of reply, Susan grabbed hold of the duvet and threw it back off as hard as she could. Tyler gave her a helping hand, tossing it aside and in a moment, they were both exposed.
"OH MY GOD..LOOK AT THAT LOVELY BIG DICK!" She said, in a loud voice. Her eyes wide and gazing at her son's fuck-stick.
Looking now, she could see the thick veins being expanded by the tightness of her gripping fist. The big bulbous head looking like a mushroom about to pop off of its stalk. She noticed too that her son was clean shaven down there, which made his cock look even bigger. It looked to Susan as though it was about 8 or 9 inches in length, certainly enough to take very good care of her hungry, horny pussy.
"That is a very nice one baby...a lovely big cock for your mommy!"
Tyler smiled and replied.
"Oh Mom...That feels so good...oh yeah jack me off mom.."
He had closed his eyes, just for a moment, enjoying the amazing sensation of having his mother jacking him off. He had dreamed of this for so long and now it was a reality.
Susan used her spare hand to reach up to the straps of her silky nightdress and pull them over her shoulders, all the time continuing to whack her hand up and down the length of her son's impressive weapon.
She then pulled the material sharply and her big melons fell out of the straining material.
Tyler immediately opened his eyes as he felt the flesh hit his hands, to see the huge boobs, exposed and naked for him to touch.
"Fuck Mom...your tits are fucking amazing." He said as he took them in his hands.
"Thank you Tyler...I guess we both have BIG things to play with." She replied with another swipe of her tongue over his lips.
Susan and Tyler remained in this position for some time. Their bodies pressed together, His hands groping and fondling her large rack while she pump his prick in her hand, jacking and slapping it between her fingers.
Most of the time, their lips remained locked together, their tongues wildly dancing around in each other's mouths.
Susan felt emboldened. She had her boys cock very hard and clearly he was enjoying having her jacking him off. She loved the feeling of his hands roaming all over her big tits. He was a great kisser too, with a talented tongue...Susan wondered just how talented it could be.
"How about you wrap your lips around my cunt and give your dirty mother a good licking?" She demanded.
"Sure mom..I'm up for that!"
Susan giggled and released her grip on his cock, which remained standing rigidly to attention.
"Let's 69," She said, as she rose up and turned her ass towards her son's face.
Throwing her right leg over his head and moving back into position, she brought her pussy close to his mouth. She could feel his excited breath warmly blowing on her pussy. Slowly she rose up and pushed downwards, shoving her cunt right into his face. Her ass sat firmly down, smothering him.
"OH THAT FEELS...NICE!" She called out, as she felt Tyler's tongue slip across her clit and over her labia.
She grinded her ass down hard and wriggled her butt from side to side, crushing his face below her. She could feel his nose being pressed into her flesh as his mouth engulfed her pussy.
"OH YEAH...OH TYLER...MOMMY LIKES THAT....OHHHHH....EAT IT BABY...MMMMMM."
Being sat up on his face, Susan was unable to reach that magnificent cock that she now wanted to put in her mouth. Blowjobs were one of her real specialities and she loved making a man cum in her mouth. But right now she was enjoying being munched by her teenage son even more.
"OHHH FUCK YES...OHHH BABY...OH YEAH."
Susan kept wriggling her hips, driving his face ever harder in-between her ass cheeks. She cupped her tits in her hands and pulled hard on her nipples. It sent a shiver through her spine as his mouth and tongue worked over her cunt. She could feel it probing inside her hole and she knew it would not be long before she erupted over his face.
"OHHHH DON'T STOP TYLER....OHHHH...YESSSSS....OH YESS...MAKE ME CUM...EAT IT BABY...DON'T STOP....GET IT UP THERE....OHHHHH.....OHHHHH....YES!"
Susan squeezed her legs together astride her son's head, griping it like a vice between her thighs. Her hands flew from her tits, down between her legs, where she tried to feel for her clit, but Tyler had it in his mouth. She felt the suction from below her as he sucked her pussy hard, quickly bringing her to orgasm.
"OHHHHH YES.....OHHHHHH.....FUCK.....YESSS!" She yelled out.
Buried below her hot, wet pussy, Tyler was fighting for breath. His face was completely covered by his mother's ass. His nose was squashed beneath her and his mouth was covered by her cunt. Gallantly he licked and sucked on, tasting her warm salty juices as they lapped across his tongue and into his mouth. He gagged as he tried to swallow it down his throat, have you ever tried swallowing when your mouth is open and you can't really breathe? It is no easy task!
His mother sure tasted good though. Her wet pussy creamed again as he felt her little clit button grind against his lip.
Susan bounced, ever so slightly, not enough to give poor Tyler much air to breathe, but enough for her to be able to feel his hot breath permeate over her dripping pussy.
"OH GOD BABY.....OH YEAH.....LICK THAT PUSSY TYLER....OH YES...MMMM!"
Her son's body began to wriggle beneath her and she sensed, quite rightly, that with her ass mashed into his face, he probably couldn't breathe too well. She had been sat up there for quite some time, lost in the moment, forgetting that her ass and cunt gave very little ventilation.
"OH MY POOR BABY." She called out as she fell forwards. Her big breasts crashed against his stomach as she landed. Opening her mouth wide, his big cock speared past her lips and to the back of her throat. She reached up to place her hand around the base of the shaft as she quickly began to slide her tongue around the large cock-head. With her other hand she wrapped her fist around his two big balls, squeezing them tightly in her grip.
Tyler took several huge intakes of breath and quickly exhaled again as his lungs filled with the much needed air. His Mom's pussy was now directly in front of his face but was no longer sat on top of him. He could see clearly all the wonderful creases in her cunt lips, the wet and gleaming folds of swollen flesh that he had been sucking on.
As Tyler regained his breath, he could feel the most amazing sensation around his cock. He could feel his mother's tongue swirling around his sensitive bell-end, her fingers clasping and squeezing his balls, pulling at the skin around them. He curled his toes backwards and clenched his fists tightly closed, as he thought he was going to cum. His mom was really devouring his big dick now and his heavy breathing matched his racing heartbeat.
Popping her mouth off his big cock for just a second or two, Susan called out,
"WHAT A JUICY BIG COCK THIS IS...MMMM!"
Before stuffing it back into her mouth and deep throating him again. She was gagging on it just as she got almost the whole way down. About 7 or 8 inches of nice thick dick was filing her mouth and throat. One hand twisted and jacking off the lower part of the shaft, until she had to slide it out of the way to take him right down, while with her other hand, she rolled his big balls around between her fingers.
Just then she felt his tongue run up the length of her pussy and wiggle on her clit. A sharp jolt shot along her spine as he licked her most sensitive part.
"Mom..Your pussy tastes good," He said, not sure if she could hear him or not, the wet slurping sounds and her gagging cough made it uncertain if she had.
Susan had heard but was too busy forcing more of her son's fat cock into her mouth to answer. She closed her lips tightly and tried to relax her throat muscles. She wanted to get the whole fucking thing down her throat, she wanted to feel his big balls touching her chin. She was more horny and turned on than she had ever been in her life before. In her mind this was her sexual zenith, there was no better moment than this. Her sister was right, this was the best sex ever...And they had not even got to the actually fucking yet!!!
Tyler could feel his mom trying to shove all of his cock into her mouth and he gave her a little helping hand. He gently lifted his hips upwards and flexed his butt tight, then pushed upwards, trying to force it in her mouth. He heard her gag and felt a large amount of spit run down his already very wet dick. He felt his balls, tightly gripped in her hand, tap against her chin and her lips come into contact with the base of his shaft. She had done it...all 9 inches of it!
Susan felt as though she was going to choke. Her gag reflex being worked hard by the mighty invading slab of meat. She pulled back quickly, allowing his dick to fall out of her mouth. She breathed in hard and coughed several times, sending globs of her thick spit running down the length of his cock. Her eyes were watering and she had to lift up her hand to wipe across them. She looked down on the large amounts of saliva that were forming a puddle around his whole groin. Even the tops of his inner thighs had drips of spit running across the skin.
"OH BABY...MOMMY TOOK...THE WHOLE THING...THAT TIME...FUCK...OHHH...I LOVE THIS BIG COCK..OHHH."
She could hear murmurs and hums coming from behind her backside, as Tyler continued to lap at her pussy.
She quickly, opened her mouth wide and took him back into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down wildly, which caused her long hair to cascade around her face. She clung tightly to his ball sack and pulled hard on the skin, yanking his balls away like she was torturing him.
Tyler's face creased up with the sudden pain in his groin. He could feel what she was doing to his balls and felt as those she would rip them clean off.
"OH FUCK MOM!" He called out.
Taking no notice of the tone of his voice, she continued to devour her well hung son and play mercilessly with his balls. She was so fucking horny and worked up that any objections he may have had did not bother her. She was lost in a total sexual rage and only a good dicking could help her.
*
After another ten minutes of this dirty, oral fuck-play. Susan finally removed her mouth from its tight suction on his cock and simultaneously threw her right leg back over his head. She lifted up from her position laying on top of him and spun herself around to once again face him.
She looked at his face all slimy and gleaming from where she had been sat on him. It was such an erotic sight.
She came closer to his face and slurped her tongue up from his chin, across his lips, around his cheeks and over his nose, tasting the sticky cum she had smothered on his face. Leaning her head to one side she placed her mouth next to his ear and whispered,
"I want you to fuck me Tyler...Hard!"
She then placed her face directly in front of his again and looked down into his big soft eyes.
"Ready?" She asked.
Tyler smiled and replied, "Ready Mom."
She kissed him hard on the lips and again they passionately kissed, tounges lapping together.
Susan then felt her son sitting up on the bed, his head leaving the comfort of the pillow. She opened her eyes and pulled her mouth away from his. Tyler sat upright and wrapped his left arm under her stomach.
"BEND OVER!" He said in a commanding voice that Susan was not used to hearing from him...she liked it!
Susan giggled as she moved onto her hands and knees, facing the wall behind the headboard of the bed. She stuck her ass out as far as she could, inviting her son to get behind her. He did, quickly moving into a kneeling position between her slightly spread legs.
"FUCK ME HARD BABY."
Susan called out over her shoulder, as she watched him place his hands on her ass and then shuffle himself forwards. She waited for that glorious moment when she would feel his big dick touch against her pussy, probably giving her another, instant, orgasm.
She was so wet and could feel her pussy contracting, anticipating the big cock that was about to fill it up.
A few seconds went by as she faced her head forwards and closed her eyes. This was it..no turning back. Her sister had been fucking her son and now she was about to do the same, commit incest with her 19 year old son. Have him fucking her hard with his big stick, fucking her to orgasm.
Tyler steadied himself behind his mom's bent over body. He placed one hand on each cheek of her well rounded ass and dug his fingertips in to the flesh, then pulled them apart, exposing her gapping wet pussy and her tight asshole to his wide eyed gaze. For so long he had thought about being able to grab hold of her big bum and find out what she looked like down there, it was every bit as fantastic as he imaged it would be. He took a deep breath and inched his hips forwards, aiming the head of his stiff balls, right at her open cunt-hole and then with force, ramming it forwards and right up inside her.
"ARRRRRRRRGGGGG!"
Susan screamed out as though she had been shot. She had not expected him to thrust inside her so forcefully. Her whole body lunged forwards, her big tits being swung hard along her chest. She dug her hands into the pillow, trying to steady herself.
She felt him so deep inside her pussy, as her muscles tightened around the hard shaft. His big cock slammed deep up her cunt in a mixture of pussy-ripping pleasure and pain.
"OH FUCK....ARRRR....OH SHIT...YES TYLER...OHHHH...YES!" She yelled out.
Tyler pulled his cock back out with the same speed and force that he had thrust it in there, then just as quickly fucked it back up her again. His eyes rolled back in his head as he felt the tight warmth of his mother's pussy grip around his cock. She was wet up there that was for sure and he could tell she was going to cum again.
The walls of her cunt closed in and seemed to stiffen up. He could hear her deep groans echoing around the room and then her cries of ecstasy.
"OH MY GOD...FUCK...GONNA CUM....OHHH...YES.....TYLER....OHHH....GONNA CUM...FUCK ME...ARRR....OHHHHHH...."
Tyler continued to thrust his pussy pounder deep inside her pussy as the warm juices coated his cock. He looked down to see his meat beating and ripping at the thin skin of her cunt hole that was being elongated from her.
He watched in amazement as little shoots of water-like fluid, spurted out along the shaft of his cock and hit his stomach.
"KEEP FUCKING ME....FUCK IT TYLER...BANG THAT PUSSY....ARRRRR....OHHHHH...YEAH.....FUCK ME...FUCK ME!"
Susan could no longer contain her desire and her lust. Tyler's big cock felt so good inside her, like he was the perfect fit for the size of her cunt.
Underneath her, two big boobs swung and collided together with loud slapping sounds. Her tits jiggled and shook with every hard thrust of his manhood against her body. She was breathing hard now, as the air was literally fucked from her lungs. Tyler was fucking her like a 19 year old stud can, pounding his big whopper hard and fast up his horny mother.
"YOU LIKE THIS MOM?" He said, again in that commanding and dominant voice that Susan really loved.
"OH...YES BABY...ARRR...OHHHHH..YES...I FUCKING..LOVE THAT DICK...OHHH SO BIG AND HARD....ARRRR....YESSS...FUCK ME YOU LITTLE STUD....ARRR...OH....FUCK ME HARDER..OHHHH."
Tyler took her dirty words to heart and gripped his hands tightly on her hips. Using all the strength in his body, he slammed himself forwards, sending in one mighty thrust, the entire length of his cock pumping up her soaking wet pussy.
"ARRRRGGGGGGHHHHH!"
Susan screamed and collapsed forwards, her arms trapping beneath her tits. Tyler fell forwards too, keeping his massive prick right up her. He brought his weight down onto her ample and rippling ass cheeks, his big balls smacking against her flesh. He was now balls deep inside her and he began to batter her cunt hole.
Susan's face was buried into the pillow, muffling her cries as he brought her to another cunt-gushing orgasm. The hotel room was filled with the sounds of skin slapping hard against skin, along with Tyler's deep breathing and only the low volume of the television on the table.
Hotel rooms saw plenty of sex and if the walls could talk surely they would tell some tails, but this, well this was on a whole different level. This hotel room, like the one down the hall where Julia and Jake were 'hard at it', would have been witness to some serious hardcore, Mother and son fucking!
Tyler used all his body strength to pile-drive his mother into the bed. Her ass, (which Tyler had always thought looked like the Porn star Gianna Michaels ass) quivered and the skin rippled as he collided his crotch against it, repeatedly and with force.
He pressed his hands down into the bed, either side of her hips and used the extra leverage to slam his cock as hard as he could into her cunt-hole. Tyler was a horny, well hung, teenager that had not been getting enough sex and he took the years of frustration out on his mother's hot pussy. All the pent up sexual tension came flooding out of him as he nailed his mom's big breasted body for all he was worth.
Susan could not believe how hard he was fucking her, He had her completely pinned down, flat on the bed, by the unrelenting and hard pounding of his body against hers. She managed to turn her head sideways on the pillow and take some deep inhales and exhales of breath. Her pussy felt as though it was being ripped inside out as another big orgasm was building deep within.
"ARRRR....FUCK.....TYLER....OHHHH....ARRGGGGGHHH....FUCKER.... OHHHHH..."
Again she erupted around the large weapon that was pumping and pounding inside her.
Tyler could feel tiny jets of juices being squirted out when he pulled his cock backwards, hitting his skin and then dripping onto the bed sheet.
"OH MOM...YOU FEEL SO FUCKIN...GOOD!!"
Tyler placed emphasis on the final word as he shoved his cock deep up her pussy once more. His ass moved wildly back and forth, pulling away from her body and then instantly smacking back hard against her skin. He flexed and clenched his tight young butt as he drilled her pussy, still fucking her as hard as he could.
"OH TYLER....OH FUCK...SUCH...A....BIG...FUCKING COCK....FUCK THAT CUNT TYLER....FUCK MOMMY TILL SHE CANT..WALK...OH GOD...OHHHH...YES....YOUR FUCKING...WRECKING ME BABY...OHHHHH....FUCKING HELL...ARRRGGGGH!"
After a few more minutes, Tyler slowed his pace down and then, with a heavy and very wet popping sound, pulled his dick out of his mom's well fucked pussy.
He rolled off of her back and onto the bed, his cock waving around like a giant flag-pole.
"RIDE ME...GET ON TOP!
Susan could barely catch her breath or regain her composure, before she felt Tyler's hands grip around her arms and pull her towards him.
She climbed back up to her hands and knees and crawled closer to him. Throwing her left leg across his lap, she sat her ass down on his stomach, feeling his big whopper pressing against her.
She pressed her hands down onto his chest and exhaustedly hauled her bum back upwards. Tyler's cock slipped underneath her dripping cunt and then she felt the head re-enter her gapping fuck hole.
Tyler's hands immediately slapped on her ass as she began to use her legs to bounce up and down.
"OHHH BABY....GOD THAT COCK....SO BIG AND HARD...LET MOMMY RIDE IT...GOD ALMIGHTY...ARRRR...YES....WE...SHOULD HAVE DONE...THIS LONG AGO....OHHHH...GOD YOUR COCK FEELS GOOD....OHHH YES BABY...FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF YOUR HORNY MOMMY...ARRRRR!"
Susan's dirty talk really had an effect on Tyler. He was really quite shy and somewhat shocked to hear his mom talk this way to him, but on the other hand this was what he'd always wanted. To have her big tits jumping and slapping around above his head while her matronly ass beat against his thighs, taking his hard erect cock deep inside her wet pussy.
Tyler looked up at his mother, bouncing wildly on top of him. Her face was contorted and her eyes tightly shut. He lifted his hands off of her ass for just a second and then with surge of sexual excitement, slapped her hard.
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP.
"ARRR....OHHH YES BABY...OHHHH YES SPANK ME...SPANK THAT BIG FAT ASS...OHHHH YEAH."
Again he beat the palms of his hands against her flesh. The slaps echoed around the room, mixing with her loud screams and hard smacking of their bodies.
Susan felt the sharp stings that accompanied his slaps on her bum. She wriggled her full weight downwards and sat still on his cock. Then she began to rock her hips back and forwards, stirring his big dick around in her wet pussy.
"OH YES BABY....OH YOU BIG DICKED BOY...RIGHT UP MOMMYS CUNT..RIGHT TO THE BALLS..I FUCKING LOVE THIS...MMMMM!"
Now it was Susan's turn to be in control and she was feeling mean!
She placed her fingers at the top of his chest and lifted her palms. She scraped her nails sharply and viciously down his pecs, leaving deep red scratch lines on his skin.
"OUCH FUCK MOM...THAT FUCKING HURTS." He yelled, as he screwed up his face in pain.
"Shouldn't fuck your mother then should you, you dirty boy?" Susan replied in a sarcastic tone of voice.
Tyler got his revenge by removing his hands from her bum and then cracking them back down..hard..repeated several times.
Susan felt the sharp stings reverberate along the length of her spine and she gritted her teeth together and jerking her body upwards.
"OHHHH...OHHHH....OHHHHH...FUCKER....MMMM!"
She then looked down at her son, whose eyes were locked on her tits.
"Wanna suck 'em?" She asked.
Tyler simply nodded.
Susan leaned her body forwards, draping her jugs just inches above his face. Tyler lifted his head from the pillow, his eyes full of heaving tit flesh. He opened his mouth and poked out his tongue, aiming for the hard and erect nipple of her right breast.
From up above, it looked as though she was smothering his face between her boobs. She could not see his eyes or his mouth closing in on her, her mounds of tit flesh, hiding her boy's face from view.
Then she felt the wetness of his tongue touch her nipple and she threw her head back, while once again, beginning to shove her ass up and down on his rock hard cock.
Her meaty backside beat and slapped rhythmically against his thighs, his balls continually smacking her ass. Susan loved how wonderful his big cock felt inside her pussy and she could feel another big orgasm welling up inside her. She grinded down hard and screamed out,
"OHHHH BABY.....CUMMING...ARRRGGGHHH....YES....OHHHHH...FUCK..."
Susan erupted once more and squashed herself down on his balls, soaking them in her wet juices. Squelching sounds came from between her legs, as she orgasmed all over his big fat cock and squirted it onto the bed below.
Meanwhile, Tyler was mauling her big tits, digging his fingers deep into the flesh, his mouth and tongue darting from one nipple to the other. He buried his face between the vast valley of her cleavage and felt her shaking her upper body from side to side, smacking her boobs against his face.
Susan continued to ride her son's big cock, bouncing and grinding her bum deep on it to another hard orgasm. She wondered where on earth Tyler got his well endowed dick from, his father certainly had not been this big. She wondered too about her nephew Jake, was he's cock bigger than her son's? Julia had told her he was a 'big boy' but Susan could not help contemplating which of the two horny Milfs was getting the most stuffed up their pussies!
"OH MOM...I THINK I'M GONNA CUM.." Tyler called out, releasing his grip on his mother's tits and falling back flat on the pillow.
"IN ME BABY...SHOOT IT DEEP INSIDE YOUR MOMMY."
Susan placed her hands back on his chest and pushed down for extra leverage. She grinded hard, feeling his balls press against her asshole.
"GIVE IT TO ME TYLER....GIVE ME YOUR HOT SPUNK!" Susan cried out.
Jake's face was now contorted up as he felt the surge within his dick. His mom's pussy clung tightly around the shaft and stimulated him within her soaking wet hole. He placed his hands on her hips and prepared himself to cum right up inside her gash.
"OH MOM...OHHHHH.....OHHHHH!"
Susan felt the hot and yummy cum, blasting deep inside her, coating her cunt. She could feel the sperm surging around, mixing with her own coital juices. She rode his dick hard, moving it around her pussy like a beater stirring a cake mix. It felt as though Tyler was flooding her insides, sending jet after jet of his potent spunk into her womb. Good job she was on the pill, how easy it would be for her son to make her pregnant with all of his cum blasting deep up her chute.
"OHHHH.YEAH.....OH MOM....OH MY GOD...ARRR!" Tyler cried out with orgasmic pleasure as he held on tight to her hips, unloading the last of his thick spunk inside her welcoming pussy.
He opened his eyes and looked up at his mother. Her big boobs jumped slightly as she grinded her hips back and forth against his body, balls deep inside her pussy. Her face was rosy red, her hair a mess, her lipstick smeared from all the kissing. She breathed heavily as she met Tyler's gaze.
She smiled down at him, slowly bringing her exhausted body to rest. Underneath her dripping cunt, it felt as though she was sat in a puddle of water, their mixed cum drenching the forbidden place where they were joined.
Susan fell forwards, crushing her busty jugs against his muscled and sweaty chest. She placed her hands on the side of his face and smacked her lips hard against his. Their tongues danced together again now as their post-fuck emotions took over.
Susan felt no guilt about fucking her son. Her sister was absolutely right...It was the best fucking of her life! She felt so in love with her teenage son. He had, in one night gone from a boy to a man, giving his mother a really good, hard seeing too. Her wrecked pussy, still stuffed with his slowly softening cock, had never been fucked so hard, or for so long.
The clock on the table read 2.18am. They had been fucking for over two hours.
"Unbelievable the stamina of my son..what a stud." She thought to herself, as they continued their deep and very passionate kiss.
Tyler too could not believe his luck. All those nights standing silently outside her bedroom listening to her fucking herself, wishing that he could climb between her legs and get pumping her pussy with his hard whopper. Well tonight, in the secrecy of this hotel room, all his Christmas and Birthdays had come at once. He had done it...he had fucked his big breasted mother and made her cum so many times.
He desperately hoped that his mother would not regret this in the morning...because Tyler was desperate to be able to fuck his horny mother again.
He need not have worried, Susan was already planning in her mind the next hard fucking with her well hung son!
*
Chapter Seven
'All Cumming Together'
Jake and I had had it off again the next morning before we packed up and headed home. Before we left I went down the hallway and tapped on my sister's room door. There was no answer, so I assumed they had already left the hotel.
Outside in the car park, I scanned my eyes around to see if Susan's car was still there, sure enough it was.
"That's odd." I said.
"What is?" Jake replied.
"Well their car is still here, but there was no answer when I knocked at the door." I said, puzzled.
"Are you sure you knocked on the right door Mom."
"Yeah, room 213 that was theirs."
Jake shrugged his shoulders and climbed into the driver's seat of the car.
"I'll ring her later." I said as I got in beside him and we drove off out of the car park.
*
"Come to bed." Jake said as he waited, butt naked and sprawled out on the mattress.
I was over at the dressing table in my bedroom with the phone pressed against my ear. I had tried calling Susan three times since we got back home and was getting no reply.
"Strange." I said as I placed the handset back on the charging stand and turned around to see my son.
Jake looked so yummy laying there on the bed, his Adonis-like body ready for me to go and indulge in once more. His massive dick was already so big and hard, gently flexing over his stomach.
"What are you worried about," He said seeing the frown on my face.
"Nothing," I replied, "Just wanted to see that they got home alright."
"I'm sure they are fine Mom...now come and suck on THIS!" Jake said, pointing down at his luscious love length.
I smiled and climbed onto the bed, crawling between his legs and taking his big cucumber-sized erection in my hand.
Running my eyes up and down the huge 12 incher as I started to whack him off, I said in a seductive voice,
"Oh Mommy is hungry baby!"
I raised my head up and opened my mouth wide, wrapping my lips around the big bulbous head and sucking in deeply. His big cock slowly disappeared into my mouth, hitting against the back of my throat.
I had grown to love giving Jake blowjobs, the feeling of having my fist pumping up and down the massive shaft while I dribbled down it and mouthed it off. I loved swirling my tongue around the tip, licking up the little drops of tasty pre-cum.
"OH YEAH MOM!" He groaned out as I bounced my head up and down on his prick. He grabbed hold of my hair and applied pressure to the back of my head, trying to force me to go deeper. I gagged hard and my eyes watered as I took him down my throat. My saliva ran down his cock and over my hand as I continued to furiously beat his mighty meat.
Before long, I could feel his body tensing up and I knew he was about to blow. We had not fucked since the hotel first thing this morning and Jake's cum built up quickly in his big balls, now he needed relief.
"OH FUCK MOM...OH YES....URRRGHHH!"
Jake moaned out as I slapped my hand along the massive length hard and fast, the first huge stream of spunk firing from his piss-hole and slipping straight down my throat. The salty cum flooded my mouth and I had to keep swallowing hard to take it all down.
His ass flexed as he raised his hips up from the bed, shoving his cock through my wet hand and hard to the back of my throat. Another fresh blast of creamy hot spunk hit the back of my mouth. I was sucking hard like a vacuum cleaner, drawing every drop out of that massive dick.
"ARRRGH....OH YEAH...ARRRR MOM."
Jake's deep groans of pleasure made me so hot, I loved that I could bring my well hung boy to such sexual euphoria.
Finally, after slurping all the remains of cum from his giant prick, licking his balls and sucking them into my mouth, I looked up and met his gaze.
"MMMM that was a lovely big load for mommy," I told him.
"Yeah...well..mom...you sure know how...to make me cum.." He replied, breathing heavily.
"How about you get between my legs and make me cum now?" I asked in my sexiest voice.
Jake smiled and sat up on the bed. I lay down and threw my legs high in the air, spreading them wide like some dirty slut, showing my hunky son my 'goodies.'
"Get your mouth down there big boy." I commanded.
Jake fell between my legs, sticking out his tongue, he immediately connected with my wet cunt and wasted no time in going to work on it. His tongue lashed at my clit and along the puffy lips of my pussy. I reached my hands down and pressed hard on the back of head, simultaneously grinding my hips upwards, shoving my pussy harder against his face.
He had moved his hand up under my ass and I could feel his fingers probing between my cheeks then touching my ass-hole. While he moved his head up and down, his tongue and his mouth munching on my pussy, He pressed his finger against my butthole and applied a little pressure.
"OH YES JAKEY...OH FUCK....EAT THAT PUSSY...YEAH...PLAY WITH MY ASS...OHHH YOU DIRTY LITTLE...FUCKER...YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME CUM...OHHHH...ARRRGH OHHHH....BABY!"
I screamed as my orgasm washed over me, sending shivers up my back. Jake lapped and probed his tongue at my cunt-hole, greedily lapping up my juices. I felt his finger puncture my ass-hole and then wriggle around inside.
"OHHHHH YES...OH FUCK....ARRRRGHHH YES...JAKEY....OHHH YES....OHHH!"
The stimulus at both of my sensitive holes, kept me cumming for what seemed like ages. My whole body wracked and convulsed around on the bed. I brought my legs down and wrapped them tightly around Jake's head, trapping him between my legs, rubbing my pussy over his unrelenting tongue. I pulled his hair and yanked him hard, burying his face deep against my snatch. My big tits quivered and shook as I thrusted my body up from the mattress, throwing my head around from side to side. Jake was a fantastic pussy-eater and, to be honest, I could have stayed like this all night long, his young handsome face mashed against my cunt.
"OH YOU LITTLE FUCKER...YES...OHHHH BABY..EAT THAT PUSSY...OH JAKE...FUCKING HELL...OH YES...MMMM."
He now had his finger, knuckle deep in my ass-hole, fucking it in and out like a little cock. Then he went deeper in and I felt the ring on his finger touch my rubbery shitter. His hot breath and my burning loins, only tempered slightly by the cold gold of the ring as it beat against me.
Another big orgasm built up deep within my cunt and within moments I was again gushing into my son's waiting mouth.
Jake took me through twenty more minutes of intense cunt-munching, bringing me to so many orgasms that I lost count.
Finally I relaxed my strong thigh muscles and released his head from my tight grip. He crawled over my body, his tongue running over my flesh, along my stomach and around the big globes of my boobs. He flicked my sensitive nipples and then brought his face to mine.
"Oh you naughty little boy," I said, as I cupped his sticky looking face in my hands.
I opened my mouth and we kissed hard and deep.
Just then, I heard the phone ringing. I opened my eyes and Jake did too, we broke the sloppy wet kiss and he rolled off of me with a deep sigh, collapsing onto the bed beside me.
"Don't worry, Mommy will be back soon." I said as I swung my legs off the edge of the bed and stood up.
I crossed over to the dresser and picked up the handset.
"Hello."
"Hello Julia, its Susan," came the reply from the other end of the line.
"Oh Hi babe," I replied, "I have called you three times but there was nobody there."
"OH WE WERE HERE!" Susan replied firmly.
"Oh, " I said confused, "Why didn't you pick up, I just wanted to make sure you got home from the hotel ok."
"Yeah..we did...eventually!" Susan replied, hesitatingly.
"Why what happened?" I asked back.
"Julia..you will never believe what has happened?"
"No..what?" I said getting rather irritated.
"Well, last night in the hotel..after we went to our rooms..I...had sex with Tyler!" She said excitedly.
I was standing with my back to Jake so he could not see the look of shock and surprise on my face.
"YOU WHAT!" I yelled after a moment's pause.
"Well, I couldn't see why you should get to have all the fun Julia."
"Oh my god, how funny." I replied, with a giggle. "How did that happen?"
"Well I was so fucking horny after hearing about your antics with Jake that I had to go in the bathroom and fuck myself, but then I thought about Tyler and decided 'why not,' so I went and got into bed with him and before long...BAM!"
I could hear the excitement in Susan's voice as she went on to describe how they had been busy fucking when she had knocked on the room door this morning and how she had not been answering the phone because she had been bouncing around on his cock ever since they got home.
"Well," I said finally, "Sounds like we are both naughty mother's now then."
Susan laughed at the other end of the phone and then replied,
"Yes babe..I think we are...VERY naughty."
I turned around and looked at Jake. He was lying on the bed still, but with an inquisitive look on his face.
I smiled at him and raised my eyebrows.
"So, have you been getting naughty with that big hunk of yours since you got back?" Susan asked.
"Oh hell yeah," I replied, "In fact...right before you called."
Susan laughed at the other end of the phone.
"Oh shit sorry, didn't mean to interrupt."
"That's alright babe, we were just finishing up actually." I replied.
Jake looked at me with a strange and uncertain frown, he said quietly, "Who you talking too."
I just smiled back and raised one finger, signalling him to wait a moment.
"Well must go now darling," Susan said, "I can see a boy with a nice hard cock waiting for me."
"Yes, so can I," I said back with a slight giggle.
"Bye."
I heard the click at the other end of the phone as my sister hung up. I replaced the receiver back down again.
"Who the fuck was that?" Jake asked, firmly.
"Your Auntie Susan," I replied, "They got home ok."
"What were you talking about?" He asked rather concerned, as I climbed back onto the bed beside him.
"Well...you listen to THIS..." I said.
*
Several weeks went by after this. Jake, now knowing that his Aunt and his cousin were fucking each other's brains out too, continued to batter my pussy and my little ass-hole at every opportunity.
Susan and I would share our stories over the phone, about the latest sex session with our son's. Julia told me all about that moment when she had first taken Tyler's cock in her ass and how she had handcuffed him to her bed and spent all day using and abusing his body for her own amusement.
I would often have to go straight off and get Jake to bend me over and pound my horny cunt after one of Susan's phone calls. She always got me hot with her confessions, going into graphic and pornographic details about how her son had fucked her.
Then one day, during one of our almost daily phone calls, Susan said she had had an idea.
"You know I was lying in bed last night, with Tyler's cum dripping out of my pussy, when I came up with a really great idea."
"Oh yeah, what you dreaming up now, you dirty bitch?" I replied.
Susan laughed and said, "Well, how about...one day..we all get together and all have some fun!"
"You mean like an orgy?" I said enthusiastically.
"Yeah...you know...I fuck my son, you fuck your son and then maybe a little game of...swoopsies!"
I laughed out loud I could hear Susan doing the same.
"It would be a fuck-load of fun Julia..Think about it." She said.
"You just wanna get your hands on Jake's foot long cock, don't you, you dirty bitch?" I replied with a wide smile.
Susan laughed again and then replied emphatically,
"YOU BET I FUCKING DO SIS."
We both continued laughing, but between my legs I could feel my pussy getting wet with the suggestion of a big family fuck!!
*
A week later, after I had talked it over with Jake, we invited my sister and Tyler round to our house.
Jake had said that he would love to 'have a go' on his auntie's big tits and, from what Susan said, Tyler was just as keen to get naked with me. So all was arranged, Tonight they were coming round to ours and two horny, big breasted mother's were going to get pounded by two, very well endowed, teenage sons.
They arrived just after 7pm. We all had dinner and got each other turned on by talking about what was too come later on.
"Well," said Susan, "I think Julia should bend over and take Tyler's big dick while my hunky nephew gives his auntie Susan a good seeing too with that ABSOLUTELY MASSIVE cock!..Then when he has FUCKING DESTROYED MY PUSSY..We can swop round!"
"How about a little DOUBLE action Aunt Susan?" Jake asked boldly, "Think you could handle BOTH of us at once?"
Susan's eyes flew wide open as we all laughed out loudly. I looked at her and she looked at me.
"What do you reckon Julia, Think we could take a 12 incher and a 9 incher TOGETHER." She asked.
I hesitated, not because I did not wanna try a little double penetration, In fact I had already thought about the possibility of taking one in my cunt and one up the ass, but I waited to gauge Susan's reaction to Jake's suggestion. Seeing the excitement in her eyes and her big wide smile, I casually replied,
"I hope we can spread our holes wide enough for these two BIG BOYS!"
Again everyone laughed and we all stood up from the table and headed into the living room. As we all walked, Jake took hold of my hand and gently pulled me towards him, planting his lips against my mouth, kissing me hard.
"HEY YOU TWO," Susan called out ahead of us, "Wait until we get naked!"
"Just remember Mom, "Jake said quietly and lovingly after breaking the kiss, "My big dick belongs to you really."
I smiled and winked at him, knowing what he meant. Although he was just about to fuck his huge appendage up my sister's pussy, he wanted me to know that it was me he would be going to bed with tonight when they had gone home!
Susan had already removed her top and discarded it on the floor, her huge boobs flopped freely, having not bothered to wear a bra tonight.
She turned around and grabbed hold of her son's arm.
"You sit on the sofa Tyler, with Julia." She looked at me and motioned me towards the couch.
Tyler did as he was told, unbuttoning his jeans as he moved.
Susan then turned her lustful gaze towards my son and held out her arms as if ready to embrace him.
"COME HERE BIG BOY." She said, in a deep and seductive voice.
I sat myself on the sofa and looked at my nephew. He was a good looking boy really, although not quite the hunk my son was. I glanced down as he pulled his trousers over his hips, lifting his ass up from the sofa. I immediately saw the big bulge in his black Calvin Kline boxers and felt my already wet pussy getting hot.
Taking the lead, I leaned over and placed my hand directly on top of it, feeling that hard stiffness below the material. I moved my face towards his and aimed my lips to his mouth. He closed the gap between us and we kissed. Our tongues began a merry dance, twisting and sliding around in each other's mouths. I felt his hands touch my tits and give them a very forceful squeeze.
I could hear Susan starting to groan from across the room. I opened my eyes and directed my gaze to see Jake bending in front of my sister, his hands cupping her mounds of tit-flesh and stuffing his mouth full. She was running her hands through his dusty blonde hair and trying to pull his t-shirt over his shoulders.
I closed my eyes again and sucked on my nephew's tongue as I moved the palm of my hand around on his hard erection. I squeezed my fingers around the large lump and could feel the contours of his thick shaft beneath his shorts. His hands pulled at the material of my low-cut blouse and I heard some of the buttons come popping off. His hands then darted between the opening and his fingers plunged into the flesh of my breasts.
I pulled myself away from his face, sloppily parting our mouths. I looked into his deep set, but very innocent looking eyes and said,
"Let's see what we have under here."
I looked down at his crotch and moved my hands to the waistband of his boxers. I quickly ripped them back and his large cock come springing out over the top. It snapped back heavy and hard, slapping against his t-shirt covered stomach.
I pulled his boxers down further onto his thighs and exposed his balls. They were not as big as Jake's but still very nice.
I then stared into his eyes as I wrapped my fingers around his dick, lifting it up from his stomach and began to jack it in my hand.
Across the room, I looked to see that both Jake and Susan had got totally naked in a very quick space of time. I could see the energetic passion with which they had torn at each other's clothes, now heaped on the floor around their feet. Susan had both her hands already jacking on Jake's cock. He was not fully hard yet but I think my dirty sister would soon remedy that.
"Oh that feels good Auntie Julia," Tyler said in a gruff voice, causing me to turn my full attention back on him.
His nice hard cock was almost fully erect now as I beat it through my tightly gripping fingers. I guess that having got used to holding Jake's 12 inch whopper in my hand, Tyler's seemed quite a bit smaller, although at 9 inches was still perfectly adequate to give my hungry pussy a humping.
I smacked my lips back onto his mouth and forced my tongue passed his open lips. We French kissed again as I heard Susan call out from across the room.
"LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THIS BASTARD THING."
I did not open my eyes to look but I knew she was now seeing my son in all his immense glory.
Meanwhile, Tyler had moved his fingers to my nipples and was tweaking them hard, pulling them slightly and make my big breasts jiggle.
I was now furiously jacking off his cock, slapping my hand all the way up and down its length. I could feel the veins pulsating against the palm of my hand and my pussy getting wetter by the second.
After a few more moments, I stood up from the sofa, reaching for the zipper at the side of my skirt. As I undid it, Tyler stared up at me, his eyes glued to my big tits.
I looked over to see my sister, on her knees in front of my son, both her hands working and twisting along the length of his massive cock. Her lips were rapidly sliding along it, as she took him into her mouth, giving him, what looked like a nice, wet blowjob. It was quite a surreal moment really, seeing my sister and my son, both naked in the middle of my living room, her on her knees deep throating his giant cock!
I turned my attentions back to my nephew and dropped my skirt to the floor. I had no panties on underneath and now his gaze fixed upon my shaven pussy.
"Oh wow Aunt Julia." He said, almost so quietly he may have been saying it to himself.
With a smirk I raised my leg and brought it over his legs. Sensing that I was going to ride him, he lifted up his arms and held out his hands, ready to grab hold of my hips or my ass.
I came down astride him, sitting my bum on his legs. His big cock flexed on its own, just inches in front of my cunt.
I reached down and took it back in my right hand, firmly slapping it back so that it smacked against my stomach. His hands wandered, first from my hips and then down to the crack of my ass, where he dug in deep and pulled my butt cheeks apart.
"Oh you naughty bad boy," I said, seductively.
His eyes roamed wildly, running from my pussy, where I was continuing to beat his meat against me, up to my large melon tits. His mouth was wide open and for a moment he looked like a retard as he took in the sight of my Milfy body before him.
"So you have been fucking you mommy, have you?" I asked, breaking his gormless look.
"ARHA," He murmured, nodding at me.
"Well I think it's time your Auntie found out what your mother has been having up her every night!" I said as I lifted my butt off of his well muscled thighs.
I took hold of his hard stiffy and aimed it between my legs. I brushed the head along my wet pussy lips, teasing myself with it, before sinking down and filling my cunt full of his nice young cock.
He pulled my ass cheeks further apart as I began to bounce on him. Looking down below my flapping knockers, I saw his face change. He went from innocent to angry looking in a split second. He growled slightly as I felt him raising his hips, meeting my downward thrusts with his own, more forceful slams.
"OH YES...FUCK ME TYLER...FUCK THAT WET PUSSY."
I wrapped my fingers over his shoulders and held on tight as he began to really hammer his meat inside me. His hands ripped at my ass cheeks, exposing my bum-hole to a slight draft that was wafting around the room.
Our bodies slapped hard together, my tits bouncing wildly as he pounded my pussy.
From behind me I could hear my sister telling my son what she wanted him to do, in that domatrix-type voice that she did so well.
"GET BETWEEN MY LEGS AND BANG TWO BELLS OF SHIT OUT OF ME WITH THAT MASSIVE FUCKING COCK OF YOURS...GET IT RIGHT IN THERE YOU WELL HUNG LITTLE SHIT."
I smiled to myself and tried to look over my shoulder at them but Tyler was thrusting my body upwards so hard that I had to concentrate to hold myself balanced on his manly cock.
"OH YES....OH TYLER..FUCK ME....ARRRGH....FUCK.....OHHHHH....BABY...GOOD BOY...ARRRRGHH!"
My pussy exploded around his plunging fuck-stick, splashing my orgasmic juices over his balls.
"OHHH YES....ARRRGHH BABY....OH SO GOOD....MMMM" I cried out as my busty body continued to be assaulted by his pounding fucker.
Again behind me, a piercing scream as my son must have buried his cock inside Susan,
"ARRRRRRRGH FUCKING...HELLL....OHHHHHHHH...SHIT....YOUR RIPPING ME IN TWO...ARRRRRGHHH...FUCK ME JAKE...ARRRRGGGH...WHAT A MASSIVE FUCKING...DICK...OHHHHH...MY...GOD..."
I thought back to the first time I had felt Jake's enormous jackhammer ploughing up my pussy. In some ways I envied my sister right now...that first time experience.
Not that I was not getting it good and hard from my nephew...Because I was. His cock slammed, with immense pace, in and out of my dripping wet pussy. He looked like a man possessed as I wrapped my hands around his throat and held him tight. He looked up at me as I playfully choked him. His eyes bulged from their sockets and his nostrils flared. His fingers dug deep into my fleshy backside, feeling the ripples of my cheeks as they were relentlessly smacked against his powerful legs.
"ARRRGGHH YESS BABY...FUCK THAT PUSSY....OH YOU FUCKING LITTLE STUD...ARRRGHHH...OHHHHH."
My screams echoed with those of my sisters as loud slapping sounds filled the room.
"FUCK ME JAKE....FUCKING...HELL...FUCK THAT CUNT....ARRRGHHH YES BABY....FUCK YOUR HORNY AUNTIE...SLAM IT UP THERE BABY...GIVE ME IT ALL....WHAT A FUCKING...WHOPPER YOU'VE GOT...OH MY GOD...YES....ARGGGGHH FUCKING HELL....OHHHHH...RIP THAT CUNT HOLE APART....ARRRGHHH!"
Susan's scream-the-house-down cries made me cum again. It was a mixture of my own body reacting to the hard, pumping pussy-pounder that was battering my cunt-hole and the sound of my sister getting hammered against the floor by my huge-hung son.
"OH BABY....CUMMING....FUCK ME TYLER....OH YES...GIVE ME MORE."
Just then I felt his hands relinquish the tight grip he had on my ass and his arms lock around my back. He leaned his upper body forwards and using his powerful arms and legs, lifted my clean into the air. His big cock still remained buried, balls deep, inside me as he held me up in his arms and spun me around.
With a forcefulness that I had not expected from the shy 19 year old, he lowered me down onto the sofa and hooked my legs over his shoulders. He looked down on me with nothing but lust in his eyes and began to, quite literally, pile drive my big breasted body into the soft cushion seats of the sofa.
"OHHH BABY....OH FUCK!" I yelled, as his big muscular frame smacked hard against my ass.
His big balls slapped against me as he powered his big cock in and out of me, drilling it, balls deep into my wet cunt and then pulling back.
From the vantage point I now had, I could see Jake and Susan down on the floor, I watched his tight ass muscles flexing and clenching as he drove his massive dick into my sister's well spread cunt. She had her arms locked over his lower back and would occasionally get her fingernails and scrape them viciously over his pounding ass.
The breath was being well screwed out of both of us by our two young boys, so our screams became slightly muted and breathless.
"FUCK ME....OH GOD....SO BIG...FUCK ME JAKE...ARRRGHHH...OHHHH...YES!" Susan cried out.
My legs stretched over Tyler's shoulders and held much of the weight when he thrusted himself deep into me. I was completely at his mercy. I could do nothing but wrap my hands up around his neck and hold on for the ride.
The hard slapping of our four bodies and the orgasmic screams of big-cock sex were enough to wake the dead.
After several more minutes of this relentless and very hard pounding, I heard my sister call out from across the room.
"OH JULES...YOU WERE RIGHT....FUCK WHAT A COCK...OH MY GOD...BABE...SEND TYLER OVER HERE...ARRRGHH...I WANT HIM TO RIP...MY ASS APART....OHHHH."
Tyler stopped fucking me and looked back over his shoulder. Then he returned his gaze to me and said, out of breath.
"Do you..mind...Aunt Julia?"
I shook my head and replied,
"No..go get her stud!"
He pulled his cock out of me and allowed my legs to fall from his shoulders. To be honest I was quite pleased to get the rest. My cunt was gapping wide open and I could feel my juices dripping out of me.
I watched in silence as Susan lifted herself up from the floor, pushing Jake out of her pussy.
"LAY ON THE FLOOR JAKE." She ordered and he abruptly followed, his big hard dick waving around like a flagpole on a windy day.
Susan threw her legs either side of his hips and came down astride him, taking his whopper in her hand and quickly shoving it back inside her pussy. She then leaned forwards, pressing her big boobs into my son's chest.
Tyler, sensing what he needed to do, got down on his knees and moved between Jake's spread legs. Susan reached her arms behind her back and took handfuls of her ample butt flesh in her hands. She roughly yanked her cheeks wide apart, displaying her ass-hole to her son's advancing cock.
I watched in awe of my sister, as Jake held her still on top of him while Tyler edged his fuck-tool forwards, the bell-end disappearing between the valley of her ass-cheeks.
"DO IT BABY...FUCK MOMMY RIGHT UP THE ASS...RAM IT RIGHT UP THERE!"
In so many ways my sister and I were exactly the same. She loved to talk dirty while getting fucked, but today she seemed even more angry and insistent that she be given what she needed.
Tyler jammed his hips forwards, busting his cock through her hymen and filling her bowels.
"ARRRGGGHHHH FUCK!" Susan screamed, louder than ever as he was stuffed with two very large jackhammers.
Susan seemed to need no time to get used the feeling of having her pussy and ass reamed at the same time. Instead, within seconds she was telling our two boys to really go at it.
"ARRRRGH...FUCK ME YOU BIG HUNG STUDS...DO IT...FUCKING..HARD..RAM THAT CUNT...RAM THAT ASS...RIP THE SHIT OUT OF ME...WITH THOSE MASSIVE FUCKING HORSE DICKS...ARRRGHHH...DO IT HARD...OHHHH!
The boys took their lead from Susan and wasted no time in pumping and pounding her body. I felt a deep burning in my pussy as I watched her being wrecked by their big cocks. From my sideways-on view, I could not actually see them ripping her holes apart, so I got up from the sofa and walked across the floor.
I moved behind Tyler and looked down over his shoulder. I had never watched anyone getting fucked before, let alone DP'd and I must confess it was amazing to see. Tyler's big cock, pummelled at his mother's shithole, her tight puckered hole being forcefully banged into.
I then got down on my knees and lowered my head towards the floor. I could see, through Tyler's legs, the sight of Jake's big veiny prick as it slammed with power and force up inside Susan's cunt. I could also see how wet she was and the little puddle of goo that was forming on my carpet beneath them.
"ARRRGHHH FUCK ME...FUCK ME....ARRRGGHHH...FUCK...YOUR KILLING ME YOU FUCKERS...OHHHH...GOD....ARRRGHHHH."
Susan's screams and the hard slapping of the bodies continued to echo around the room, probably right down the street as well!
I had to put my fingers onto my clit and rub myself hard as I watched the incestuous display before me.
"FUCKING HELL YOU ARE TAKING THOSE BIG COCKS." I called out.
"OHHHH JULES...OH FUCK....THEIR...SO...FUCKING HUGE...OH MY GOD...ARRRGHHH...BIG COCKS...BIG FAT CUNT RIPPING COCK...ARRRGHHH" she screamed back at me.
Tyler raised his hands high over his head and then sent them crashing down onto his moms jiggling backside. He repeated it several times, powerfully whacking and spanking his mother's ass.
I stood up again to see the big red marks appearing on her ass as he kept on slapping her. Jake too, had moved his arms around behind her back and had replaced her hands in holding her ass cheeks apart. She had shifted hers up around my son's neck and was clinging onto him for dear life.
Her body shook and was so forcefully fucked forwards by their big pounding cocks, that I wondered how she was standing the onslaught. She must of cum numerous times over the next ten minutes, as her orgasmic and breathless, cries indicated.
I continued to frig off my pussy, using one hand to strum my tingling clit button and the other to finger myself. As I wriggled three fingers around inside me, I could feel my cunt muscles tighten up. I had to stand with my legs wide apart and my knees bent, so that I could really fuck myself to orgasm. The scene below me was all the visual I needed to bring myself to another raging climax.
"OHHHHHHHH MMMMMMM!" I groaned out, as pussy juice squirted out of my pussy and onto the floor. One jet fired and landed on Tyler's back, which he must of felt but was too busy reaming his moms ass to take much notice.
Jake moved his head on the floor and looked out from under my sisters fast, heaving body. He gazed up at me and gave me a lovely big, boyish smile.
"Your turn next Mom." He said.
Before I could say anything, Susan yelled out again as another big orgasm washed over her well fucked body.
"OHHHHH CUMMING....FUCK...ARRGGGHHH....YES..MMMMMMM FUCKING HELL....YOU BIG BAD FUCKERS....ARRRGGHHH...YOU'RE FUCKING KILLING ME....OHHHHH!"
As Susan's head fell limp beside my son's face, I could sense that she could not take much more of this double fucking. Her ass and pussy must have been burning hot as those big cocks ripped at her. So I decided it was my turn to get demolished.
"HEY BOYS...I'M GETTING LONELY OVER HERE," I called out with my hand raised in the air. Tyler turned his head to look at me and Jake smiled widely.
"GO BOYS!" My sister called out from down on the floor, barely able to catch her breath. "GO...AND FUCK..JULIA NOW BOYS...OH SHIT...I AM FUCKING WRECKED!"
Tyler was the first to stand up, ripping his cock out of his mother's butt-hole with a loud pop. Jake rolled my sister off of him, leaving her in a lifeless heap on the floor, where she coiled up into a foetal position, totally spent of energy.
The boys stood in front of me and I turned my back to them. I reached my hands back around and fumbled to find their huge cocks. I gripped my son's giant dick in my right hand and Tyler's in my left and pulled them forwards. I walked back over to the couch, leading them behind me by their hard young pricks.
"Follow me boys!" I said in my most seductive voice.
I stopped at the edge of the sofa and told Tyler to sit down, which he swiftly did.
I looked over my shoulder at my son, releasing my grip on his dick and feeling it slap hard against my ass. Jake had also moved his arm up and wrapped it around my waist, his fingers gently stroking around my tummy.
"Your turn to stick it up the ass baby," I said as I lifted my leg and stepped forwards. I placed my knees on either side of Tyler's hips and reached again for his cock, placing it at the entrance to my soaking wet pussy.
Jake had moved up behind me and bent his knees forwards to get his cock at the right height to be able to plunge up my bum-hole.
"SHOVE EM' IN BOYS," I called out in a whooping show-girl like voice.
Tyler was in first, jamming his hips up and filling my hot pussy with his cock. I looked over my shoulder again and smiled to my son as he met my eyes and then looked down my back to where his raging hard whopper was about to slide between my butt cheeks.
I inhaled deeply, holding my breath. I looked over at my sister, still laid out on the floor. She was truly wrecked.
Then I felt it. Jake's big cock head squeezed my cheeks apart and touched my throbbing ass-hole. Jake had become used to fucking my ass and he knew exactly how much pressure to apply, softening me up, before he sent his inches deep into my anal cavity.
He pushed and in he went. I felt the thin membrane of skin that separates a woman's pussy from her ass, being squashed.
"ARRRRGHHHHH FUCK.....OHHHHH....YES..." I cried out as I felt Jake go deep up my ass.
Tyler too, took his cue to start fucking my pussy once again, seconds later they were both hammering at my holes.
"OHHHHH ARRRRRGGHHH FUCK....YOU HUNG LITTLE SHITS...OHHH...GOD YES...FUCK ME...FUCK THAT ASSHOLE JAKE...GIVE IT TO ME HARD...TAKE IT....OHHHH...TYLER...MAKE ME CUM....ARRRRGHHH BOYS!"
I held on tightly to Tyler's shoulders, trying to hold my balance while these two teenage fuckers slammed my body.
Inside, my cunt welled up to another orgasm, which sent pulses along my spine. It felt as though their huge cocks were side by side and that nothing was separating them. It was a deep burning sensation but not unpleasant, I could get used to it!!
My tits bounced wildly in front of Tyler's face, until Jake reached his strong hands around and held them in his tight grip.
"FUCK ME....OH....JESUS...YOU LITTLE MOTHER FUCKERS...ARRRRGHHH YEAH...YOUR TEARING ME IN TWO...OHHHH.FUCKING HELL....ARRRRRGHHHH!"
As they continued their assault upon my busty body, I noticed out the corner of my eye, Susan slowly crawling on her hands and knees across the carpet towards us.
She got closer and I heard her yell up to me, "FUCKING AWESOME AREN'T THEY...OUR BIG STRONG BOYS."
"YES...OHH..FUCKING HELL...YES...ARRRGHHH!" I screamed back.
A few seconds later, Jake began to groan loudly behind me. I thought that maybe he was about to cum. I looked back over my shoulder again just as he closed his eyes tightly shut and said,
"OH YES AUNT SUSAN...LICK MY ASS-HOLE...OH THAT FEELS GOOD MAN."
"OH SUSAN, YOU DIRTY BITCH!" I yelled as I turned my head back around.
My filthy minded sister was down there shoving her tongue around my son's butt-hole, licking his rim.
"What a slut," I thought to myself.
My body continued to be pounded front and back, their strong cocks bringing me to another explosive, body rocking, orgasm. My juices had no way of escaping, my holes were too tightly plugged. I could feel it all swirling around inside me, being stirred by Tyler's humping prick.
"OHHHH FUCK.....OHHH MY GOOD GOD....I FUCKING LOVE THIS....ARRRGHHH...REAM MY ASS-HOLE JAKE...REAM IT DEEP...OHHHH...YOU FUCKING LITTLE SHITS.!"
Behind me, Jake's groans grew deeper and ever louder. I could not hear Susan so I assumed she still had her face buried between his butt.
"GONNA CUM...SOON..OHHHH.." Jake cried out.
I used all the strength in my hips to shove my ass back as hard as I could, impaling his massive whopper cock as far up me as it would go, really stretching my ass-hole around that throbbing prick so much that it was really hurting me.
I was expecting Jake to blast his wad deep up my shitter, but instead he pulled backwards, painfully, sliding his cock from my buttery rim.
"GET DOWN HERE." I heard Susan yell and I obediently yanked myself up from Tyler's dick, which sent my cunt gunk, gushing onto the floor below.
Jake took his cock in his hand and Susan placed her head just below it, opening her mouth wide and sticking out her tongue, ready to receive his big, sticky spunk.
Seeing this, I quickly dropped to my knees and moved my open mouth into a position next to my sisters. We looked like a couple of porn stars kneeling there, waiting for the well-hung male lead to end the scene by covering his co-stars faces in his cum.
Jake groaned loudly and the first large, long rope of spunk blasted from his cum cannon cock. It landed across Susan's waiting tongue and over her left cheek, before in rapid order, Jake swung his cock to the right and sent the second jet snaking across my face.
I licked it from my lips just as another large load dumped on my chin and fell onto my heaving chest, dribbling down my tits and dripping to the carpet below.
I shut my eyes to avoid any cum getting in them and stinging me, as yet another ribbon of hot cream landed on my nose and fell into my mouth.
I swallowed hard, letting the salty sperm slide down my throat, leaving a warm feeling, deep within my chest.
Thinking he must have finished unloading, I opened my eyes, just in time to see him dump yet more of his spunk on Susan's face.
She was covered in it, as I guess I was too. I looked down at her tits and saw the streaks of white lines running down those big melons of hers. I watched as she opened her mouth wide again and began to lick the head of his cock, taking the last little drops onto her tongue as they oozed out of his piss-hole.
Before I knew what was happening, Tyler was stood directly in front of me, his hand beating madly along the length of his cock.
"GONNA CUM AUNT JULIA," He cried out.
I lifted my hands up to my breasts and pushed them up, holding them tightly together.
"OVER MY BIG TITS TYLER...COVER THEM IN YOUR CUM BABY." I shouted back up to him.
Seconds later and with a forwards jerk of his entire body, I watched as his cum splashed out of his dick and onto my boobs. Five thick and potent ropes jetted across my fat jugs before I hungrily lowered my chin and began to slurp up the tasty juices.
My boobs were all slippery and wet with spunk as I worked the white goo around with my tongue.
Just then Susan's face appeared before me and she rolled out her tongue from her mouth, her face still dripping with cum.
She licked between the deep valley of my cleavage, scooping up the large amount that had formed between my tightly held together boobs. Then she lapped up the remnants of the two spunk loads that had creamed my tits, paying a special moment of attention to my sensitive nipples.
I looked up to see that both the boys had collapsed back on to the sofa, both sweating heavily and looking exhausted. Their stomachs and chests moved rapidly as their heavy breathing continued. They both looked at each other and proudly smiled. Jake raised his open hand and directed it towards Tyler, who copied his cousins action and they met in the middle, high fiving each other in mutual congratulations, for just banging the shit out of their horny Milf mother's.
I smiled as Susan brought her face up from my large rack and then aimed her, cum covered tongue towards my mouth. I opened up and willingly accepted it into my mouth, quickly mingling my tongue with hers.
"Shit..Look at THAT." I heard Jake say from the couch, as the two boys watched their mother's indulge in a deep, cum-swapping, kiss.
After a few blissful moments kissing my sister, we drew our mouths apart, a thin dribble of saliva and spit trailing between us.
We both looked at our son's, sprawled on the couch then looked back at each other with a laugh.
"I think we exhausted our two big boys Julia?" Susan remarked.
"Well they didn't do too bad a job on us either!" I replied, reaching down and feeling my well fucked pussy, my asshole contracting hard.
"Yeah they did good," She said, nodding in agreement.
We all smiled at one another and then Susan and I pulled ourselves to our feet. The smell of sex permeated the room and that musky scent of cum that lingers around after sex, I breathed it in deeply.
"You know boys," Susan said in her deep seductive voice, "You better get used to this..Because I for one am gonna want plenty more of that big dick, double penetration action...how about you Julia?"
"Yeah, me for two," I replied nodding my head.
Then Susan stepped forwards and reached down to take her son by the hand. She pulled him up and stood face to face with him, their eyes locked on each other. She ran her tongue across her lips and we all waited to see what the big breasted bitch would do.
"But right now," She said..."I wanna take my big boy to bed... and have him all to myself...can we use your spare room Julia?"
"Yeah of course honey," I replied.
Both giggling, Susan turned and led her son out of the living room door, they sounded like a couple of kids as they scrambled up the stairs and then I heard the bang of the bedroom door closing.
I looked down at my son, his large cock still semi hard, resting on his lap. I stepped towards him and leaned forwards, my big rack swinging below me.
"Do you think you could go again Jakey...just me and you this time?" I asked with a dirty look.
He thought for a moment and then, running his eyes down to my tits, said,
"For you I think I can Mom."
I took hold of his wrists and pulled him up from the sofa. Now it was our turn to run, butt naked up the stairs, my big tits and his hardening cock slapping around as we ran.
Getting through the door of our bedroom, I wrapped my arms around my son's neck and looked him deep in the eyes.
I smiled and said proudly,
"You know what...you really are too big to resist."
We kissed and fell onto the bed, ready for some more mommy and son fucking!!
*
THE AFTERTHOUGHT....
Way back at the start of this story, I told you that I was more satisfied and happy than at any other time in my life. Well that is so very true.
After we brought my sister and nephew into our incestuous games, things got even better. We got together for regular family fuck sessions and getting DP'd became a constant feature in both my life and Susan's.
Now of course, I cannot recommend that every mother follows the path that I did, seducing your son is a highly risky business that can back-fire spectacularly. Not every son is gonna wanna fuck his mother, or indeed every mother fuck her son...But the next time you are passing your son's bedroom, just stop and consider what you might discover asleep on the bed...just maybe you too will find it...TOO BIG TO RESIST!!
The End.
