(Author's Tribute: I would like to thank the author of the letter in Fiesta Readers' Letters Volume 2, Page 66 which this story was developed from. I am very sorry that I don't have any further details but just to say, I may have never written for Literotica at all if it wasn't for this letter. Many thanks. $.)
*
The boy was a typical teenager. Though in his last year of school, instead of worrying about what he would be doing next year in term of going to college or going out to work; ever since his hormones took over, most of the time, all he could think about was sex. In the last year, he had found that he was growing like a beanstalk and was rapidly approaching the six-foot mark. Though still thin, he was starting to fill out but not just his body. His cock had somehow turned from a small worm into a fat slug overnight. And that was when it was soft. Fully erect, it stuck out like some curved pole. He was quite proud that when he had a really big hard-on, his hand could just encompass its circumference. He also managed to measure its length once and found it just came over 9 inches. The kids at school took the mick but he didn't care. They weren't the ones who were going to give a girl shagging of her life (once he had found one to take his damn virginity).
Lately he found that his sexual urges were getting more and more powerful. Not only did he have to wank first thing in the morning, he also started doing the same as soon as he got home from school and, of course, before he went to sleep at night. Not only that but he found that he was steadily taking longer to cum as his experience grew. More and more often, he risked being late for school and it was only his mum banging on the door to tell him to get up forced him out of bed, with an aching erection still waiting to be satisfied.
School had one major problem: it was an all boys' school. No girls at all. Nor did he know any girls of his age. Yes, there were women there but they were teachers. The chances of shagging one of them were practically nil (though there were a few he could easily have a go at).
As time went on, he got more obsessed. He finally got to a point where he was sizing up every female (girl or woman) he saw. No one was safe from his gaze. This eventually included his mother.
For the last few months, ever since his birthday, the boy had started taking notice of her. She was a statuesque woman who was in her early forties. Still reasonably attractive (though a little old for his tastes), he knew that she was not having any sex since his father had died 10 years ago and she had not been involved with anyone since.
However, he didn't become obsessed with her until that fateful day when he came home from school early. He had just slipped into the house when he saw his mother, stark naked apart from a towel wrapped around her head, coming out of the bathroom. That was when he found out what a big woman his mother was. Well-fleshed than fat. He watched how her big milky-white breasts swung heavily as she walked, her large but shapely arse swaying back and forth. Suddenly, the boy found that he had a pillar of granite inside his trousers like never before. Once in the sanctity of his bedroom, he had to wank himself three times before his erection died.
After that every time the boy saw her, he instantly got an erection and every time he masturbated, his mother was the woman he fantasised about. When she was not looking, he would lustily gaze at her, noting how her big breasts jutted against her dress or blouse. Since the weather was hot at the moment, she would often have a few buttons of her top undone and sometimes he would be lucky enough to get a flash of her heavily laden bra.
For as long as he could remember, him and his mother would spend a fortnight each year visiting his aunt and uncle, the aunt being his mother's best friend since childhood.
It was boiling hot on the first day of their visit, so his mother decided to go swimming at the local beach. The boy was only too happy to go with her, eager to see more of her body. As they came out of the water, he could not help but notice that his mother's wet swimming costume was clinging to her body. She wore an old-fashion one-piece suit and the soaked cotton material was moulded against her figure. He couldn't help but take in her big shapely breasts, the large nipples perky like fingertips. Below, between her thighs, a very prominent and bulging cunt mound was sculpted by the waterlogged costume, the very split of her quim visible as the material was tight against her crotch as if drawn in by suction. Immediately, images of his mother naked coming out of the bathroom that day came back to him as the boy stared at the female goodies displayed by his mother. To his embarrassment, he realised his mother had noticed him looking at her and that he had a hard-on which he was trying to hide. She looked away, clearly embarrassed herself.
Nothing was said and that evening, his mother, his aunt, his uncle and he all went out for a meal. After they had got back to the house, he decided to go straight to bed while the others stayed downstairs for a nightcap (or two).
In bed, the boy felt a twinge in his loins as he remembered the incident on the beach. He had already shot off two loads of spunk into the air and his cock was started to get sore. But he still felt horny.
He had been tossing and turning in bed for about half an hour and when a light tap on his door and his mother peeped in. She wore a flowered dressing gown and her reddish brown hair was unpinned to hang down over her shoulders. Immediately, he felt his penis starting to stir back into life. Sitting beside him on the bed, she asked what he was reading, how he was finding the holiday and other small talk. Her scent filled his nostrils and sent his head spinning, such the fairness of her face, sprinkled with attractive freckles, that her full soft lips seemed red as cherries. He could also smell the drink on her breath and seeing the slightly glazed look in her eyes, he realised that she was slightly drunk.
"Are you too old for your old mother to still kiss you goodnight?" she asked.
Well, she hadn't kissed him goodnight for several years and he eagerly lifted his head up for her to kiss him, his cock now a huge thick pillar throbbing painfully under the bed sheets.
The boy couldn't stop himself, as his mother went to kiss him on the cheek; he found his mouth on hers. He was surprised that she didn't pull away. Instead, the kiss lingered for a long moment, her lips soft and sweet. When he heard his mother mutter "Oh!", still making no attempt to move away from him, he found himself putting his arms around her; pushing his tongue to her lips and feeling her mouth slowly open, her body trembling. Their kissing continued, getting more and more passionate. The boy now on automatic, driven on by his huge throbbing hard-on, he slipped his hand inside her dressing gown and cupped and squeezed one of her big heavy breasts.
"Oh, honey," she moaned and he saw her glance at the tent in his sheets made by his rampant hard-on.
Suddenly she pulled away from him.
"Noooo! This is wrong!" she cried out.
"Mum?" the boy said, all bewildered. But his mother tore herself away and fled from his bedroom. He never felt so horny, so frustrated. Though still a virgin, he had kissed and fondled girls his own age, but his mother's kisses and the feel of her body was the best he had ever known. Now she had left him with a raging cockstand. It never felt so huge or hard. It was if his cock was made out of granite.
God! He wanted so much to fuck her, fuck her so badly. Even in his lust-driven mind, a small voice told him that it was wrong to do such a thing, that the chances were his mother would throw him out for daring such a thing. He could lose everything and what if his uncle and aunt heard? But he had wanted her for too long and his need to fuck his own mother overpowered everything else.
With his erection throbbing painfully, he got up out of a bed and tiptoed along to her room. Not wishing to risk announcing himself with a knock at the door, he went in to find her sitting before her dressing table brushing her long hair.
When she turned, her eyes were wide as she glanced at the tent raising from his groin. Her large breasts tits jutted out against her nightie.
"What are you doing here? You should be in bed."
Ignoring what she was saying, the sex-crazed teen moved across the room to where she was now standing.
"No, you mustn't. It's not right!" she protested as he took her in his arms. His body pressed into her yielding flesh and his upstanding prick pressed hard against her plump cunt.
"I'm your mother. Oh! This is so wrong ...(umph) " She gasped as he forced his mouth onto hers. The boy could feel her resolve weakening as he started rubbing his thick stiff shaft up and down against her cunt mound, which pressed back then began to push back meeting his thrusting.
He guided her across the room and lowered her over the bed, her legs dangling to the floor.
"Let him see you, I want to see you naked," he said, pleadingly, desperate to see her fully naked.
As he pulled at her nightie, he could feel that she actually raised her bottom and lifted her arms so that her lovely body was quickly revealed. Before him her big heavy breasts hung down and he buried his face between them, clasping each globe and sucking hard at the nipples.
She fell back so that her opened thighs were directly opposite his face. The cunt hair on her mound was a ginger bust, curling about a parted slit that pouted and showed the dew of aroused lubrication. The boy put his mouth to it and sucked the lips, his tongue piercing the warm wet recess.
His mother raised her knees, gripping his head and pushing her cunt against his face, muttering, murmuring and sighing, aroused beyond caring as the boy sucked and chewed on her cunt lips.
"(Oh God) this is so wrong," his mother moaned, "But it's been so long. Oh do it, honey. I want it so much. Do it, do it. Fuck me!"
The boy felt a shiver as he realised that his mother was actually asking him to have sex with her, and to use the word fuck. He'd never heard his mother even say damn before. He went between her legs and groaned as he felt her grip his stout shaft between thumb and forefinger, guiding it to her quim.
The sensations the boy felt as he slowly pushed his aching penis into his mother's vagina almost blew his mind. He could feel the rippled walls of her wet sheath slide tightly down his engorged erection as he slid inside. He couldn't believe it, he was finally fucking.
The boy's mother groaned as if in great pleasure and moved her pelvis forward to receive his full length, feeling the knob enter her womb.
"(unnngh) Christ! You feel enormous!" she gasped, making her son tremble even more.
Finally he had penetrated her up to his balls, her cunt channel was tight yet comfortable, moist and warm.
"Oh Mum, " the boy moaned, "This feels so good. I do love you. Tell me you love it up you."
"(oooh) Oh my God! I do, you naughty boy," his mother whispered back. "(oooooh) Oh it's so lovely, but terrible what we are doing! We mustn't, we shouldn't."
All the same, her legs locked behind his knees and her buttocks lifted from the bed in great heaves.
"Oh Jesus Christ! It feels so good! Oh my baby, you feel so good. So big and hard."
Getting more turned on by the minute, the boy started returning his mother's thrusts, first pulling halfway out of her hole before ramming his entire erection back into her up to the hilt.
"Oooh! I'm cumming, CUMMING! Push harder, baby. Shove it right up!"
Such was her frenzy, he felt she was going to buck him off her but clasped tight by her hands and legs. Unable to hold back, he thrust his thick erection into her up to the root and held himself there. He listened to his mother groan as the mouth of her cunt stretch impossibly around the base of the boy's huge shaft, and unable to hold back anymore, he started squirted his potent baby-making sperm into her cunt, her womb again and again.
Finally, with both of them gasping, they both rolled apart.
His mother pulled a sheet across her nakedness as if ashamed to let him see her breasts and vagina.
"Oh my God! What have we done?" she said terrified, "You must leave at once! What if we were heard?"
With the lust gone, the boy realised what he had done. With a sob, he ran out of her bedroom back to his own.
In the darkness, the boy just lay there in his bed. His mind was at war. A part of him was disgusted at what he had done. He had raped his own mother. The other part enjoyed it. Not so much the actual raping but the fact he had finally fucked someone. His own mother in fact. Finally after what seemed like hours, exhaustion overcame him and he fell asleep
When he woke up the next morning, he remembered what happened the night before. He could not believe what he had done. He had fucked and came inside his own mother. The same mother who had looked after him all his life, especially after his father had died. How could he have done it? Sure he had fantasised about her but he was sure a lot of boys his age did that. Doing it in real-life was something altogether different. At first he blamed his mother. She did come into his room after all and allowed him to kiss and fondle her. But that was no excuse. She was his mother and he should respect her, not lust after her. Besides she had been drunk.
He lay there in bed thinking what had happened last night. He could not help but to picture her underneath him as he roughly fucked her. The feeling of her cunt wrapped tightly around his cock. The more he thought about it, the more aroused he became and the less guilty he felt. He suddenly realised that more anything, he wanted to fuck her again, despite the dangers, despite her protests.
Trembling with lust, he pulled back the bed covers, he quickly fished out his now aching erection and started to fondle it. As his passions mounted, he started to stroke himself harder and harder, reliving the moments when he was lustily fucking his parent. With a large groan, he came, shooting large spurts of white cum into the air.
As soon as he felt satiated, the guilt returned.
Getting washed and dressed, he went downstairs for breakfast and found his mother wasn't there. His aunt informed him his mother was a little under the weather. It was obvious that his mother could not face him after what he had done to her. Feeling ashamed, he decided to spend the morning down at the beach.
That afternoon, when his aunt and uncle were out for a local race meeting in Blackpool, he tapped at her bedroom door. The guilt was still there and he was also worried that he may have hurt her.
"Who is it?" A voice said softly on the other side of the door.
"It's me." The boy replied.
There was a pause and then she told him to come in.
She was lying in bed, her face wet with tears. On seeing him, she pulled herself up so that she was sitting upright. Immediately the boy's gaze fell onto his mother's breasts as they swelled out against the fabric of her nightdress. He groaned inwardly as he felt his prick lurch within his pants. Tearing his eyes of her boobs, he sat next to her on the bed.
She looked at him. "I am so sorry." She said and then she burst out crying again.
His lust forgotten, the boy took her in his arms.
"Why are you sorry?" he asked.
His mother suddenly stopped sniffling as she said: "It was so wrong we did last night, what I allowed us to do."
Hearing the angst in her voice, the boy pulled her head to his chest, his remorse suddenly overpowering his feelings of desire.
"It's not your fault. It's was mine. I r-r-raped you." He said.
On hearing that, his mother pulled her head back and looked straight up at him.
"No! Don't ever say that!" she said with force, "You are young and could not help yourself. I have forgotten how lusty boys -- I mean young men your age can get." Then she added "BUT you never raped me."
With a surprising show of strength, she pulled the boy's head against her bosom.
"Please, sweetheart. Please don't ever think that. It was my fault! I should have never have gone to your room."
"But Mum, "protested the boy, "If I didn't come to your bedroom after and..."
"No darling, "interrupted his mother, "You did not rape me." She pulled his head tighter to her chest. "It is not if I put up much of a fight."
They said nothing for a few moments. The boy felt his mother's large chest against his face. Images of her breasts naked appeared in his mind and he felt his arousal starting to overpower his feelings of guilt.
"Oh, Mum. I-I-I know I shouldn't say this." And then he paused.
His mother lifted his head up. "Yes, honey." She said, looking into his face with concern. She had stopped crying by now.
He looked at her. Christ! She looked so good. So horny. So fuckable. Taking a deep breath he said: "It did feel so good. I-I-I never thought it would feel so good."
Seeing his mother's mouth in surprise, he quickly added "But if I hurt you in anyway..."
She looked at him for a few seconds before replying.
"Oh my God, No," she admitted, "You did not hurt me. Not at all. In fact..." she caught herself before she said anything further. His cock sprung to a full erection as he realised that his mother almost admitted that she had enjoyed last night.
She had enjoyed their fuck.
She then looked up at him. "But it was so wrong what we did."
"But it felt so good." The boy said again.
"But it was wrong. I am your mother and you are my son. We shouldn't do things like that -- no matter how good it feels." She said.
The boy's face was only inches away from his mother's. He studied his mother's lips. Christ! He wanted to kiss her. He had to kiss her. That thought caused his stone-hard erection to throb even more painfully.
"Mum? Can I kiss you." He blurted out.
She looked at him and then offered her cheek.
"N-no." he stammered, "I want to kiss on the lips."
"What?", she said looking up at him in surprise.
"Please? Just this once." he pleaded.
"No. It is not right." Though to the boy's ears, his mother sounded hesitant. Ignoring her pleas, he gently kissed her mouth. She did not kiss him back. He pulled away.
"Honey. Don't" she gasped as he kissed her again.
"Honey.." a third kiss.
"No." a fourth but this time he felt her return his kiss.
The fifth and her kiss was stronger.
He had won. Groaning, he brought his mouth firmly onto hers. His tongue snaking inside her mouth to duel with her own. He heard her moan as he grabbed hold of one of her breasts through the nightdress.
Trembling with lust, the boy pulled away and started undoing his trousers.
"That's what you do to me." the boy said, showing his mother his large throbbing erection, causing her to gasp, "Let me put it in again like last night. Pllleeeassee! You know it's so nice."
In anticipation, he pulled off his shirt, noting how she kept staring at his stiff erection. This time, he had a bit of a tussle to get off her nightdress. He wasn't about to have it any other way and with kisses and pleas and endearments, he had her with the bedcovers pulled back, laid before him in all her glorious nudity. How he fondled and kissed her tits, inspected her cunt from close range, placing little kisses on the parted lips and inserting his tongue tip to lick her clitoris.
As he sucked her clitoris, the boy pushed one then two fingers into her now wet cunt. By now his mother was ardently responding to his caresses.
Suddenly, she got up, pushing the boy on to his back. Then quickly, almost desperately, she straddled him, positioning the opening to her vagina above the purple head of his hugely erect penis. In one swift movement, she impaled herself onto the prick of the boy, causing them both to cry out.
"Oh Christ! (gasp), you feel so good." She moaned. Comfortably mounted, she started sliding her wet cunt up and down his huge hard shaft, moaning aloud, her full lips parted excitedly.
His mother began to slowly raise and lower her hips, sliding up and down his jutting rod. The boy placed one hand on her smooth ass, as he continued to play with her breasts with the other.
The boy loved the feel of her flexing rump muscles as she continued to fuck him slowly. Sometimes she would roll her hips from side to side, really screwing in a mild way, and sometimes she paused at the bottom to grind her pubic area against his. Up and down his mother's beautiful big ass moved, creating the most delightful friction as her cunt moved up and down his tingling cock.
Gradually the his mother began to speed up, grunting a little with each down stroke now, her belly smacking against his as she rammed his erection to the extreme depths of her vagina. Her gasps became louder and more insistent.
"Look (ummph) what you are (huff) making your mother do, " she panted, "look at (unggh) her fucking your huge penis! Christ! (ooohhh!) You don't know how much (unnngh) I wanted us to do this. (hummph) Oh the times (oh god) I would lay in bed at home, knowing (oooohhhhh) that you were only in the next room, wanking your (gasp) huge boner! Wishing that every huge inch of your hard cock was (unngh) buried up my cunt! All the times (oh god) I would see your cum (huff) stains (ooohhh) on the sheets, wishing that (uuunnnghhhh) that cum had been in my belly!"
All this talk from his mother was making the boy want to cum.
"And when you made (uuunggghhh) love to me last night. I couldn't (ooohh) believe it." She gasped.
"I (ungh) couldn't help it, Mum. After that kiss (grunt) last night. I do love you."
His mother smiled, her face flushed. "Oh I know, honey. I (unnnghn) love you toooooooooooooooh!"
At that moment, his mother suddenly stiffened. She was fully impaled on his erection, her groin straining against his. "Oh oh my God! I am going to oooooooooooohhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!"
The lad just lay there, not moving as he watched his mother started to shiver. Her face screwed up and she let out a long drawn out groan. He realised that she was cumming.
At the same time, he felt something tighten around his erection causing him to gasp. She was squeezing him with her cunt. Slowly the shaking stopped and she looked down at the boy, a smile illuminated her face.
"Oh darling. That was so good. Oh I do love you. You are such a good boy."
"Did you like it?" gasped the boy, trying to keep his passions in check for the moment.
"Oh did I", she moaned her face growing serious, "Did I ever."
Then after a pause, she said "You are still hard."
"That's (arrh) because I haven't (oooh) c-cum yet." He gasped as he felt his mother started to again squeeze his cock with her cunt muscles.
"Oh you haven't have you?" she asked with a mischievous look in her eye, as she slowly started to move her hips up and down, slowly moving her cunt up and down on her son's cock.
"Christ!", he groaned, "y-yyyeah".
The boy could not believe the change that had come over her. No longer was she hesitant or unsure. Now seated on top of him was a wanton female who wanted to give sexual gratification to them both.
"Well, we can't have that can we." And she started to move a little faster, squeezing him a lot harder.
"Oh fuck! (unnngh)", moaned the boy, "This feels so good! You are so wet and tight! (unnngh) I wanted to fuck you so much too!"
"I know", she whispered, her eyes staring into the lad's. "And you have got your wish."
"(oooohhhh)" gasped the boy.
"But now I want something." She said.
"Y-yes? (oooh)" the boy gasped as she squeezed his cock even harder.
Taking one of his hands of her hips, his mother placed on the lower part of her stomach. "I want this filled."
"Eh?" the boy moaned, not understanding.
"I want what ever in these", his mother reached behind her and grasped his balls, "to be ejected into here" pointing at her belly. The boy felt her sink down on him, taking every single inch of his hard-on into her cunt, her womb.
"I want you to cum in me." His mother gasped, as she started to squeeze his cock with her cunt in earnest. At the same time, he felt his mother's hand started to gently squeeze his testicles.
"Oh shit!", he gasped, "this feels so good."
"Yes, honey. I can feel you getting even stiffer. You are ready, aren't you? Ready to cum in me. Ready to unload your huge balls. To fill me with your rich potent sperm."
The boy groaned out loudly. His mother's words were enough to make him want to cum. Moaning constantly, feeling his mother's tight wet sheath tightening around his aching erection.
"I-I-I'm going to cum." he moaned, twisting his head, his eyes closed.
"Yes, darling, but look at me. I want to you to look into my eyes as you cum."
He felt her hands cup his head, turning it to face upwards. He opened his eyes and found himself looking straight into his mothers' face.
"That's it. My baby, shoot your hot thick potent cum in me. See if you can make me pregnant."
That did it. Hearing those words, the boy's body stiffened. He pushed his groin as hard as he could against his mother's and felt his balls tighten.
"Oh I do love you, Mum!"
Holding on to her as hard as he could, he felt his spunk starting to ride up his stalk of an erection. Using his muscles, he tried to keep the flow back but it was no use. With a loud cry, he felt his sperm literally erupt from the head of his cock, straight into his mother's womb.
"Oooh! My darling. I can feel it. I can feel you cumming inside me." His mother moaned, as she gently but firmly massaged his ejaculating cock with her cunt muscles.
The boy felt his mother's soft hand on his brow as he again and again ejaculated inside her. He felt his mother nurse him as he finally finished cumming.
Panting, his mother leant back, her arms holding her up. They were still linked at their loins and the boy noticed that he was still semi-hard.
"Did you really enjoy it?" she asked him.
"Boy! Did I! It was even better than last night." he replied. Then after a pause, "Did you?"
"Oh God! You bet I did!" she replied.
The two of them stayed in that position with him laying on his back with his mother comfortably mounted on him, his semi-erection held firmly in her vagina.
"Do you want me to get off?" his mother asked.
"No. You feel great." He said, "especially your erm vagina over my penis."
"You naughty boy!", she giggled. "I still can't believe we have just done this."
"And we did it last night as well. " the boy boasted.
"Yes," she sighed, "we did didn't we."
This was a long pause.
"Mum?"
"Yes, darling?"
"Did you mean what you said just now" he asked, referring to what his mother said whilst in the throes of passion. "Always wanting to erm have sex with me".
His mother looked embarrassed, "Erm.. I didn't realise it at the time but yes I suppose I did." she said quietly.
"Why?" asked the lad.
Her dark brown eyes fixed on his.
"I think it was because you looked so much like your father."
"Oh!" said the boy, disappointed.
Sensing her boy's disappointment, she continued. "That was what got me to notice you. But then I saw how much better built you were compared to him. Even though you are still a teenager"
The boy gave a slight smile.
"But when you made love to me last night, I couldn't get over how well endowed you were, so much bigger than your father - God rest his soul!".
The boy felt his cock twitch as it started to get stiffer within her vagina. His mother noticed it.
"(oooh) You randy bugger. I see that you have not finished with me yet. You are going to wear your old mother out at this rate."
"I can't help it. You turn me on so much." He hungrily eyed his mother's heavy breasts, "a-and your breasts, your tits are so big (oooh!)"
The boy groaned as he felt his mother's cunt tighten around as his erection slowly became larger and stronger.
"Your ermm penis was so big and hard, I thought it was going to rip me apart. Christ, darling, no-one has ever made love to me with so much power as you have done." She lent forward and kissed him lightly on the lips.
"Now it's your turn." His mother said, tracing a finger down his chest. "You said that you had wanted to make love to me as well."
"Yes." Gasped the lad as he looked at his mother's full pouting lips, her large breasts hanging invitingly in front of him. He started to move under her.
"Christ! You ARE getting stiff again. How long have you wanted to make love to me?" she asked, as she again started to squeeze her boy's growing erection again and again with her cunt.
"I always thought (gasp) you were sexy but when I saw you naked (gasp) that time did I really want you".
His mother was surprised. "Naked? (ooh) When did you see me naked?". She slowly started to raise her body up and down.
"The other week, when (gasp) you just had a bath." The boy groaned, his hands grabbing her hips and he slowly started to thrust under her.
His mother chuckled. "You know, I didn't even (gasp) know you were in the house."
His erection back at full strength, he started to thrust against his mother even harder. "Oh Mum, you were so beautiful. I could see your big boobs and lovely arse. I was so turned on, I had to go to my room and (gasp) w-wank myself three times."
His mother was now moving up and down at a more rapid pace as her excitement mounted. "Y-you had to (unngh) play with yourself three times (uungh) because you saw me naked? Oh you poor baby!"
"Yeah!", he replied as he started to put more power into his thrusts, meeting his mother's lunges halfway before she pushed him back into the bed. "Christ! (unngh) I wanted you so much. I almost rubbed myself raw."
"And what were (gasp) you thinking (uungh) about?" she huffed.
"You" he moaned.
"What about (ungh) me?" she moaned back.
They both hear the wet slapping of their bodies as they thrusted against each other.
The boy gasped. "That I wished I (unngh) could have gone up behind you...."
"And?" panted his mother.
"and grabbed your lovely tits and bum (Christ)"
"(oooh) and?".
"That (ungh) that I....I could have fucked you!"
"Oh!" In her mind's eye, she could see her son stripping off and approach her with his huge erection and that within minutes, he had her on her hands and knees in the middle of the hall, with his hard cock shoved up her from behind.
"Ohhh! Darling. I --I-I wished you had!" She gasped as their thrusts got more and more rampant.
"Oh Christ, baby.", she continued, "If we keep (ungh) this up, I (ungh) think we should (oooh) go home. I (ooofff) don't want your (Jesus) aunt and uncle finding out about this."
"But (ungh) won't they become sus-suspicious?" The boy moaned.
"They will (gasp) if w-we stay here." She gasped as she felt her son grab hold of her swinging boobs. "W-w-we'll just say (groan) I don't f-feel very well and have (oooh) go home early and t-that my b-baby (Christ) will look after me (unnnnghh)"
"Christ! I will definitely look after you. I do love you!" The boy groaned as he imagined them buck-naked in his mother's bed, fucking away. The same bed that he was conceived.
"I love you too (uuumph)"
Grabbing hold of the back of her head, he brought his mother's face down onto his, their mouths coming together hard. Their tongues entwining as he pulled her tight against his body. Thrusting his throbbing shaft to the hilt of his mother's wet cunt, the boy then rolled them over so that she want on her back with him on top. The mother then brought her legs up around his back, while her arms encircled his neck as she proceeded to hang on for dear live as her son started thrusting her against as hard as possible. The boy did not care how long he lasted, all he wanted to do was empty his replenished balls of his rich fertile spunk into his mother's belly.
For a little while after that, all you could hear from coming from inside the bedroom, were the sounds of gasps, moans and groans mixed in with terms of endearments accompanied by squeaking bedsprings (along with the headboard banging against the wall) which were getting louder and louder as the activity got more and more frantic.
To be continued...?
