Fuck! I can't believe what I'm seeing in my parents' living room. Three giggling teenage girls, wearing sheer lingerie are sitting on the couch cheering on a fourth girl who is attempting to deep throat a dildo. What the fuck! The cheers and laughter is probably why they didn't hear me come in through the kitchen door. I step back into the shadows of the hallway while my cock responds to the luscious, pale ass cheeks of the fourth girl. Her purple sheer nightie has ridden up over her heart-shaped ass, revealing her matching thong as she starts to gag on the rubber dick suction-cupped to the glass topped coffee table.
"I can do this!" the girl exclaims, taking a deep breath and sliding her lips back down the realistic looking cock. Holy shit! That's Lauren's voice! My dick is hard and I'm having perverted thoughts about my 18-year-old sister. I guiltily look away from her scrumptious ass cheeks and try to forget what her lips look like sliding down that fake cock.
"I thought you said you had done this before," laughs one of the girls, pulling my attention back to the couch. The other three girls are wearing similar outfits, sheer baby doll nighties with matching thong panties. The only variation seems to be the color.
"I have done it before," my sister protests, "but with a real dick! This thing isn't working for me. I need a real dick." Lauren sits back on her heels and laughs along with her friends.
"There appears to be one in the hallway!" The cute black girl sitting closest to me says as she smiles in my direction. Fuck! Busted! I might as well take the offensive and try to put Lauren on the defense.
"Brandon!" Lauren screams, jumping to her feet as I step into the room. Her tits bounce temptingly inside the cups of the purple nightie. "What the fuck are you doing here?"
"Never mind about me? What the fuck is all of this?" I sweep my arm towards the coffee table where, besides the suction cupped dildo there are several vibrators and other assorted sex toys. "What's going on here?"
I'm six years older than Lauren and I've been living with my girlfriend for the past couple of years. I crash at my parents' house whenever Kelly and I fight, which seems to be happening quite often lately.
"We're having a sleepover," Lauren says as if that explains all of this. While she's getting outraged with me, I'm checking out her girlfriends. It's like looking at a live action Victoria Secret's ad. There's the African-American girl who spotted me in the hallway. My eyes zero in on the yellow nightie barely covering her impressive chest. Next to her is Kristina, Lauren's petite blonde friend from down the street, looking pretty in her pink lingerie. Finally, on the other end of the couch is a tall brunette all decked out in the sexiest shade of red.
"A sleepover?" I ask, raising my eyebrows as I appraise their outfits. The tops are sheer except for the bra-like cups around their breasts. In actuality, except for the thong, they don't show much more than a skimpy bikini but somehow it is much more enticing when it's lingerie.
"We had a lingerie party," the black girl explains, smiling without a hint of embarrassment. "Do you like our outfits?" She stands and twirls around giving me a great view of her full, round ass cheeks.
"Alex!" Lauren admonishes her. "That's my brother!"
"Well, you should at least introduce us," Alex answers, stepping forward with her hand extended. "I'm Alexis but you can call me Alex." She smiles as I shake her hand.
"Brandon," my sister takes over the introductions. "You know Kristina," she says, pointing to her friend in the pink nightie. I nod in her direction.
"Hello, Brandon," Kristina smiles demurely.
"And this is Kylie." The tall brunette stands up and extends her hand.
"Nice to meet you, Brandon," she says, making eye contact. Damn! We're almost the same height and I'm a little over six feet.
"My pleasure," I answer, shaking her hand, which is surprisingly small and feminine given her stature.
While being introduced to her friends, I steal surreptitious glances at my sister. She has really filled out over the past couple of years. Something I hadn't noticed during my previous visits. Of course, she wasn't wearing sexy lingerie any of those times. Fuck! My cock is hardening again. This is so wrong.
"What are you doing here?" Lauren asks, drawing my attention back.
"I needed a place to stay," I shrug without further explanation. I'm about to ask her whether mom knows what she's up to but my sister and I have an unspoken agreement about not embarrassing each other in front of our friends.
"Well," I smile at the sexy foursome. "Sorry to have interrupted. I'll just head up to my room and leave you girls to your fun. Where are mom and dad?" I ask.
"They're at the cabin," Lauren answers, referring to our lake cabin in the mountains.
"With my parents," Kristina adds. Kristina has been Lauren's friend since they were little and our parents frequently go to the cabin together.
"The house is all ours for the weekend," Kylie smiles.
"Why don't you stay? The fun's just starting," Alex says with an unmistakable flirtatious invitation. I hear my sister's exasperated sigh before I can even respond.
"That's okay," I answer, moving towards the hallway. "It was nice meeting you," I call back over my shoulder.
"Damn! He's sexy. You should have asked him to stay, Lauren," Alex says as I turn the corner towards the stairs. I wait just out of sight to hear her response.
"He's my brother!" she retorts. "I don't want him anywhere near our sex toy party, or any of our other plans." Whatever that means.
"He can be my sex toy anytime," Kylie says. "How old is he?"
"Too old for you!" my sister snaps. She's right and that's my cue to keep moving.
Half an hour later, lying on my bed and trying to get the sexy images of my sister and her friends out of my head, there's a light knock on the door.
"Come in," I call without moving from the bed. Lauren pokes her head in before opening the door the rest of the way.
"Hey," she says, walking over to the bed. "Sorry about all that."
"Nothing to be sorry for, Sis. You didn't know I was going to be home tonight, and I certainly didn't know you were having a lingerie party." I answer as she sits on the edge of my bed. She's still wearing the same outfit and I can't keep my eyes from darting between the swell of her breasts and her barely covered pussy mound. "Sorry, if I messed up your party."
"That's just it," she smiles. "You were a very popular surprise." I just smile and wait to see why she came in to see me. "Brandon, do you love me?" she asks, using our standard opening for asking a favor.
"Unconditionally," I answer, realizing as I say it that it really is true. I thought I loved Kelly but there are always so many conditions in that relationship. Fuck! Don't even ask me why I'm comparing my sister to my girlfriend. That's just so inappropriate!
"The girls want you to judge who looks the sexiest," she says, raising her eyebrows questioningly. "Would you do it for us?" This isn't at all what I expected.
"That sounds like a no-win proposition. What's in it for me?" I ask, already determined to do whatever she wants so I can spend more time with her scantily clad friends.
"What's in it for you?" she asks incredulously while punching me in the arm. "You get to gawk at half-naked teenage girls while you decide who's the sexiest."
"Good point," I answer, rubbing my shoulder. "Lauren, are your friends all over 18?" I ask as she stands up and heads for my bedroom door. I swing my legs off the bed and follow her, my eyes glued to her near-naked ass.
"What difference does that make?" she asks. "It's not like you're going to fuck any of them."
"I just don't want any upset fathers, brothers or boyfriends accusing me of improper activities with any underage girls."
"Relax. They're all 18," she smiles.
"Even Kristina?" I ask. "She looks so young."
"Even Kristina." Lauren rolls her eyes. "Duh, you should know we're the same age."
"Okay, I'm ready... but how will I decide?" I ask as I close the door behind me.
"Easy," she says over her shoulder. "Just pick your sister!" Laughing, she sashays down the hall towards the living room, her sexy ass causing more blood to pump into my hardening cock.
"Yay! He's going to do it!" Alex says, clapping her hands as she bounces on the couch, causing her woman-sized boobs to jiggle tantalizingly. My mind is already racing to see how far I can take these festivities. These girls are all over 18 and apparently not virgins, which means there really are no limits tonight.
"Do you guys have a plan in mind for how we're going to do this?" I ask, noticing the girls have gone through a few wine coolers this evening.
"The judges always figure that out," Kristina says. I swear I remember her as just a shy little kid and now she's almost batting her eyes at me as she adds, "you're the judge." I wait a minute to see if anyone else wants to chime in and when they don't I start to put my plan into action.
"Okay, why don't the four of you line up and let me take a look at you," I say, moving the coffee table so they can stand in front of the couch. I take a seat in the center of the couch as they dutifully line up facing me. Fuck! They're all sexy!
"I think we should divide the competition into four categories: your breasts, your asses, your legs and your, um... pussies." When I mention pussies, Kristina and Lauren glance away but Kyle and Alex just smile.
I stand up and walk in front of them like a commanding general inspecting the troops. "Hmm. This is going to be hard," I say.
"I certainly hope so," Alex says as she shifts her eyes to my crotch.
"Quiet," I command, teasingly. "No distracting the judges or you'll be disqualified."
"Sorry," she whispers, dropping her chin to her chest in a mock pout. "Do I really distract you, Brandon?" Damn straight she does! They all do.
"In a nice way," I answer, as I walk past each girl staring intently at her chest. When I get to the end, next to Alex, I stare down the line looking at the variation of protrusions from each girl.
"Look, this shouldn't just be about size," I say, once again taking a seat on the couch. "I can't be expected to adequately compare your breasts without seeing your nipples." This is where we find out how much fun this is going to be.
"What!" Lauren is the first to react. "That's not the deal!" she exclaims, looking to her friends for support.
"I think he's right," Kylie says, reaching for the front fastener of her nightie.
"Wait!" Lauren shouts, batting Kylie's hands away from her top. "Would you want your brother staring at your boobs?" she asks.
"Fine," Alex jumps in. "You can stay dressed, such as it is, and help Brandon judge the rest of us." Lauren looks down at her nighty, seemingly just realizing how much of her body is already exposed.
"But then I can't win," Lauren says, clearly weighing her options.
"Which do you choose Lauren?" I ask like the idea of the other three taking their nighties off has already been decided. This is shaping up nicely.
Kylie is the first to unfasten the clasp between her breasts and slide the thin straps off her shoulders. My cock springs to life as her nightie hits the floor and her eyes meet mine. Her medium sized breasts with their pink, puffy nipples are on full display, awaiting my inspection.
Lauren is staring open-mouthed at her friends as one by one they follow Kylie's lead and drop their nightie to the floor.
Alex is next, taking her time sliding the straps down her arms one at a time. Smiling broadly she adds a bit of theatrics to the unveiling of her gorgeous, dark skinned breasts with their thick black nipples. The surrounding areolas are smaller than expected but by no means less appealing. Mouthwatering is the only adjective that comes to mind.
Kristina seems a little more reserved, possibly because her breasts are quite small in comparison to the other girls. "I'm not going to win this round," she smiles. She needn't worry, what she lacks in size, is more than made up for by her thick protruding nipples. Damn! She has grown up. I really want to suck on those babies. My cock is rock hard as I turn my attention to my sister.
"What's it going to be, Sis?" I ask. "You're welcome to join me on the couch and help me judge these beautiful ladies' attributes.
"Not a chance, Big Brother," Lauren says defiantly as she unclasps her top and shrugs it off her shoulders. Holy fuck! Her tits are perfect. Slightly smaller than Alex's but still quite full with wide, pink areolas and gumdrop shaped nipples.
"Line up," I say as if none of this is bothering me in the slightest. Shit! Who wouldn't give his left nut to have four teenage beauties lined up in front of him ready for inspection? I stand up, adjusting my cock as I do, which doesn't go unnoticed by any of the girls.
"Why do you get to stay dressed while we're naked?" Alex asks, generating a glaring look from my sister.
"You're not naked... yet," I retort. "Do you want me to take off my shirt?"
"Yes," three girls respond in unison. This is too easy. I slip off my shirt to the appreciative nods from the girls. I don't have washboard abs but I stay in shape.
"Okay, let's get started," I say, stepping in front of Alex and making a show of inspecting her tits from all angles. I take a chance and cup my hands under the dark flesh and heft her large tits like I'm weighing melons.
"Nobody said anything about touching," Lauren objects from the other end of the line.
"I don't mind," Alex says quietly, biting her lip as my thumbs lightly brush across her taut nipples. Lauren steps back in line but she is clearly more nervous than she was before.
Wanting to give each girl some accolades and esteem builders, I start talking to Alex about my perception of her tits.
"These are heavy little monsters aren't they," I ask, still fondling her milk chocolate mounds. Alex just nods, catching her breath as my hands glide around the sides and gently caress her sensitive tits. "A guy would be crazy not to want to bury his face in these babies and get lost in there like a big soft pillow." Reluctantly, I lower her breasts back down and move over in front of Kristina.
Kristina smiles shyly as I scrutinize her almost non-existent mounds. While the breasts themselves are rather small the nipples are not. They are mature, long, thick nipples that jut out from her teen sized tits. With nothing to heft, I grip her breasts from the front, pressing my palms against those lovely nipples.
"Mmmm," Kristina lets out an involuntary gasp as I move my hands in tiny circles, lightly brushing against her thick protruding nipples.
"I love your nipples," I say, just above a whisper. "A guy could feast on them forever. They're so wonderfully sensitive." I add, gently increasing the pressure from my palms and eliciting another quiet murmur from Kristina. "I bet it doesn't take much sucking and nibbling to send erotic pulses directly to your pussy. You can probably have an orgasm induced solely from those beautiful nipples." She emits a noticeable shiver as I pull my hands away and turn to face Kylie and her puffy nipples.
Kylie is smiling as I study her convex areolas that cap her medium sized tits and reshape them into conical protrusions unlike anything I've ever seen. I bypass the fleshy part of her breasts and go straight for the nipples, running my finger around the areola and exploring the tiny bud-like nipples almost completely recessed into the areola. I watch her face as I pinch the very tips and try to coax them out of their protective surroundings. Her expression doesn't change until I put my fingers on either side of the puffy areolas and tweak them gently in a half circle. She bites her lip and sucks air in through her teeth.
"What are you going to say about mine?" she asks seductively as I continue to play with her unique tits.
"I'm going to say that I have never seen anything like them, "I tell her. "I could imagine how erotic it would be to rub against them. You know, as you do the horizontal love dance..."
"Seriously!" Alex laughs. "The horizontal love dance? Why don't you just say fucking?"
"Because horizontal love dance more poetic," Kylie answers for me. "Go on," she nods towards me encouragingly. "What were you going to say?"
"I was going to say that when you were in that particular position, rocking back and forth, a guy could enhance his pleasure by rubbing his chest against these potent little puppies."
"Like this?" she asks pulling me against her and rubbing her nipples up and down my bare chest. Fuck! I thought I was just blowing smoke but her nipples feel incredible against my chest.
"Kylie!" Lauren cries. "What the fuck?"
"Afraid you'll miss your turn, Lauren?" Kylie asks as she releases me, and steps back in line. Her nipples seem to have popped out of their cocoons, anxiously awaiting more attention.
"Thanks," she says, kissing me on the cheek and pushing me towards my sister.
Now what?
I stand looking at my sister for the longest time, just staring at her perfect tits. Her wide areolas are just a shade darker than the surrounding skin and her taut nipples seem to be more aroused than when she first exposed them. I know I shouldn't be touching my sister but I can't very well leave her out either. Lauren is blushing as she looks at me expectantly.
"Well?" she says, nodding her head towards her tits.
"Well..." I answer. "They're beautiful, Sis." I say, hesitantly raising my hands and putting them on her shoulders. "Lovely shaped," I add while I trail my fingers around her collarbone and glide them down her chest. "Perfectly round areolas," I add while my fingers brush the outside of her breasts. Instead of hefting them like I did with Alex, I bring my hands down around the sides and lift them gently. "Soft and pliable," I whisper, gently caressing all around her areolas. "Sensitive nipples." Her breath catches as my thumbs lightly explore the distended tips. Our eyes lock on each other as my hands move around her breasts like they have a mind of their own.
"Ahem..." Alex clears her throat to keep me from getting lost in my sister's luscious breasts. I drop my hands and step back, surprised by the disappointment I see in Lauren's eyes.
"And the winner is..." I announce, trying to regain my composure. "By a very small margin, I might add..." I look from one topless girl to the next. "You all have gorgeous breasts but the winner is..." I pause for dramatic affect and then turn and point my arm. "My sister, Lauren!"
They are each gracious and offer such wonderful comments about Lauren's tits that I almost expect her to make an acceptance speech.
"Okay, take five!" I tell everyone. "I need a beer." The girls all start chatting at once as I go to the kitchen for a beer. Leaning against the counter I take a minute to catch my breath as I twist the cap off the bottle. Damn! The look on Lauren's face... if I didn't know better I would swear she looked just like she wanted me to kiss her. Nah.
"Okay girls, on to the next event." I call as I walk back into the living room. Maybe I should tone this down a little. "Turn around! We're ready to look at your lovely asses." The girls line up with their backs to me. Okay, maybe I won't tone it down. What a lovely lineup of teenage flesh!
I go through a similar routine, running my hands over their bare cheeks and telling each one what I think of their ass.
"You have an amazing ass, Alex," I say quietly. As my hand glides over her smooth, dark skin I can feel the firm muscles tensing in her ass cheeks. "With your well toned muscles and fully developed curves a guy would want to do you from behind just for the view."
"Even you?" she asks, looking over her shoulder.
"I'm a guy, aren't I?" I laugh as I move over to Kristina, my cock still hard inside my shorts.
What Kristina lacks in tits she more than makes up for with her ass. I'm surprised I never noticed it before. Curvaceous doesn't even begin to describe it. I squeeze her delectable cheeks as I tell her what I think. "You have one sexy ass, Kristina," I whisper in her ear as my hands explore every inch of her heart-shaped mounds. "How can these round cheeks be so firm and so soft at the same time? It makes me want to bury my face in them and just nibble away." It's true. I have trouble tearing my hands away from her.
"Ahh, Kylie," I take a deep breath as I move down the line. "You have an ass made for spanking," I say, giving her cheeks a playful smack.
"Mmm," she moans seductively. I think I may have found a pleasure point. Round and firm, her cheeks swell just enough that they almost invite you to spank them.
"Guys will look at your ass and fantasize their red handprint embossed on your cheeks." I tell her as I teasingly slap her firm globes. "Have you ever had an erotic spanking?" I ask. She shakes her head. "When you do, you'll know what I mean." I pinch the inside curve of her ass cheek and move on to my sister.
Hesitant about touching my sister after what happened with her tits, I give her ass a cursory caress and tell her she has the perfect size, shape and firmness to make guys follow her anywhere just to look at it.
"No nibbling, spanking or doggie style comments for me?" she teases. "Just looking at it?" The truth is her ass invokes erotic images of an energetic anal fuck but I'm not going to tell her that.
"Disappointed?" I ask, kneeling behind her as I place one hand on each of her luscious cheeks. With my fingers extended and my thumbs between her legs, I gently massage her fleshy ass while letting my thumbs brush lightly against the thin material covering her pussy. "You have an ass made for squeezing, Sis," I add before she has a chance to answer.
Fuck! Maybe it's my imagination but her thong feels moist. Well, why not? I've been hard as a rock since we started this little game. There is no reason to believe that these girls are any less affected. But my sister?
"You all have great looking asses," I announce as I walk back down the line, caressing each one as I pass. "But there can only be one winner and I choose this one!" I finish by grabbing Alex's ass cheeks and digging my fingers into her dark flesh. "Alex you have the sexiest ass!"
"Yay!" she screams, jumping up and down as she turns around. "Thank you, Brandon!" To show her appreciation, I am rewarded with the erotic sight of her dark brown tits bouncing enticingly in my direction. Throwing her arms around my neck, she kisses me hard on the lips, mashing those impressive breasts into my bare chest. Fuck!
"What's next?" Kylie asks with a sly smile, "legs or pussies?"
"Legs," I answer while peeling Alex's arms from around my neck. It's not because I wasn't enjoying the kiss or the feel of her taut nipples pushing into my chest, it was the glaring looks I was getting from Lauren that made me move the festivities forward.
"For this one, I'll be not only looking at the tone and shape of your legs but feeling the smoothness. You'll lose points for any residual stubble," I say with a smile.
"Only on our legs?" Kylie asks cryptically, catching me off guard and putting me in the rare position of being speechlessness. Is she inferring that her pussy is shaved? I'm going to be jacking off the rest of the night!
"Stand facing me and I'll start the leg inspection," I announce, taking another swig from my beer. The girls have continued downing wine coolers, which may be contributing to the unabashed remarks... or not.
I start again with Alex who is still glowing with the excitement of having the sexiest ass. I've just started thinking that my best bet in all of this is to find each of them the sexiest in a different category. Not having thought about this ahead of time, I now have to figure out whether to give Kylie or Kristina the best legs with the other one having the sexiest pussy.
As I glance down the line, I realize that Kylie with her long, shapely legs is a perfect candidate to win this one. Now, if Kristina's pussy is as sweet as I expect, I'll hopefully appease everyone.
Kneeling in front of Alex, I put both hands around one ankle and glide them up over her knees. "Very smooth," I say as she smiles down at me. From this vantage point, her brown breasts are even more striking. Damn! She surprises the hell out of me when she spreads her legs farther apart just as my hands reach her upper thighs. I can smell her arousal and see the wet spot forming on the front of her thong.
I let my fingers barely brush against the thin material covering Alex's pussy lips, invoking a short gasp from her as I move my hands to her other thigh and slide them back down to her other ankle. "You have great legs, Alex," is all I can offer before moving over to Kristina.
I repeat my actions on Kristina's legs, noticing she is no less aroused than her dark skinned friend. Although I can smell her arousal it is much less powerful than Alex's strong aroma. "I love your legs," I tell her as I move my hands closer to her pussy and watch her blush from her small chest to her face. "Very smooth and delicate, just like the rest of you."
By the time I get to Kylie the aroma of female sex is permeating the room. When I kneel in front of her my face is almost level with her scantily clad pussy. Her smell is just as strong but a much sweeter fragrance than the pungent "ready to fuck" smell of Alex's pussy. My cock is straining against my shorts as my fingers reach the top of Kylie's thighs.
"You have statuesque legs, Kylie," I say as my hands glide upward on her thighs.
"Thank you, Brandon," she says, smiling seductively. Not to be outdone by Alex, she not only spreads her legs but bends her knees just enough to rub her barely covered pussy against my hands. It's subtle and I don't think anyone else notices but her smile is unmistakably an invitation. Instead of moving my hands away, I press the edge of my index finger firmly against her pussy lips pushing the damp material of her thong into the opening.
"Very nice, Kylie," I whisper referring to the outline of her swollen lips with the bit of material caught between them.
"Mmm hmm," she nods as I slowly slide my hands back down her other leg.
Moving on to my sister, I kneel in front of her and my nostrils flare at the delicious smell of her aroused pussy. I didn't imagine the wet spot earlier or if I did, it has definitely increased since then.
"My legs, Brandon," she prompts as I just stare at the center of her damp thong. The wetness has made the material almost transparent and I am mesmerized by the contours of my sister's pussy behind the small triangle of material.
"Sure, sis," I respond, looking down as I wrap my hands around her ankle. I relish the softness of her skin as I move my hands up her shapely legs. My sister reflexively spreads her legs as my hands reach the pinnacle of her thighs. Fuck! This is my fucking sister! But still, I look her right in the eyes as my hands deliberately linger against the small purple triangle. Lauren's eyes go wide and she sharply inhales as I lightly move my finger back and forth across her pussy lips.
"Your legs are very sexy, Sis," I say, after clearing my throat so I can talk. Lauren doesn't even answer. She just stands there as I breathe in her intoxicating scent and slide my hands down her leg. I take a deep breath and stand up to address the group.
"You all have very sexy legs," I start out diplomatically. "But one of you has such long shapely legs that every guy who looks at her has to be imagining them wrapped behind his back. Kylie, you have the sexiest legs!"
"Thank you, Brandon," she says quietly. "And I appreciate your graphic endorsement."
"My pleasure," I respond.
"Mine, too," she whispers, obviously referring to the gentle pussy rubbing.
"I need another beer," I announce, as the girls stand there anxious to see how we proceed to the final event. As I'm getting my beer I decide to just go for it. Either they'll bare their pussies or they won't. Either way it's been a hell of a night already.
"Ladies," I say as I march back into the room. "Time for the final event. They appear to be a little less nervous than I expected and they are glancing at each other like they've cooked up something while I was in the kitchen.
"Take off the thongs," I say.
"We'll take off our thongs if you'll take off your shorts," Kristina announces while the other girls nod knowingly. So this is what they were up to.
"It's only fair," Kylie adds. I look at Lauren who gives me an almost imperceptible nod. This is what I wanted anyway. The evening has just changed course. We are no longer engaged in a simple judging who's sexier contest but are playing "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."
"Fine with me," I say, unbuttoning my shorts. Hell, what a trade off. I take off my shorts and I get to inspect four teenage pussies. Hell, I can't get them off fast enough.
The girls stand motionless waiting for me to show them the prize. Slipping my shorts off, I see them smile at the bulge in my white briefs. I sweep my eyes across their nearly naked teenage bodies as they lust for a view of my stiff cock. Getting a little into the dramatics myself, I pull the elastic waistband out and slowly slide it over the head of my fully erect cock.
A collective gasp as I drop my underwear on the ground and stand stark naked with my hard-on pointing right at them.
"Very nice, Brandon," Kylie says to appreciate murmurs from the rest of the girls. Only Lauren is not audibly responding to my nakedness, she's just staring intently at my engorged cock.
"Your turn," I say, swinging my arm in their direction. They quickly reciprocate, peeling thin strips of material from between their ass cheeks and exposing their beautiful teenage pussies. Fuck! My cock hardens even more, if that's possible.
Just like I thought, Kylie's pussy is completely bald, while the other girls have varying degrees of trimmed pubic hair. Lauren's is a cute brown triangular patch while Alex has a neatly trimmed rectangle of thick, black, curly hair. Petite Kristina has the most beautiful light blonde hair neatly trimmed around her pale pink pussy.
"What makes one pussy sexier than another?" Kristina asks, mirroring my exact thoughts.
"I'll let you know when I'm done inspecting," I answer because I honestly have no freaking idea!
"Here's how we'll do this," I say, making it up as I go along. "One at a time, you'll lie on the couch, leaning your back against the arm and spreading your legs. I'll sit between your outspread legs to conduct my inspection." I hold my breath waiting for their objections.
"Lucky you," Lauren says, sarcastically just as Kylie asks who's first.
"We'll go in the same order we've been going, starting with Alex," I answer. Alex dutifully makes her way to the couch. We are all completely naked now and the room is thick with sexual tension. Every movement emits fragrant smells of arousal mixed with shades of embarrassment.
"Wait!" shouts Lauren and we all look questioningly at her. I was afraid my sister was going to pull the plug on this at some point but instead she surprises me.
"I want to see this but I have to go to the bathroom," she laughs. "Can we take a quick break?" Everyone breathes easier. Apparently I wasn't the only one thinking she was going to call a halt to the proceedings.
"Sure, take a break," I respond, glad for the idea. "Refresh your drinks and we'll get started when everyone is back." I head into the kitchen to get another beer while watching the flexing of Lauren's sexy ass cheeks as she dashes down the hall to the bathroom.
Fuck! Two hours ago I was dragging my ass home after a fight with my girlfriend, with nothing on mind other than spending the night sulking in my old room. Who would have thought I'd be romping around buck-naked in my parents' house with four equally naked teenage girls? Not to mention that one of them is my sister who is sexy as hell and is a major cause of my intense hard-on.
Everyone is back and we're ready to roll. Alex never left the couch.
"Like this?" Alex asks, as she takes up the position I mentioned.
"Exactly, Alex," I answer, my throat dry despite the beer as I stare at her widespread legs. I glance over to see the other girls almost as enthralled as I am and it dawns on me they have probably never seen another girl's pussy, at least not displayed like this.
I sit on the edge of the couch and lean down towards her wide-open pussy. Fuck! This is a fucking wet dream come true if ever there was one. With everyone watching, I jump on this opportunity to distract Alex from how intimate I'm getting by slipping into lecture mode.
"The pussy can be sexy in so many different ways," I explain, while running my fingers through Alex's coarse pubic hair. "It's not just about how it looks but how it feels, smells and tastes. I'll need to use all of my senses to determine who has the sexiest pussy." Alex's pussy lips are glistening with her juices even before I touch her.
"Seen a lot of pussies, have you, Brandon?" Kylie asks with a slight smirk.
"I'm about to see four more," I answer for lack of a better response. Before she can respond, Kristina changes the subject, sort of.
"You're going to taste us?" Kristina asks anxiously. I can't tell if her anxiousness is excitement or nervousness but I notice Alex opening her thighs a little wider.
"Don't worry," I reassure them. " I'll be using my finger to get the taste sample." As I'm talking, I slide my finger across Alex's pussy lips, dipping the tip in just enough to get it wet.
"Oooooo," Alex moans as my finger slips between her dark pussy lips, exposing the slick pink interior.
"You have a lovely pussy, Alex," I tell her, leaving the tip of my finger resting inside of her while I bend down towards her pussy. With my face inches from her aroused pussy, I take a big whiff and suck in her incredible aroma. I watch the girls turn up their noses as I push mine closer and breathe in her smell again.
"Damn, you smell like sex!" I tell her. "You girls might not think so," I continue my quasi-lecture to the other girls, "but a woman's smell is a major turn on and why so many guys enjoy going down on their girlfriends."
"Do you go down on Kelly?" Lauren asks and I'm not sure why she's brought up Kelly.
"Who's Kelly?" Alex asks as her pussy pulsates around my fingertip and she arches her back to suck it in farther.
"His girlfriend," Lauren answers, looking at me like she's still waiting for an answer.
"Which of you has had your pussy eaten?" I ask the group in an attempt to sidestep Lauren's question. The girls look at each other and only Kylie raises her hand.
"I have," Alex says, "but not by someone as experienced as you," she smiles teasingly.
"Show us," Kristina says. "Show us how you do it, Brandon."
"I don't know," I answer, wondering why I'm even resisting this invitation.
"Why not?" Kylie asks.
"Oral sex is usually a prelude to sex or a substitute for sex. If I start licking Alex's pussy without giving her an orgasm, that's not fair. I'm just going to frustrate her. And I'm not really sure we should be turning this sleepover into an orgy," although it is pretty damn close already.
"Same question, why not?" Kylie retorts. "You have four, or maybe three," she hesitates as she glances at Lauren, "very willing girls, am I right?" she asks of her friends. Alex and Kristina nod while Lauren looks contemplative. "You appear to be somewhat aroused by us," she laughs as she stares at my fully erect cock.
"We're all over 18, Brandon, consenting adults," Alex adds. "Just do it!" I look to Lauren for direction but she just shrugs like it's completely up to me.
"What do you want me to do?" I ask to no one in particular. "Just taste her a little or eat her pussy through a full orgasm?" Okay, is this the weirdest fucking conversation you've ever heard? It is certainly the most bizarre conversation I've ever had. It's like I'm putting it to a fucking vote. While the girls all look at each other, my phone buzzes in my shorts pocket.
Lauren grabs my shorts off the floor and extracts my phone from the front pocket. "It's Kelly," she says, holding the phone up so I can see.
"Let it go to voicemail," I answer, raising a smile from my little sister. Shit. What am I doing here with these high school girls? Eighteen or not, they're all too young for me. Before we can get back to what we were doing, the phone buzzes again.
"It's a text," Lauren says, reading it out loud, "I'm sorry, let's talk." She raises her eyebrows at me. I should text her back but one of my fingers is in Alex's pussy and they're about to tell me how long I should eat her.
"Text her that I'm sorry, too. Helping my sister with something. Let's talk tomorrow."
"You want me to text all that?" Lauren asks with a scowl. "Why don't I just tell her you're eating our pussies and can't come to the phone right now?" Her thumbs are flying across the screen before I have a chance to answer. The other girls laugh hysterically as I wonder what the fuck Lauren actually texted.
"You have a girlfriend?" Kylie asks, sounding somewhat disappointed.
"We fight a lot," I answer, not sure why I even said that.
"Why are you here with us if you have a girlfriend?" Kristina wonders aloud.
"Kylie has a boyfriend," Lauren counters, "and she's buck naked waiting to get her pussy eaten." I guess that settles the question about whether it's just Alex's pussy I'm going to be diving my face into.
"Can we get back to this?" Alex asks. "Will you eat me to an orgasm, Brandon?" she asks quietly. I gently pull my finger from between her moist pussy lips, push her legs up towards her shoulders and lower my mouth to her charcoal black labia.
"Ooooo yeah!" Alex moans as I flatten my tongue and lick from just above her puckered asshole to her clit.
"The secret to good pussy eating is the tease," I tell my nearly hyper audience. "Anyone can dive in and tongue-fuck a pussy but the intense arousal that will produce an orgasm is a different art form."
"Will you shut up!" Alex says, pulling my face back to her pussy. I take the hint and start licking all around her thick outer labia, tasting her succulent juices while I tease her by avoiding direct contact with her pussy.
The other girls move in for a closer look as Alex moans and murmurs in response to my machinations. I hear a gasp from one of the other girls when I lick around Alex's crinkled asshole.
"He's licking her ass," Kristina whispers. "Yeww!"
"Ask Alex how it feels," I say over my shoulder to Kristina then push my tongue into Alex's pussy and suck her inner labia into my mouth.
"Oh fuck!" Alex cries when my tongue brushes against her clit. "It... um... felt weird to have him... you know... lick my butt, but I really liked it," she reassures her friends.
"Oh yeah! Oh Brandon!" Alex screams as I suck her clit into my mouth and gently tap it with my tongue. Sliding a finger into her pussy, I piston it in and out while I devour her clit with my mouth. Alex is rocking all over the couch now, moaning and crying words of encouragement.
"Oh! Oh! Just like that! Oh yeah! Oh Fuck!" she pants, as she grabs my hair and humps her pussy against my face.
"Damn!" Kylie exclaims. "He's going to make her cum!"
Of course, I am. That's the whole idea.
"I'm getting soaked just watching them," Lauren says, causing me to conjure up images of my sister's juicy pussy as I attack Alex's with renewed vigor.
"Damn... right... I'm...going... to... cum!" Alex has abandoned any inhibitions she might have arrived with and is unabashedly fucking my face with her pussy. Her fingers are entwined in my hair and she's rocking so hard against me that I'm having trouble breathing. Just when I think she might suffocate me, I go in for the kill shot, gently biting her clit between my teeth as I push my tongue hard against the tip of it.
"OhhhhhhhhHHHHHH FUCK!" Alex screams as the floodgates open and pussy juice gushes from her wide-open fuck hole. Her clit is too sensitive now and she pushes my face away and tries to close her legs. I pull my finger from her pussy as I block her thighs from closing so I can lap up her freely flowing cream. Fucking delicious!
I raise my eyes to see her face but they stop at her luscious breasts and her dark nipples, thick with arousal. I reach for those black nubs, pinching them between my fingers as I continue to devour her soggy pussy.
"Unfuckingbelievable!" Kylie says as I release Alex's nipples and lower her legs down onto the couch. She still hasn't caught her breath as I sit back and wipe my face with my arm. The other three girls are flush with arousal, their legs pressed tightly together as they watch their friend recover from her orgasm.
"I need to wash up," I say to no one in particular as I stand up and head to the bathroom. Fuck! One down, and two to go. My face brightens into a wide smile. Or maybe three to go... we'll see.
I wash my face and hands, brush my teeth and get myself presentable for my next contestant. This has turned into the wildest night of my life... and to think it's with my sister and her friends! As crazy as we got at some of my college parties, I've never experienced anything like this.
As I walk back to the living room, Alex is giving the other girls a detailed description of how she felt during the whole thing. I listen for a minute before I go in.
"No one has ever eaten me like that!" she says. "The guys I know just stick their tongue in a few times and then want to fuck." She lets out a big sigh. "Thank you, Lauren, your brother really knows what the fuck he's doing!" This seems like a good time to make my entrance.
"I'm all cleaned up and ready for my next contestant," I smile as I walk over to the couch.
"Thank you, Brandon," Alex says as she stands up and gives me a hug. I squeeze her ass checks and hold her against me, my hard cock pushing into her stomach.
"The pleasure was all mine," I tell her.
"Not hardly!" she answers, kissing me lightly on the lips and trailing her fingernails along the length of my erection as she moves over by the other girls and Kristina jumps on the couch.
"I'm ready," she declares, assuming the same position Alex was just in and spreading her pale legs as wide as they'll go. The two pussies couldn't be more different. Alex's labium was thick and meaty while Kristina's is thin and delicate, like a flower. Which is exactly what I tell her.
"Your pussy looks like a delicate flower, waiting to open with the first ray of sunshine," I whisper as I brush my fingers through her tuft of blonde pubic hair.
"More like waiting to be pollinated," Kylie laughs.
"Hey, I thought you liked me being poetic," I smile, laughing with them. "What do you want me to do?" I ask Kristina as I use two fingers to spread her thin pussy lips. They are slippery with arousal without any stimulation.
"I want what Alex got," she says pleading with her eyes.
"It will be a pleasure," I answer, turning to my audience to add a few comments. "Every pussy is different," I tell them. "Look at how delicate Kristina's looks compared to Alex's. Her aroma is different, too," I say, taking a big breath and filling my nostrils with her sweet scent.
"Your scent is intoxicating, Kristina," I tell her as I gently lick all around her pussy before sucking her outer labia into my mouth and flicking my tongue along the sensitive edge.
"Oh God!" Kristina cries. "I've never felt anything like this!" I remember she didn't raise her hand.
"And we're just getting started," I breath as I smear her juices around her pussy with my little finger.
I take my time licking and sucking on her delicious pussy, enjoying the less pungent flavor of her steadily flowing juices. I keep teasing and then pulling back until she's almost whimpering with anticipation. Finally, just like with Alex, I push my finger deep into her tight pussy while I suck her clit through to her orgasm.
She's not as wild or out of control as Alex but when her orgasm hits, it nearly drives her through the roof. She arches her back all the way off the couch, pushing her pussy so hard against my mouth that I almost lose my balance. I stay with her and when she lets out a long whimpering scream, I know we've arrived.
"OooooooooooooooooooaaaAAAAAAAAGGHHHHHH!" she cries and I'm rewarded with a thick creamy release of sexy syrup that tastes just like heaven. I retract my finger and lap at her pussy as she settles back down on the couch. Her nipples look gigantic in their fully aroused state and I pinch them more gently than I did Alex's. For some reason Alex invoked more aggressive sex from me than Kristina. Kristina just exudes delicateness throughout her whole body.
By the time I sit up, Kylie is moving towards the couch. "Give her a minute," I tell her. "Besides, I have to clean up first anyway."
"Sorry," Kylie says. She appears to be in such a state of arousal that any touch might set her off. I'm going to have to calm her down a little if I want her to have the same experience as the other two. The question of Lauren is still on my mind as I head to the bathroom to wash up again.
Kylie is already in position when I get back but there doesn't seem to be any of the chatter that followed my romp with Alex. Kristina is sitting on the floor, away from the couch and I'm wondering if she's okay with what happened when she beams me the most beautiful smile I've ever seen. "Thank You," she mouths as she spreads her legs so I can see how much juice is still dripping from her flower-petal pussy. I stop and kiss the top of her head on my way to the couch.
"I'm going to need a new tongue when this night's over," I joke.
"Can I have your old one?" Alex cackles, making us all laugh hysterically.
"Kylie," I say, staring at her porcelain smooth pussy. "You've seen two different approaches to eating pussy. What about each one excited you the most?" I ask, hoping that by getting her talking in a more analytical way it will prolong her pleasure once we get started.
"I liked the way you had Alex moving around so wildly," she answers as I run my fingers over her smooth pubic mound. "But I also liked how long you took with Kristina and how overpowering her orgasm was."
"Well, let's see what we can do for you." I continue trailing my fingers around her bare pussy as I lean in to sample her scent. She's like a cross between the other two girls. Not quite delicate but not as strong as Alex. "You have a very distinct aroma, Kylie. Enticing without being overpowering."
"If you say so," she smiles, clearly anxious for the main event. Her smooth pussy lips are shiny with her leaked juices and I run my fingers up and down the edges coating them with the transparent lubricant. She leans her head back and closes her eyes as I tease her lips open and slip a finger inside. Her pussy muscles clamp onto my finger pulsating around it as she rocks her ass against the couch.
"I wish that was your dick," she says, raising her eyebrows at me. I hear my sister suck in her breath and she looks like she's ready to speak. I beat her to it.
"I thought you wanted my tongue," I say, enjoying the banter.
"That too," she says. "We can start with that." Hmmm. I bend my head down and attack her pussy in much the same way I did Alex. I suck and tease her back to her full arousal level before I push two fingers into her experienced pussy. I pump my fingers in and out as I'm nibbling on her engorged clit, and trying to keep up with her as she bounces her ass all over the damn couch.
"God! You're good!" she cries as my teeth gently tease her sensitive love button. She raises her ass off the couch as she screams my name.
"God! Brandon! Fuck! Oh yeah! Fuck me! Oh God!" Her body convulses and she jerks her pussy against my mouth as she twists her body and raises herself up on one arm.
"Ohhhhh! FUUUCK!" She shoots her love juices into my mouth as her body spasms with pleasure. Fuck! I've never eaten a woman whose pussy erupted in a geyser like that! I suck and swallow her tangy cream, keeping my mouth locked on her pussy as she settles back down onto the couch.
Just like the other girls, I reach for her tits as I continue licking her pussy. To my surprise her thin nipples are jutting out from their protective cocoons and I pinch the sensitive tips, which causes another eruption from her wide-open pussy.
"I forgot to tell you, I'm a squirter," she says, smiling coyly.
"What's a squirter," Kristina asks. I had almost forgotten we had an audience.
"Most girls gush extra pussy juice when they cum," I answer. "Kylie shoots cum almost like when a guy ejaculates."
"They call it female ejaculation," Kylie says, still panting. "I looked it up after the first time it happened," she says with a shrug.
"You could have warned me," I smile.
"It doesn't always happen. Only when I'm extremely aroused," she says, smiling back at me.
"So I passed the audition?" I ask, as I reach for my beer.
"With flying colors," she answers. "But it's not a speaking part," she laughs. "Damn, now I'm the one who has to clean up." She stands up and heads for the bathroom.
I watch her ass while I take another swig from my beer. I'm just biding my time, waiting to see what Lauren is going to do. I've eaten her three friends to orgasm and she has clearly been affected by it all but whether she wants her older brother to eat her pussy is another matter. I admit that at first I thought it was weird but now I'm anxious to taste her hidden charms.
"You're waiting to see what I'm going to do," Lauren says. Damn, she nailed it.
"You know me too well, Sis," I answer raising my eyebrows.
"What do you want me to do?" she asks, making eye contact like she's silently hoping I'll take the decision away from her. Lauren is sitting on the floor with her knees out and her ankles crossed, in what they used to call Indian style before it became politically incorrect. Her glistening pussy is blatantly on display.
"You're clearly aroused by all of this," I say, like it just occurred to me. She nods. "You've never had anyone go down on you." She nods again, maintaining eye contact but not saying anything. "I've been fondling you all evening." She nods again. I shrug as if this is a no brainer.
Alex and Kristina are watching this interchange but are definitely reluctant to get involved in it. This is between us... brother and sister, deciding whether to cross that line, or maybe whether to cross that line with an audience. Hmmm. Before I can get my mind around that idea, Lauren speaks again.
"Do you want to eat me?" she asks. There it is. My decision. Do I want to eat my sister's pussy? Hell yes! Do I want to eat it in front of her friends? Will it be all over twitter in the morning? Doubtful. At least no one is taking any pictures.
"We'd be crossing a line," I respond. She nods again. "Maybe one we shouldn't cross without some clear headed thought."
"Are you not clear headed?" she asks, tilting her head to the side in a way that makes me want to kiss her, and not a brotherly kiss.
"Which head?" I laugh, glancing down at my cock, which by the way hasn't gotten any relief.
"Good point," she laughs and the spell is broken, she looks away. "You still have to check my pussy though, right?" she asks. "To see if it's the sexiest."
"Right," I answer, scooting over on the couch. "Up you go," I say, patting the couch next to me.
Lauren crawls up on the couch just as Kylie returns from the bathroom. "You're going to let him eat you?" she screams. "That's fucking awesome!" she moves in close for a good seat.
"My turn to clean up," I say, getting up from the couch. "I'm just going to compare her pussy to the rest of yours to see whose is the sexiest," I tell Kylie as I head out of the room. I pause in the doorway to hear her response.
"Really?" she asks, disappointment dripping from the single word. "Lauren, you don't know what you're missing." Kylie clearly doesn't have the same reserve the other girls showed; she's more than willing to jump into the discussion. "When you do get a guy to go down on you, you're going to need something to compare it to," she argues. "Your brother sets the bar pretty high! You shouldn't pass this up."
I continue down the hall and wash my face and hands. They're still at it when I return.
"He's my brother!" Lauren answers, as if that explains it all. "He'll be here if I need him later." Okay, I wasn't expecting that response.
"But why wait?" Kylie asks. Good question.
"Kylie," I admonish her. "It's her decision, right?" Kylie shakes her head like it's the stupidest discussion she's ever heard. I turn my attention to my sister's pussy. She hasn't spread her legs as wide as the others did but her pussy is still on full display. And what a damn fine pussy it is.
Although medium thickness, her labia is larger than any of the others. I didn't see it when she was standing up but it overhangs almost twice as far as any of the other girls. Shit. I want to suck those pussy lips into my mouth and just gnaw away at them. I know I could drive her absolutely crazy!
"Your pussy lips are to die for, Sis," I tell her as I pinch one side between my fingers and slide them around on the slippery surface.
"Hmmm," she murmurs as a shiver runs through her body.
"I like the way you've trimmed it too," I tell her as I move to the other side of her pussy and do the same thing with her other lip.
"Let's see how you smell," I smile as I bend closer to her exposed pussy and take a big whiff. Holy fuck! My cock swells at the erotic scent of my sister's pussy. I could get high on this stuff. I take another big sniff as I insert my finger into her pussy to get some juice to taste.
"Just lick it once," she says so quietly that I'm not sure that's what she said. I look up at her and she just nods her head. If I'm only going to get one lick, I'm going to make it a good one.
I lift up her thighs and push them farther apart, exposing both her ass and her pussy. With a thick coat of saliva on my tongue, I slowly rim her asshole before gliding it up along that very sensitive area between her ass and her pussy. Then, pushing it between her lips, lingering as I dive deeply into her hot love canal. Sucking in some of her delectable cream, I press my tongue against her clit and swirl it around several times.
When I come up for air, Lauren is shivering with arousal. She has her eyes closed and her head back and I savor her persistent flavor inside my mouth as I await further direction.
"Again," she finally says almost under her breath. I repeat nearly the same route only this time I suck her clit into my mouth and push two fingers into her pussy.
"Ohhh! Mmmmm," Lauren moans as I work my magic on her red hot pussy. She's so ready for a climax that no teasing is necessary; I just piston her hole with my fingers while I assault her clit with my mouth. In short order, she is crying out her need for release.
"Brandon! Damn you! Fuck you! Oh God! Right there! Oh Yeah!" She arches her back, grabs my head with both hands and nearly suffocates me as her pussy explodes in orgasmic bliss. Her pussy gushes hot liquid honey while her body convulses in pure pleasure. I stay with her until her orgasm subsides, then pull my fingers from her still quivering hole and lick all around her wide lips.
"See, I told you," Kylie says, stroking Lauren's hair as she strives to catch her breath.
"You were right," Lauren nods. "It was amazing!
"And the winner of the sexiest pussy..."
"I haven't even caught my breath yet!" Lauren protests. "Give me a second."
"Okay," I smile. "I'll go clean up." I linger, watching my sister's chest heave as she catches her breath.
"Go already," she says, shooing me away.
Damn! I just ate my sister's pussy! Instead of feeling ashamed, I find myself wishing we were alone. I splash water on my face and stare at myself in the mirror. Pervert!
"Are we ready now?" I ask my sister when I return from the bathroom. She just nods but returns my smile with that 'just fucked' glow all over her face.
"The sexiest pussy award goes to... drum roll, please... Kristina!" Her smile is absolutely radiant. "With your rose petal pussy lips, sweet, exotic scent and feathery blonde hair, you're going to have guys lining up to serve your every need!"
"Thanks, Brandon," Kristina says. "But not with these tits." Fuck! I never thought she was so self-conscious about her tits.
"You're wrong, Kristina," I admonish her. "You've got great tits. I admit guys like cleavage but your nipples are the end all of nipples and your ass - don't even get me started on your ass again, plus you have the sexiest pussy in the room. Wanna fuck?" I didn't actually say that last part but I was thinking it. I would love to drive my hard cock into that tight, possibly unused pussy!
"If you say so," she smiles.
"So who wins overall?" Alex asks. Good question.
"You are all sexy as hell. No guy could be disappointed with any of you." I look around at the naked girls, bathing in their post orgasmic radiance. Shit. I just ate out four different girls and my cock is so hard I can barely think.
"The winner, Brandon?" Kylie prompts me.
"The sexiest girl in the room with best combination of attributes.." I pause and look at each of these naked beauties. "By a very narrow margin, mind you is... Lauren, my baby sister!" I point my finger at Lauren as I await the complaints from the other girls but they just start whooping and applauding my choice.
"What does the winner get?" Lauren asks, mischievously.
"You get to take care of that," Kylie says, pointing to my erection.
"What?" Lauren responds incredulously. "Wait... no."
"He's been hard for nearly two hours, don't you think he deserves some release after eating all this pussy?"
"Yes, but..." my sister stammers but Kylie cuts her off.
"You're the one who said you could deep throat a real cock and wish one was here."
"But he's my brother," Lauren retorts.
"Who just ate you your pussy!" Kristina jumps in to counter Lauren's argument. "Seems to me you owe him one."
"One of us needs to do it," Alex says, stepping closer while she looks questioningly at my sister. Fuck! Four naked teenage girls arguing over who's going to suck my dick? Life should always be this tough.
"Think you can deep throat him?" Kylie challenges while looking appreciatively at my cock. I'm not built like a porn star. I have a normal width cock that is maybe a little longer than average. Not much different in size or shape than the rubber dildo that's still sticking up from the coffee table.
"Of course, I can do it," Lauren says looking directly at me. "Brandon?" she says, raising her eyebrows questioningly.
"It's your party, Sis," I answer, scooting forward on the couch so whoever sucks me off has easy access. None of these girls would be a consolation prize but I find myself hoping it will be Lauren. "Your party, your rules."
"You know you want to, Lauren," Kylie urges her on. My pulse is racing as my little sister kneels on the floor between my legs. The other three girls gather around as Lauren hesitantly reaches for my hard-on.
I swear that until tonight I had never harbored any sexual feelings towards my sister. I am happily in a relationship with Kelly, well mostly happy. Lauren has always just been my annoying little sister. But when I look between my legs and see her big brown eyes staring up at me as she wraps her fingers around my solid cock, my mind blots out every other girl I've ever known.
Staring right into my eyes, she tries a few tentative strokes up and down the length of my shaft before rising up on her knees and moving her mouth towards the domed head. She questions me with her eyes just before her lips reach me. I silently nodded as she plants a kiss on the tip of my dick.
Based on what I heard and saw earlier, Lauren is no stranger to blowjobs. Instead of diving right in, she teases me by licking up and down the sides of my shaft, coating the length with saliva. It is so fucking erotic the way she maintains eye contact with me the entire time.
With one hand gently cupping my balls she licks all over my cock, concentrating her attention on the sensitive underside of it just below the head. Even with three other naked girls to look at, I couldn't break eye contact with my sister if I tried... and I didn't try. With our eyes locked on each other it's like no one else in the room exists.
Finally, pulling my cock down towards her she slides her lips over the head while her hand strokes up and down my shaft. I emit a low moan from deep in my throat as she corkscrews her hand up and down my shaft and slides her lips farther down my hard dick.
Damn! My sister knows her way around a penis. This is already one of the best blowjobs I've ever had and she's barely gotten started. I'm not sure how much is due to her skill and how much is due to the fact that she's my sister. Either way, I'm not complaining.
Lauren continues stroking my cock while she takes a deep breath. I know what's coming next and apparently so do her friends.
"Here she goes," Kylie says, breaking the spell between Lauren and I. Fuck! I wish they would just watch quietly. Doesn't matter though once Lauren's mouth engulfs my cock and she slides her lips about two thirds of the way down, I don't care anymore!
"She's doing it," Kristina marvels as she leans in for a closer look. I reach up and pinch Kristina's nipple just as I feel my cock enter my sister's throat. Fuck!
Lauren pulls back along my throbbing shaft and continues stroking my cock as she gasps for breath.
"You didn't hit his pubic hair," Kylie announces.
"What?" Lauren, yells at her. "He was in my fucking throat!" I can vouch for that.
"True deep throating means you take his entire cock," Kylie says, sassily. "Your lips have to hit his pubic hair." I'm not sure where she's getting her rules but it's an interesting one.
"And you can do that?" Lauren asks?
"Yup, sure can," she answers.
"Fine. Go ahead!" Before I know what's happened, Lauren has moved out of the way and Kylie is kneeling between my legs.
"I've wanted to do this all evening," she says, smiling as she sucks the head of my cock into her warm mouth. Kristina is sitting on one side of my legs and Lauren on the other watching intently as Kylie pumps my cock into her mouth, taking it deeper with each stroke.
With the other girls watching so closely, I feel more like a biology experiment than getting a great blowjob. And it is a great blowjob! My sister knew what she was doing but Kylie is the blowjob queen. She's only at it a few minutes when I feel her loosen the muscles in her throat and my dick slides down. She actually swallows my cock! I can feel her swallow as the head enters her throat. Fuck! I could almost shoot my load right now but Kyle is pressing my cock deeper into her throat.
"She did it!" Kristina announces as Kylie's lips brush against my pubic hair. Damn! She has my entire cock in her mouth... and throat! She holds it there, glancing up at me before she starts the slow withdrawal. My cock is about to burst, especially with the next surprise.
"Can I try it?" Kristina asks as Kylie gasps for breath. Kylie literally hands her my dick. Shit! Am I just going to get passed down the line? Not that I'm complaining. Any guy would sell his mother to be where I am.
"I've never done this," Kristina admits as her small hand encircles my hard cock and she feeds the head into her mouth. "Mmmmm," she moans around my erection as her hand strokes the length of my saliva-coated shaft. This girl has been watching her friends.
"Don't try to take too much your first time," Alex advises her. Alex has moved up to where Kristina was sitting and Kylie is over beside Lauren. Even just the head in your mouth feels great for the guy. Isn't that right, Brandon."
"Absolutely!" I agree as Kristina bobs her head up and down on my cock.
"Use your tongue to lick the underside of the head," Lauren adds her two cents and this starts feeling more like a training session than an orgy. Not that I mind. It's quite a turn on to be a girl's first blowjob. Makes me wonder about the state of her vagina. Surely she can't really be a virgin.
"Now you've got it," Alex says encouragingly. "How does that feel, Brandon?"
"Fucking amazing!" I answer and Kristina's eyes reflect what I interpret as a proud smile.
"How about now?" Alex asks seductively, as she glides her fingernails over my balls.
"Damn!" I cry as I feel my balls tighten. "I'm going to cum!" I shout. Kristina's eyes get really big and she slows her movements.
"Don't stop!" I admonish her.
"Want me to take it?" Alex asks.
"Yes, please," Kristina answers as she slides my cock out of her mouth and scoots over. Alex leans down and slurps my head into her mouth while vigorously stroking my cock. Bobbing her head up and down, she finishes me off in no time. My cock erupts in Alex's mouth, shooting a shitload of cum that built up during the four girl assault. She swallows the initial burst of cum, and then motions Kristina over to finish me off.
"You should at least taste it," she says, pushing my frothing cock into Kristina's open mouth. Kristina sucks and swallows the final few spurts like a pro as Alex pumps my shaft to drain every drop.
"Keep it in your mouth," Kylie says. "Just gently suck on it like a lollipop," she instructs. "I bet it gets hard again pretty quickly."
"I thought we were supposed to be giving him some relief, not teasing him hard again." Lauren protests.
"Who said anything about teasing?" Kylie answers. "I want to fuck him!"
Wait! What? I sit up so fast that my cock pops out of Kristen's warm mouth. She looks startled and confused, like she's just lost her pacifier. "Sorry," I say, and then almost laugh at the absurdity of my apology. I scoot back down and she resumes her gentle sucking on my semi-erect cock.
I wonder if Kylie is the only one who wants to fuck me. I glance at Alex who seems as anxious to get laid as Kylie. I can't believe I'm going to fuck these teen beauties, especially Alex. I've never been with a black chick before. My cock swells in Kristen's mouth but before I get too far into my fantasy, cooler heads prevail.
"NO!" Lauren says and all heads turn in her direction. "We've gone far enough, farther actually. We've all been drinking, my brother has a girlfriend, you have a boyfriend," she points at Kylie who tries but fails at looking defiant. "I think we should just call it a night." Before anyone has a chance to protest, she opens the door for follow up action.
"We have the whole weekend." Looking right at Kylie she adds, "If you feel the same way tomorrow, I'm sure my brother will come back over and accommodate you. We've had a great time tonight," she says then looks right at me. "I know I have. Now let's just go to our respective bedrooms and get a good night's sleep. Who knows we might look at things differently in the morning."
"I won't," Kylie says.
"Me either," Alex offers as she gets up off the floor, confirming her willingness.
"That means you can stop, Kristina," Lauren says with a little more exasperation than I think is necessary.
"Oh," she says, "sorry." She slowly removes my cock from her mouth and lays it gently against my pubic hair, patting it twice before giving it a kiss on the tip. "See you tomorrow," she says to my nearly erect cock as she stands and stretches.
I stand up too and each of the girls comes over to give me a hug.
"Good night, Brandon," Kylie says as she presses her body tightly against mine. "Sleep well," she smiles.
Alex is next and without saying a word she wraps her arms around me, mashes her large breasts against my chest and drives her tongue straight into my mouth. I squeeze her ample ass cheeks as I return her kiss we're almost humping each other before we're done.
"Good night, Brandon," she says, once again trailing her fingernails along the length of my cock. Fuck!
"Jees! You guys!" Lauren says as they shrug and turn towards the bedroom.
"I'm so glad you came, Brandon," Kristina says, and then realizes what she's said and quickly adds, "came over, I mean." Laughing at her faux pas. "I've never felt anything like that." She kisses me quickly on the lips and turns to make her exit. I grab her and pull her back into a full hug, pressing my cock against her pubic mound and mashing her thick nipples against my chest.
"I'm glad I came, too, Kristina." I tell her. "You've really grown up." Blushing she almost runs out of the living room.
"What about you, Sis?" I ask. "Are you glad I came?" I tease.
"Yes," she says, pulling me into a full body embrace. Skin to skin with my sister is so different than anything I've ever experienced. My cock responds instantly as our bodies conform to each other and Lauren looks into my eyes. "You enjoy yourself tonight?" she asks.
"Very much. How about you?" I ask, trailing my hands down her back and lightly caressing her bare ass cheeks.
"Mmm. Hmm," she says, swaying against my body like we're dancing, which has the effect of brushing her nipples against my chest and rubbing my cock against her stomach.
"You don't want me to fuck your friends, do you?" I ask, as I kiss the top of her head.
"I don't know..." she says contemplatively. "I just don't think it is something that should be done without some consideration. I hope you didn't mind me putting the brakes on."
"Not at all," I say, not as convinced as I sound. "I have to admit the offer was enticing, and I've never been with a black girl before. That is especially enticing."
"Well, big brother," she says, pressing harder against my cock for emphasis on the big. "Maybe you'll get your chance tomorrow." Tipping her head back and standing on her tiptoes, she leans up for a kiss. Our lips meet and they linger there, barely moving. I squeeze her ass and pull her more tightly against me as I deliberate whether to slide my tongue in her mouth.
"I love you," she says, breaking the kiss but maintaining eye contact.
"I love you too, Sis."
"I suppose we should go to bed," she says but makes no effort to move out of my embrace.
"I suppose we should," I answer, grinding my hard cock against her and leaning down for another kiss. This time I don't hesitate. As soon as our lips meet, my tongue starts exploring her warm mouth and I feel her melt against me. We kiss for what seems like forever but is probably only a couple of minutes. Our tongues are entwined and our bodies are moving in tandem like experienced lovers.
"Mmmm," she murmurs when our lips finally part. "Maybe I just want to keep you for myself," she says, reaching between us and giving my hard-on a gentle squeeze.
"I could live with that," I answer without even thinking about the ramifications.
"Really?" she asks, her eyes pleading for the right answer.
"Really," I answer as I take her hand and lead her down the hallway. "Your friends are waiting," I say, giving her a quick peck on the lips as I go into my bedroom and send her down the hall to hers.
"Good night, Brandon."
"Good night, Sis."
I lay awake for the longest time trying to make sense of everything that happened this evening. I can't believe I ate four different pussies, one of them my sister's, and got an extended blowjob from all four girls. Being with my sister like this feels weird but I'm strangely excited to see where this new aspect of our relationship takes us. With everything going through my mind, the last person I think about is Kelly.
Kelly! I grab my phone to see what Lauren texted. Scrolling through the message app, I find Lauren's response. She told Kelly that I was sorry we fought, that I was helping Lauren deal with some things and I would see her tomorrow. She ended the message with 'I love you'. I lay back on the bed and smiled. I love my sister.
I awake to the smell of bacon and someone getting onto the bed next to me.
"Good morning, sleepy head," Lauren says, snuggling up next to me. She's fully dressed but I'm naked and she lets her hand trail down my chest to my abdomen.
"Good morning," I answer, wrapping my arm around her. "How did you sleep?"
"Like a baby, once I got to sleep," she responds, her fingers making little circles in my pubic hair. "As you can imagine, we had to stay up talking half the night. You were the hit of the party," she smiles. I kiss the top of her head, wondering where her hand is going next.
"Kelly called," she says, pulling her hand back and sitting up. "I invited her for breakfast. She will be here in a few minutes."
"You what?" I yell, swinging my legs over the edge of the bed.
"She said she needed to talk to you," she shrugs with a big smile on her face.
"I could have gone there," I answer as I stand up and Laurens eyes lock onto my morning hard-on.
"True, but I thought you should have home court advantage," she says, reaching for my cock and gently waving it back and forth. "You better take your shower and get dressed. You don't have much time." I watch her sexy ass in her form fitting white shorts as she exits my room.
I'm out of the shower and saying good morning to the girls just as Kelly arrives. It feels a little weird sitting around the table eating pancakes and bacon with my girlfriend and the four teenage girls I was romping around naked with last night. I'm happy to see they've cleaned up the discarded clothing and sex toys that littered the living room when we went to bed.
Kelly is a beautiful 24-year-old woman who dresses like she's just stepped off the cover of Vogue. Her scarf perfectly accents her outfit and I can sense the other girls sizing her up. They look sexy as hell in their tight shorts and mid-drift barring tops
"So what was the problem you needed help with?" Kelly asks Lauren as she takes a bite of pancakes with no syrup.
"Just boy issues," Lauren shrugs like it's not big deal. I wonder if she lies this easily or if she had already come up with something when she sent the text.
"You know," Kelly says, "you can always talk to me, Lauren. I would be willing to help too."
"I'm not sure I can trust your judgment, Kelly," Lauren says, "You picked my brother." Kelly starts to stammer out an answer while the rest of us burst into laughter.
"Just kidding, Kelly," Lauren says, touching her arm. "Thank you, I'll keep that in mind."
We continue with insignificant small talk through the rest of breakfast but it unsettles me that Kelly didn't get that Lauren was kidding. When I look around the table it seems that Kelly is probably the least fun person here. The sex is amazing. Kelly is practically a contortionist but our life outside of the bedroom consists mostly of hanging around with her boring friends or fighting with each other.
"We're going shopping so you two can talk," Lauren says as she gets up and starts to clear the table. Alex, Kristina and Kylie join her in the kitchen. Once they've filled the dishwasher, they come back in to say goodbye.
"See you later," Lauren says, kissing me on the cheek. "Bye Kelly," she waves. The other girls follow suit, saying goodbye and kissing me on the cheek.
"An affectionate bunch," Kelly says once they've left. If she only knew.
"Apparently," I answer.
"I hate it when we fight, Brandon," Kelly says reaching for my hand.
"Me too," I answer honestly, "but we seem to do it a lot." She nods. "Funny, I don't even remember what we were fighting about. It always seems to be something trivial."
"It was about Bethany," Kelly says. "You don't like her and she's one of my best friends. But never mind about that right now, I wished you had come home last night," she says in her best purr-like voice. "I was horny for some make-up sex," she laughs. Fuck! She's even given it a name. I wonder if she names the others 'wake-up sex' and 'welcome home from work-sex'.
"Kelly," I take her hand, "there is nothing in this world as wonderful as sex with you."
"Thank you," she blushes, "I try." She gives me one of her most seductive looks. "Shall we take this to your bedroom?" she asks.
"No, not this time," I respond, not really aware of what I'm saying until it comes out of my mouth. "I can never think straight when I'm in bed with you," I tell her and see a look of confusion on her face. "But honestly, outside of the bedroom we don't have a lot in common. We spend sixty percent of our time fighting and forty percent making up." I guess it is make-up sex.
"What do you mean we don't have anything in common?" she pulls back, ready for a fight. "We have our friends."
"Your friends," I counter.
"They're your friends now, too." She stops and just looks at me, her anger putting a light flush on her face. "Are you breaking up with me? Is there someone else?"
"NO!" I say emphatically. "No one else. I just think you deserve someone who you don't spend two-thirds of your time fighting with, don't you?" I ask her.
"You are breaking up with me!" She stands up and starts to walk away but spins back around. "Fuck you! Brandon! Just fuck you! Nobody breaks up with me! I do the fucking breaking up!" She takes a deep breath, whirls around and looks like she's going to breathe fire, "I hope you're happy with whoever she is! We're through!" she screams as she storms out the door.
Fuck! I didn't even know I was going to do that. But it feels right somehow. I finish straightening the kitchen then stretch out on the couch flipping through channels on the TV.
I must have dosed off, late nights of pussy eating and blowjobs will do that. I hear the girls come in, all talking at once and laughing merrily. I sit up and say hi.
"Hey," Lauren says, sitting next to me. "How did it go with Kelly?"
"We broke up," I answer, aware that the other girls are nearby and the chatter has stopped.
"I'm sorry," Lauren says, putting her arm around me.
"I'm not," I smile. "It was my idea."
"Then I'm not either," she says, kissing me playfully on the cheek. "I never really liked her anyway." I didn't know that. "I'm not sure what you saw in her... I mean... other than the obvious."
"She really knew what to do with that obvious," I answer. Lauren holds up her hands.
"TMI, Brandon!" she laughs. "Too much information."
"Outside of the sex," I continue, "We really didn't have anything in common." I stretch and turn towards my sister. "Will you go with me this afternoon to get my stuff?"
"Sure." Lauren says although I'm not certain she really wants to.
"Want to see what we bought?" Kylie asks.
"Of course," I answer as they rustle through the bags on the floor. "Will you model them for me?"
"That's what I meant," Kylie smiles. They pull out a variety of tops, shorts and skirts and start to undress.
"You're going to change right here?" Lauren asks.
"Like we have something he hasn't already seen?" Alex asks as she pulls her top over her head and reveals a light tan bra, which exposes plenty of cleavage.
"She has a point," I answer, watching as each of the girls starts to disrobe.
"You're such a guy, Brandon," Lauren punches my arm but she joins her friends in modeling the new outfits.
I spend the next half hour with a perpetual hard-on. Even though the girls never strip down past their underwear, it is sexy as hell to watch them try on their clothing. They swap tops and skirts as much as their physical differences permit and ask me my opinion on everything.
"Do you think this would look better without a bra," Kylie asks, holding up a top that Alex just took off.
"I'm not sure," I answer honestly. "Try it!"
"I was hoping you'd say that," she responds, unclasping her bra and exposing her exquisite puffy nipples.
"You just wanted to show off your tits," Lauren says. "You'll never wear that without a bra."
"Maybe," she shrugs, slipping the top over her head and pulling it down over her chest. "What do you think?" she asks me, coming closer so I can get a good look.
"I like it but I wouldn't suggest going out in public like this." I reach up and tweak her nipples through the light material. "It's very sexy."
"I can never go braless," Alex says, "but I'll show you my tits again, Brandon." She strips off the top she was modeling, drops her bra on the floor and leans over the arm of the couch. Her tits are inches from my face and she lifts one with her hand, offering it to me as she feeds her nipple into my mouth. I suck on her thick, black nub, teasing it with my tongue and nibbling on it with my teeth.
I'm lost in the taste of Alex's tits when I feel fingers fumbling with my zipper. Kristina is kneeling between my legs and trying to free my hard cock. She obviously hasn't had much practice with this. I put my hand over hers to stop her.
"As much as I would love to continue this," I say, releasing Alex's nipple and catching my breath. This had all the makings of becoming a full-fledged orgy with me sucking, eating and fucking all these girls at once. "I really need to go get my stuff." I scoot back, pull up my zipper and look into the long faces of three disappointed girls.
"We can pick up where we left off when I get back," I assure them.
"Promise?" Kristina asks, looking up at me with her big blue eyes. She's still kneeling on the floor in front of me and is the only one who hasn't taken off her top.
"Only if you let me feast on these fabulous nipples," I respond, reaching out and tweaking them through her blouse and bra.
"Deal!" she says, excitedly, glancing anxiously at Lauren who responds with a slight shake of her head. Something's brewing but I probably won't find out until we get back.
"So what really happened between you and Kelly?" Lauren asks once we're in the car.
"I told you we broke up," I answer evasively. Lauren just waits me out and I finally add, "there's got to be more to a relationship than fights and make up sex."
"Is that why you brought me so you wouldn't be tempted into make up sex?"
"She can be very convincing," I smile.
"I bet," Lauren says and we sit quietly for a minute.
"She's positive that there's another woman," I say.
"Is there?" Lauren asks. I reach over and take her hand, gently squeezing it as I rest my arm on the console.
"Not in the way that she thinks," I answer, glancing over to catch her reaction. She's smiling so I continue. "Last night was so much fun and not just the sexual parts."
"The sexual parts weren't fun?" Lauren asks, teasingly squeezing my hand.
"See!" I answer. "That's just what I'm talking about. Off and on through the whole night we were all laughing and cutting up. It made me realize how boring my life with Kelly has been."
"Other than the fantastic make up sex?" Lauren continues to tease. I'm not sure if that just comes naturally or if it's a defense mechanism to keep me from getting too sappy. Either way, I like it.
"Of course, that wasn't boring." I join in her banter. "You saw her at breakfast. She didn't even get that you were teasing."
"I know, right?" Lauren says, turning towards me and getting more animated. "I couldn't believe she was about to defend her choice in men," Lauren laughs. She places her hand on my inner thigh, dangerously close to my cock and leans towards me. "Do you need me to take the edge off before you see her?" Lauren mischievously asks while running her fingers up the length of my crotch.
"I'm fine," I answer, "but I might take you up on that later."
"See, even you don't know when I'm joking," she says, pulling her hand back.
"I knew." I answer, not at all sure that I really did.
"Maybe I wasn't," she teases. Okay, that's why I'm not sure. Before I can think of a witty comeback, we pull up in front of Kelly's apartment building.
"Thanks for coming with me Sis," is all I say.
"I wouldn't miss it," she says, opening her door. "Maybe I'll get to see some make up sex."
"Don't hold your breath," I say, taking her hand again as we walk up to Kelly's door. I had called ahead so that Kelly would know we were coming.
Kelly opens the door wearing the Vogue version of sexy outwear, a skintight skirt and lots of enticing cleavage. Lauren almost starts laughing and I suck in a breath to keep from joining her.
"Oh," Kelly says, "I didn't know you were bringing Lauren." Maybe I forgot to mention that on the phone.
"She's going to help me carry my stuff," I say leading Lauren into the living room past Kelly. The iHome is playing some of my favorite music and there's a wine bottle open on the coffee table with two glasses.
"I thought we might be able to talk this through," Kelly says, smiling at me while shooting daggers at Lauren. I start putting things in boxes as I respond.
"I'm sorry, Kelly," I answer. "Let's just take a break from the fighting for a while." She's looking around like there's a better answer floating in the air somewhere.
"We were good together, Brandon," she says, a single tear staining her perfect make up.
"Very good," I admit, putting my hand on her shoulder. "But we fought like crazy."
"And made up just as crazily," she whispers, glancing at Lauren who is walking towards the bedroom with an empty box.
"Hey, let's not fight about how we fought," I laugh but she doesn't see the humor.
"What will I tell Gwen and Steven?" she asks. "We are supposed to have dinner with them tonight." This is what's really bothering her; what will she tell her friends.
"Tell them whatever you want," I answer, picking through the few CDs we have and taking mine. "Look, if you want to tell your friends that you caught me with another woman and kicked me out, it's fine with me."
"You arrogant bastard!" she screams. "You think this is all about what I'm going to tell my friends?" I have to admit she really is gorgeous when she's mad. "Fine! Just get your stuff and get out!"
It takes about twenty minutes for Lauren and I to get my clothes and the few meager possessions I have. Kelly just sits at the kitchen table flipping through a magazine without speaking, even when I tell her goodbye.
"That went well," Lauren says as we put the last box in the trunk. I shrug as we get in the car and head back to our parent's house. I'm not sure how long I'm going to want to live with my parents and I don't have another good option available.
"She was really expecting make up sex, wasn't she?" Lauren asks, shaking her head.
"Why not?" I answer. "It's worked every other time."
"Would it have worked if I wasn't along," she asks.
"I don't know." I put my hand on her thigh as I smile. "With three or four gorgeous, willing females waiting at home, maybe not." She playfully slaps my hand away with a laugh.
"I wanted to talk to you about that," she says, turning in her seat so she's almost facing me. I've been expecting this conversation ever since the blowjob last night.
"Lauren," I say, preempting her, "you should think long and hard about how far we take things." She unexpectedly bursts out laughing and this time I'm really not in on the joke.
"Long and hard! Just how I like it," she says, "but that's not what I wanted to talk about."
"Oh," I smile. "I guess that was kind of presumptuous of me," I add, apologetically.
"Yeah, kind of, but not really," she smiles. "We probably do need to have that other conversation but first I have to tell you something before we get home."
"Okay, shoot."
"You probably noticed that Kristina isn't... um... very experienced," she says, peaking my interest already.
"She seems a little more reserved than the others," I answer.
"Well, she doesn't have a boyfriend but seriously wants to lose her virginity," Lauren is speaking faster, clearly not very comfortable with this conversation. "We've been trying to help her but there aren't a lot of options. Sure, we could put the word out and she'd have lots of guys offering to take her out just for that," she says, crinkling her nose to let me know what she thinks of that option. "She'd lose her virginity and gain a reputation. And let's face it, it wouldn't be much of a first experience either." I decide not to comment and let her keep talking.
"That was what the sleepover and adult toy party was for," she says as if I should be following her logic. "We were going to help Kristina lose her virginity to that rubber dildo that was stuck to the coffee table." She laughs nervously, waiting for my reaction.
"So I interrupted more than a deep throating competition by showing up?" I acknowledge, nodding with understanding.
"Exactly!" she says. "You came home and..."
"Look Lauren, I get it," I tell her. "I'm getting in the way of your plans. Hey, no problem, I can crash over at Dave's house for the night and you guys can..." She interrupts me with a jab to my shoulder again.
"No, silly!" she laughs. "You're not in the way at all. If you'd let me finish."
"Okay, just quit hitting me," I joke.
"You came home and now, instead of the dildo, Kristina wants you to take her virginity!"
"What? Wait! No!" I stammer. "I've never done that before."
"Neither has she," she counters, mockingly.
"No... but... I mean... her first time?" This is unfathomable. "What if I hurt her?"
"It's going to hurt anyway."
"I know but... her first time should be really special don't you think?" I ask, wondering why I'm arguing about getting to be the first cock to slide into that tight flower-petal pussy.
"Mine wasn't," she tosses off and I'm not sure what to say.
"That's not a conversation thread I want to follow," I say, faltering for where I do want to take this conversation.
"It will be special!" Lauren insists. "You're obviously an experienced lover and her best friends will be there."
"What? We're doing this in front of everyone?"
"Not everyone," she says, rolling her eyes. "But we were going to be there to help her with the dildo why shouldn't we be there with a real live cock?"
"Is that all I am in this, a live cock? A piece of meat?" I ask with mock indignation.
"Now you're catching on," she laughs. "Seriously, Brandon, you'll do it won't you? You're probably the first guy who's ever appreciated her breasts. It meant a lot to her. It was very nice of you."
"I wasn't just being nice," I explain. "I love her nipples."
"She gets teased a lot for being flat chested," Lauren admits. "Girls and guys can be so fucking cruel," she declares. I listen to her voice raise with indignant passion as she continues. "Her mom is even thinking of getting her implants to help her with her self-image. Do you believe that?"
"That's crazy," I admit. "Her breast are awesome but we're getting off topic, Sis."
"I know, I just wanted you to see how important this is to Kristina. Don't say anything about the implants, okay?"
"Sure," I agree. Meanwhile my mind is reeling and my cock is swelling at the idea of a group sexual therapy to relieve Kristina her once in a lifetime gift. We're almost home before either of us speaks again.
"So, you'll do it?" Lauren asks. I take a deep breath before I answer.
"Two conditions," I say, holding up two fingers for emphasis. "First, I want to talk to Kristina alone to get assurances that she's not doing this out of peer pressure."
"Deal, what's the other one," Lauren says, excited that I've agreed and apparently willing to agree to anything.
"No pressure!" I say a little more forcefully than I meant to. "Kristina can back out anytime, before or during, without a hint of persuasion, disappointment or pressure from any of you." Lauren smiles as we pull into our parent's driveway.
"I knew she picked the right guy for this," she says, leaning over to kiss my cheek. "Thank you! We agree to all your demands. I'll talk to Alex and Kylie while you're talking to Kristina."
Just before we get out of the car she adds, "Now can we go deflower a virgin?" I laugh in spite of, or maybe because of my nervousness.
"How did it go?" Alex asks when we walk in with my stuff.
"He agreed!" Lauren says, looking at Kristina who is grinning ear to ear.
"There are a few more boxes in the car," I announce. "I have to save my strength so you girls better get them," I laugh. The girls take the boxes into my bedroom and then gather in the living room anxious for the fun to begin.
"I found these in one of the boxes," Alex says, holding up a box of condoms. "I figured we'd need them."
"Before we do anything," Lauren takes charge as usual. "Brandon wants to talk to Kristina alone. Why don't you use your bedroom, Brandon?" I leave with Kristina as I hear Lauren start her conversation with her other two friends.
When we get to my bedroom I invite her to sit on my bed and I sit next to her. She breaks the ice before I have a chance to figure out what I'm going to say.
"Thank you for doing this, Brandon," she says. "I'm kind of nervous but not because of you."
"I'm a little nervous myself, Kristina," I assure her. "I've never done this before," I say, prompting a confused expression from her. "Never fucked a virgin," I clarify, if somewhat crudely.
"Oh," she giggles. "I thought you meant... Never mind," she laughs nervously. I take her hands in mine and turn her towards me.
"Are you absolutely sure you want to do this?" I ask, looking into her wide innocent eyes. I've known this girl her whole life. "This is a big decision, not something you should jump into without a lot of thought."
"Don't you want to do it?" she asks quietly. "I mean I understand if Lauren is pressuring you into fucking her flat chested friend," she starts to get up. "It's okay, you really don't have to..."
"Kristina!" I interrupt her and pull her back towards me. "My cock is rock hard thinking about sliding into your tight, virgin pussy. You are extremely desirable... please don't demean yourself like that. I told you how much I love your nipples, and if we do this, you'll see exactly what I mean. I just want to make sure your friends aren't pressuring you into doing something you'll regret."
"It was my idea!" she responds resolutely. "Honestly, they didn't even think of it. Kylie and Alex were too anxious to fuck you themselves and Lauren... well, Lauren's your sister," she says matter-of-factly. "I promise I will have no regrets!" she says, crossing her chest with her fingers.
"Then I'm in..." I say, laughing at the unintended pun. "Well, not yet, but I will be."
"Thank you, Brandon," she says throwing her arms around my neck and kissing me hard on the mouth. I slip my tongue between her lips and we start trading saliva as our tongues entwine.
"You guys aren't starting without us, are you?" Kylie calls down the hallway. We break the kiss and I look Kristina in the eyes.
"I'm going to do everything I can to make this very special for you," I promise her.
"I believe you," she says, smiling demurely and standing up.
"Kristina," I stand next to her and put my hands on her shoulders. "I'm not looking for a new girlfriend. I don't want you to get the wrong idea and get hurt."
"I was hoping you wouldn't get the wrong idea and get hurt, Brandon," she teases. Taking my hand she leads me out into the living room.
"We're ready," she announces to her friends. "Where are we going to do this?" I hadn't thought about where in the house we can comfortably have five people involved in this virgin sacrifice.
"Mom and dad's room," Lauren says. "It's the largest room, has a king-sized bed, and I'll change the sheets before they get home." Kind of weird but probably the best place.
"You're really all going to watch?" I ask as we're filing down the hallway to our parent's bedroom.
"Not just watch," Kylie says. "We're there for encouragement and support."
"Okay," I answer, sailing into uncharted territory... at least uncharted for me. "We're going to take this slowly," I explain. "I don't want anyone getting over anxious because it's taking too long," I say to nods all around. "This is a new experience for me but I'm confident that the higher her arousal level the easier it will be. That's what I'm going to be focusing on."
"That sounds great. Can I be next?" Alex jokes.
"After me," Kylie says as she pulls her top over her head.
"What are you doing?" I ask as she discards her bra and pulls the zipper down on her shorts.
"Showing support," she smiles.
"That's not all your showing," I retort, looking to Lauren for help but her and Alex are stripping their clothes off too.
"We kind of agreed," Lauren shrugs as she slips off her panties, and then hurries around the bed removing the comforter and blankets, leaving just the bottom sheet.
"We were all naked together last night, Brandon" Alex adds as if that has anything to do with this. Her dark nipples are already broadcasting her arousal and my cock stiffens in my shorts.
"You're right," I answer. "I just... I guess I just didn't expect it." I turn back towards the bed and Kristina has already shed her clothing and is lying on the sheet, her legs modestly crossed at her ankles.
Damn! Time to stop complaining. Three naked beauties are just sitting here on the bed, surrounding a naked virgin goddess who is waiting for me to take her virginity. I should fucking pinch myself to see if I'm dreaming, but then I might wake up and I certainly don't want that. I quickly strip off my clothes, to appreciable murmurs from the spectators, and lock eyes with my sister as I crawl up next to Kristina. Lauren looks so damn fuckable; I wish she were the virgin sacrifice. I clear that incestuous thought from my mind as I turn my attention to Kristina.
"You look so inviting," I tell her as I pull her into my arms and resume our kiss from earlier. As our tongues dance a gentle prelude to our lovemaking, I caress her tight, round ass and run my hands down her shapely thighs.
"Mmm," Kristina moans into my mouth as my hand squeezes her firm ass cheek. My cock is mashed against her stomach and her taut nipples are pressing into my chest as our bodies rock together.
"I've can't wait to suck on your nipples," I tell her breaking the kiss as we both try to catch our breath. She just nods as I trail kisses down her neck. Bringing my hand up to massage her breast, I flick my tongue against her elongated nipple and get rewarded with a deep, guttural moan. Sucking her nipple into my mouth, I lick it and nibble on it while my hand caresses her small, pliable breast.
I spend a long time suckling her breasts, shifting back and forth between her taut nipples as her arousal builds. Her hands are in my hair as she pulls my head tightly against her chest. Gradually, I move my hand down her torso and comb my fingers through her blonde pubic hair. I bite her nipple at the same time as my fingers reach her moist pussy and she lets out an audible gasp.
"That sounds good," Kylie says, smiling at her friend.
"It is," Kristina murmurs as I smear her slick juices all around her outer labia. Leaving her breasts, I kiss my way up her neck as I split her pussy lips with my middle finger. With intentional synchronization, I slip my finger between her labia and my tongue into her mouth at the exact same time. She moans into my open mouth as I finger the opening of her tight love canal.
"Mmmmm," Kristina moans around my tongue as I keep up my onslaught on her tender fuck hole. I catch a glance of the other girls; their faces flush with excitement as they watch their friend writhe around on the bed.
I keep teasing her pussy and rubbing her little love button, as I kiss my way down her body. Positioning myself between her widespread legs, I replace my finger with my tongue and eat her through an amazingly powerful orgasm.
"Oh fuck!" she screams. "Ohhhhh Brandon! Oh God! OhhHHHHHHHHH!" I'm sucking on her clit and fingering the opening of her tight, virgin pussy. "I'm fucking cumminggggggg!" she shrieks while entangling her fingers in my hair and pulling my face tightly into her quivering pussy. I stay with her clit until she collapses back on the bed, then start lapping up her sweet nectar.
"You going to fuck her now, Brandon?" Alex asks when I pause to take a breath.
"Not yet," I answer. "She's not ready yet.
"Yes, I am," Kristina counters.
"You'll be more ready after I eat you again," I answer as I dive back into her delectable pussy. Flicking my tongue in every crevice of her labium, I devour her juices and tongue fuck her tight, virgin hole. She moans appreciatively as I push her legs in the air and ream her asshole.
"You're right," she pants, turning her face toward Alex, "that feels wonderful!" She squirms responsively as I slowly lick her perineum, that sensitive area between her asshole and her pussy.
As I progress towards Kristina's soggy pussy, I stealthily steal glances at Alex, Kylie and Lauren. All three girls are clearly aroused from watching this live action sex show. While Lauren and Kylie are being a somewhat discreet, Alex is openly rubbing her widespread pussy and finger fucking herself. The other two girls have a hand between their legs but are not being so obvious about it. Damn! My cock is fucking hard!
"OOOOOHMYFUCKINGGOD!" Kristina screams, grabbing my hair as I relentlessly assault her saturated pussy. Sucking her clit into my mouth and teasing her tight little love canal with my fingers, I feel her tense towards another orgasm. Bucking her hips off the bed, she pulls my face tightly into her splayed open pussy.
"OH FUUUUUUUCKKK!" she groans as her pulsating vaginal muscles try to suck my finger inside and her excretions soak my face. "OH GOD! I'M FUCKING CUMMING!" she screams.
While Kristina is still in the throes of her second orgasm, I ask Kylie for the condom lying on the nightstand. She grabs it, opens the wrapper and reaches for my cock.
"I can do it," I tell her, my face covered with pussy juice.
"So can I," she smiles as she expertly rolls it down my throbbing cock. Her fingers linger around the base of my cock and then trail across my balls. "Go get 'em tiger," she whispers, slapping me playfully on my ass.
"You're sure you still want this?" I ask Kristina as I align my hard cock with her saturated pussy lips.
"Don't even ask that," she pants. "Just fuck me, Brandon!" she commands, spreading her thighs as wide as they'll go.
"Do you want to be on top so you can control the penetration?" I ask somewhat belatedly.
"Stop stalling, Brandon," Alex pleads. "She really wants this."
I make eye contact with each one of my lovely naked companions while I glide my cock toward Kristina's virgin opening. My cock is rock solid and will easily slip into her well-lubricated hole.
"Your pussy feels incredible," I say as I push my cockhead ever so slowly into her compact tunnel.
"This is it!" Kylie whispers as the girls move closer. She is extremely tight but the residual juices from her back-to-back orgasms help me slide easily between her thin lips. I lean down and push my pussy-soaked tongue deep into her mouth just as my cock starts meeting resistance. Kristina engages my tongue without a hint of concern about the lingering taste.
Kylie is right; this is it. I arch my back with my cock poised at the opening of her silky smooth pussy. Kristina instinctively knows what to do. She raises her knees, spreads her legs wider and plants her feet firmly on the bed.
"Ready?" I ask one more time as I break the kiss. She just nods. While I plunge forward she thrusts upward and my cock bursts through her protective barrier, burrowing itself deep inside her quivering pussy.
"Ooomph!" she lets out a breath of air and her face is set in a hard grimace.
"You okay, Kristina," I ask, watching her face for signs of pain.
"Yeah," she says unconvincingly. "It hurts but not badly," I feel her vaginal muscles flexing around my cock as if they are trying to expel a foreign object while her hot pussy juice bubbles heatedly all around it.
I lie perfectly still to let her get used to the feeling before slowly extract my cock from her fiery tunnel. Her pussy feels so hot and so fucking tight! When my cockhead is almost out I slowly push it all the way back in. Her pussy is pulsating with excitement as I slowly repeat the in and out strokes to the oohs and aahs of our naked spectators.
"You're a woman," Lauren whispers, while brushing hair off her damp forehead.
"I am!" she smiles while gradually responding to the motions of my cock. I'm still slowly gliding in and out as she wraps her legs around my back and digs her heels into my ass. She's hugging me tightly to her chest when she whispers, "Fuck me, Brandon. Make me cum again."
I wrap my arms under her shoulders for leverage and start gradually pumping my cock faster. My balls slap her ass as she thrusts her hips up to meet me stroke for stroke. Fuck! Less than one day after breaking up with Kelly and I'm fucking my sister's virgin friend... with a fucking audience of naked eighteen year olds. What the fuck! Kristina agrees.
"Oh God! Oh Fuck! We're really fucking!" Her nails dig into my back as our rhythmic lovemaking ignites passionate moans and expletives.
"Yes you are," Alex says as she kisses her on the cheek. "You guys are fucking awesome!"
The condom is helping keep my release at bay, but I'm getting close. I pound into her, slamming my pelvic bone against her clit and plunging my cock deep inside her exceedingly tight pussy.
"Oh yeah! Just like that! Oh fuck!" Kristina holds me tighter, her nails scraping my back as we lose ourselves in the moment. Above our loud breathing I can hear my cock slamming into her slushy pussy and the rhythmic sound of my balls slapping against her ass.
When her orgasm hits and her inner muscles clamp around my rigid cock, I feel a hand sliding down over my ass and caressing my balls. Fuck! That finishes it for me and I jerkily shoot my load into her climaxing pussy. We buck against each other, gasping for air as we hold on tightly and ride out the pleasure cycle.
"Hmmm," I murmur, kissing her tenderly on the lips as her pussy quivers around my spent cock.
"Wow!" Lauren whispers, "I've never watched anyone fuck before. That was amazing."
"Yeah," Alex adds, her hand still caressing my ass cheeks, as I lay entangled with her friend.
"Who's next," Kylie asks, eliciting dirty looks from Lauren.
"We agreed this would be for Kristina," she admonishes her.
"I know but now I'm so fucking horny I'm about to find that rubber dildo," Kylie says, laughing.
"Thank you, Brandon," Kristina says pulling my face down for another kiss. She slides her hands down my back and over my ass, where it collides with Alex's hand. "What the fuck?" she says, turning her head towards Alex who just shrugs and they both laugh long and hard.
I finally disengage my spent cock and roll off of Kristina. Her friends are quick to inspect the damage and report that there is very little blood.
"It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would," Kristina says.
"That's good," I say, rolling off the bed and heading for the bathroom to discard the condom. As I leave, the girls are each sharing the discomfort of their first times. I don't need that information, especially about my sister.
While I'm waiting for the shower spray to get hot, Kylie slips into the bathroom.
"Want me to wash your back, Brandon?" she asks. What the hell, why not?
"Sure," I answer as I move aside to invite her into the shower. We stand facing each other with the shower spray hitting her back as she lathers soap over my cock and balls.
"I thought you said my back," I tease.
"We'll get to that," she smiles as my cock recovers more quickly than I expected.
"Mmmm," Kylie purrs as I caress her breast and pinch her nipples. "Once we get all of Kristina's nasty pussy sauce off of you," she smiles as she corkscrews her soapy hand up and down my fully erect cock and teases my balls, "will you fuck me, Brandon?" Before I can respond, she moves her lips to mine and slips her tongue inside my mouth.
I believe I mentioned that Kylie and I are almost the same height. She slips her hands from between us and wraps them around my ass, mashing her porcelain smooth mound against my erection. "You taste like pussy, Brandon," she says, pausing the kiss while she grinds against my cock. I just smile sheepishly, not knowing how to respond.
"And you recovered fast!"
"You recovered me, Kylie," I respond, gripping her ass cheeks.
"What are you going to do with it now?" she teases.
"What would you like me to do?" I ask.
Smiling seductively, she turns us around so the shower spray is hitting my back. Freeing herself from my embrace, she turns and places her hands against the tile wall. "What I've wanted to do since you showed up yesterday," she answers, grinding her ass against my hard cock.
My cock is sandwiched between her wet ass cheeks as I reach under her arms and caress her medium sized breasts.
"Please," Kylie pleads, spreading her legs apart while glancing at me over her shoulder.
"Please what?" I tease.
"Please put it in me, Brandon." Who am I to ignore a woman's wishes? Even if that woman is an 18-year-old friend of my sister. I pull my cock back and align it with her anxious opening. Gently easing my cockhead between her swollen pussy lips, I hold it there without moving.
"Ohhh," she coos as she pushes back against the intruder. I move with her so that only my cockhead remains inside her luscious pussy. "Come on! Please!" she begs.
I grip her hips with my hands and slam my cock into her, balls deep in one quick thrust.
"Oh! YEAH!" she cries as my balls slap against her upper thighs and my cock stretches her open. I take long even strokes and enjoy the sight of her firm young ass as my cock disappears inside of her. She has both hands on the wall as I hammer my hard cock into her fiery pussy.
"Oh... oh...oh...oh!" her moans punctuate the pounding I'm giving her with low rhythmic moans. "Fuck!" she says, "I've needed this!"
The tension build inside my nut sack and I know I'm not going to last much longer. Kylie has one hand between her legs, working her clit as I pummel her towards the anticipated crescendo.
"Oh Fuck, Brandon! Oh yeah... I'm almost there!" Me too! I'm driving it hard, heading into the home stretch. Just when I can't hold back any longer, Kylie pulls her hand from her clit, braces herself against the wall and clamps her pussy muscles around my cock. I erupt instantly, jerkily depositing several loads of hot jism inside her teenage pussy. Fuck! I forgot the fucking the condom? I freeze, holding her perfectly still.
"Don't stop!" Kylie grasps, "ride it out!"
"We forgot the condom!" I say, sheepishly.
"Forget it, I'm on the pill!" she says, exasperatedly. "Just keep going!" I pick up the rhythm, riding her through the final stages of her orgasm. I'm totally spent and the water is pounding on my back.
"We should wash," I say, making no effort to disengage my cock from her fiery pussy.
"Probably," she agrees, continuing to lean against the shower wall.
"Brandon!" my sister yells, coming into the bathroom. "Are you going to shower all day?"
"No, I'm almost done," I answer but she's already pulling the shower curtain open.
"Kylie!" she screams, "What the fuck are you doing in here... well, I can see what you're doing but..."
"I just thought I'd help him clean up..." she smiles as I pull my spent cock from her soggy pussy, "and then he raped me," she laughs. My sister rolls her eyes but then immediately refocuses them on limp dick.
"You got it up again already?" Lauren asks me.
"Actually Kylie got it up again, but yeah," I answer.
"Well, aren't you the stud?" she smiles as I devour her perfect breasts with my eyes.
"I'm done," Kylie says, squeezing past me and stepping out of the shower. Lauren hands her a towel without taking her eyes off of me.
"Need a shower, Sis," I offer with a wide smile.
"Seems like I should get in line if I do," she says but her face shows all the signs of taking me up on it.
"Come on," I offer again, "I'll wash your back."
"Hey, that's my line," Kylie jokes just before she exits the bathroom. Lauren is just looking at me, her taut nipples betraying her arousal as she apparently is considering my offer.
"Don't worry, I'm pretty safe for a while," I tell her. "Even studs like me have a recovery time."
Lauren glances into the bedroom and then slips into the shower next to me. "Will you really wash my back?" she asks playfully. Fuck yes!
"And your front if you're nice to me," I respond as I feel a familiar quiver in my cock.
"Wash me," she says just above a whisper, as she closes her eyes. Fuck! I know I've already crossed a line by eating Lauren but the opportunity to run my soapy hands all over her body is sending intense recovery signals to my cock. Maybe it isn't so safe in here after all.
I lather my palms and softly massage her shoulders before running my hands down her arms. Like a blind man learning to 'see with his fingers' I begin exploring my sister's trembling body. Beginning with her torso, my hands study the shape of her sides, how far her pelvic bones protrude and where her ribs begin.
"That tickles," she says squirming as my finger caress her lower ribs. Not to be deterred, I move up to her full breasts, which I briefly inspected yesterday but today I take my time to lift them, caress around the outside curves, and run my fingers down the valley between them.
"Mmmm," Lauren softly moans. "That feels nice."
"They're so beautiful, Sis," I whisper as I draw circles around her areolas and lower my mouth to her nipple.
"This is so wrong," she says as she holds my face tightly against her breast.
"I know," I answer, immediately returning to her extended nipple. I alternate between her breasts, suckling each nipple as my hands explore her back. Running my fingers down her spine, I massage the small of her back and the upper curves of her magnificent ass as I nibble and tease her sensitive nipples.
"God! Brandon!" she sighs, leaning into me while my hands grip her ass cheeks and my teeth pull on her nipple. I stand up and my fully recovered cock is poking her stomach as my fingers trace a path along the crevice between her ass cheeks.
"Why did you have to come home when you did?" she asks as my finger circles her asshole. "Why do you have to recover so fast?" Reaching between us she adjusts my rigid cock so it is trapped between our bodies instead of stabbing her in the stomach.
"Because you really are the sexiest," I answer quietly, my fingers lightly massaging her perineum.
"But it's so wrong, Brandon," she moans while giving no indication that she wants me to stop.
"I know, Sis," I answer because I have nothing else to say. She's right and we both know it. Showering with my sister, exploring her body, sucking her tits and whatever else we might do is totally wrong but it doesn't mean I want to stop. "Do you want me to stop?" I ask just as my finger reaches her pussy lips.
"Huh-uh," she shakes her head no. "I should, but I don't."
"Me either," I answer, slipping the tip of my finger between her slick pussy lips. I have to bend my knees a little to reach her pussy from behind and she grinds her pubic mound against my cock. Our faces are even with each other and when our eyes meet she licks her lips.
I've never kissed my sister like this. We're an affectionate family but it's always just been cheek kisses between us. Expecting a gentle lip kiss, I'm surprised when her tongue slams into my mouth and her lips mash against mine. Squeezing me tightly against her, she explores my mouth and sucks on my tongue, while my finger slips farther into her aroused pussy.
"Mmmpph," she moans into my mouth as I hump my cock against her stomach and finger fuck her from behind. Shit! My sister's prolonged kiss is fucking mind-blowing! Having her tongue in my mouth is more erotic and more intimate than anything we've done. I've sucked her tits, eaten her pussy and lathered soap all over her exquisite body but it's the intimacy of her impassioned kiss that is sending a rush of blood to my engorged cock!
I can tell she feels it too because her pussy is slick with her juices, just begging for my hard cock. I want to fuck her so badly! By the time she breaks the kiss we are both panting like stray dogs left out in the sun.
"I know you want to fuck me, Brandon," she pants. I can only nod as I try to turn her around.
"I'm sorry," she says, shaking her head. "My body's ready," she says. It certainly is! "But I can't quite cross that line yet. You're still my brother," she adds. She's right, and I certainly don't want to do anything we'll both regret. Although, I can't imagine ever regretting anything we would do.
"Sure, Sis," I say, failing to hide my disappointment. "We'll take it slow and if it's meant to happen, it will."
"That doesn't mean I'm going to leave you like this," she says, squeezing my rigid shaft and dropping to her knees. I stop her just as she is about to wrap her lovely lips around my cockhead.
"Wait," say, pulling her to her feet. "You don't have to do that." Who knows why I'm stopping her. I want my sister like I've never wanted any girl before but I'm still her big brother. Who else will protect her from making rash decisions she might regret?
"I want to," she protests, as I wrap my arms around her. "You're in that state because of me, right?" she teases, rubbing her tits against my chest.
"Definitely," I kiss her forehead. "But there are other ways to relieve this without you compromising yourself." She pulls back and looks me in the eye.
"You're going to jack off in the shower?" she laughs, shaking her head at the absurdity of it. "What a fucking clich, Brandon." She starts to kneel again but I stop her. Laughing, it's my turn to shake my head.
"Not with three other willing women in the next room," I answer, cocking my head towards our parents' bedroom. Her face is suddenly red with anger.
"You want to fuck Alex!" she exclaims, pushing herself away from me. "That's what this is about! You're not protecting me! You're afraid if I suck you off you won't get it up for the cute, black chick with the big tits!" That's exactly what it is but that's not what I say.
"I want to fuck you," I whisper in her ear as I pull her back against my hard-on. "But since I'm your brother, and that's a problem..."
"Fine!" She steps out of the shower and grabs a towel. "Fuck whomever you want, Brandon" she says. "It's fine with me!" It clearly isn't but I rinse off and get out of the shower anyway.
"Who's next for Brandon, the stud?" Lauren says as she exits the bathroom. Her three naked friends are lying on the bed looking at each other.
"It's my turn," Alex says, excitedly, "I haven't gotten laid yet."
"Perfect!" Lauren says, turning to leave the bathroom.
"Aren't you going to stay," Alex asks. "You can play with his balls as he fucks me. He liked it when I did that when he was fucking Kristina."
"Maybe someone should spank his ass while he's fucking you, Alex," she seethes. "I bet he'd like that." She turns and heads down the hall to her bedroom.
"Can I do that?" Kylie asks as I enter the bedroom. My cock had deflated some during my argument with Lauren but the site of these three naked beauties has restoration properties like you wouldn't believe.
I'm ready to fuck and Alex is extremely willing. I think subconsciously, or maybe consciously who knows, that if I keep fucking her friends, I'll piss Lauren off enough that she'll never want to have anything to do with me. Or maybe she'll get jealous and change her mind about fucking me. Either way, I'm just sort of rolling with it and naturally my cock doesn't really care either way.
"I don't need any preliminaries, Brandon," Alex says, lying flat on her back and beckoning me to climb on. "I got myself off as you were fucking Kylie in the shower." I glance at Kylie who just shrugs.
"She wanted to know what took so long," Kylie says unapologetically.
Kristina scoots over to give Alex more room to spread her legs. This black beauty, sandwiched between two pale nymphs has my cock aching for release and I push thoughts of my sister out of my brain as I crawl onto the bed.
Her pussy lips are glistening from her recent self-induced orgasm and I stop to sample the sweet nectar before kissing my way up to her large, brown breasts.
"Damn, you taste good," I tell her as I trail kisses up her abdomen.
"Mmmm," Alex sighs. "Just put it in me, Brandon," she pleads.
"I will," I answer as my tongue flicks her thick, black nipple. "Be patient."
"A guy who doesn't just stick it in is rare," Kylie says. "Just enjoy it Alex." I had almost forgotten we had an audience. I glance at the other two girls who are watching intently as I suck on their friend's stiff nipple.
By the time I release her nipple and move my lips to hers, she is moaning with pleasure. "Condom?" I ask Alex, raising my eyebrows questioningly as I break the kiss. She shakes her head.
"You showered and I'm on the pill," she whispers. "Just put it in me." I align my cockhead with her velvety pussy lips and slide forward as I resume our kiss. My cock glides right into her anxious pussy, cocooning me in her warm pulsating tunnel. I stay balls-deep inside her steamy pussy enjoying the sensations as my tongue explores her warm mouth.
Just as I'm about to withdraw and plunge in again, a hand spanks my ass cheek.
"Who's going to spank whom?" Kylie laughs as she slaps my other cheek. The mild pain of the smacks is mixed with a weird erotic pleasure that I've never experienced. My cock lurches forward inside Alex's pussy as the slaps continue.
"What the fuck?" Alex asks as her pussy muscles pulsate around my thick rod.
"You like this, don't you Brandon," Kylie asks, as her slaps send unexpected erotic pulses through my cock and keep me deep inside Alex's fiery pussy.
I don't answer. I don't even know what the answer is. She isn't hitting me hard enough to really hurt but the little big of pain she is causing just enhances the pleasure. Every time I try to pull back she smacks me again and I slam forward.
"Let him pull back a little more," Alex tells Kylie. We're soon engaged in a weird threesome, rhythm of fucking and smacking with my cock about to explode.
"Let me try," Kristina says, getting on her knees next to my ass. Kylie backs off and let's Kristina spank me but her spanks are ill timed and too gentle to create the same pleasure cycle. I just go with it and fuck the hell out of Alex's pussy.
"Oh yeah! That's what I want!" Alex cries as I pound her overheated pussy and Kristina attempts to spank my ass.
"That's enough," Kylie tells Kristina, who leans back on her haunches and watches us fuck. Kylie lightly caresses my warm ass before slipping her hand between my legs and teasing my balls. Fuck! That's it for me.
"Ohhhh! FUUUUUUUCK! DON'T STOP!" Alex screams. "I'M... FUCKING... CUMMING!" she huffs, as her pussy clamps around my cock and I shoot her full of hot cum. Kylie continues to fondle my balls while we jerkily ride out our orgasms.
When I finally collapse on her cushiony tits and we both gasp for breath, Kylie's hand is still caressing my ass and balls. I barely notice Kristina leaving the room.
"You actually did it?" Lauren says, storming into the room ahead of Kristina. "You spanked his ass? I was kidding," she adds.
"I think he liked it," Kylie says.
"Did you like it?" Alex asks. Lauren is now inspecting my ass, running her hand over the warm surface.
"Yeww!" Lauren snaps her hand back. "You're still inside Alex's pussy." I smile as I disengage my spent cock and roll off of her.
"I should get cleaned up," I say, sitting up and scooting off the bed.
"But did you like it," Kristina asks, standing near the foot of the bed.
"I'll let you know when I try to sit down," I answer. "But yeah, it added an erotic element to it that was very different. It took a while to get into a rhythm. Did you notice a difference, Alex?"
"Oh yeah," she smiles. "You were pounding into me harder than I've been pounded. Each time I heard that slap, I knew you were plunging in deep and mashing my clit. I came hard!"
As I squeeze past Kristina, she touches my ass and kisses my cheek. I turn on the shower watch the girls from the bathroom doorway.
"You guys okay, calling it a night?" Lauren asks, "I think we're all about spent."
"I know I'm good," Alex says, swinging her shapely brown legs off the bed."
"Me too," Kylie says, approaching me with a smile. "Thanks, Brandon," she says, kissing me lightly on the lips. "My boyfriend gets nothing until he eats me through an orgasm like that."
"Tell him I'm sorry to have spoiled things for him," I smile.
"Do you mind if I stay a little while?" Kristina asks. "My parents are with yours and my sister won't be home for a couple of hours."
"Sure," Lauren says, "No problem."
I take a quick shower. How many showers is that today? I've lost count. As I'm toweling off, I think about it. I took a shower when I got up, after Kristina, again after Kylie and now again after Alex. Damn! No wonder I'm exhausted.
Lauren and Kristina are lying on the bed. The other girls are already gone.
"Come here," Lauren pats the bed between her and Kristina. "Let me see your ass."
"I thought you'd never ask," I tease as I crawl up between them and lie on my stomach.
"It's not too bad," Lauren says as she leans over and inspects my cheeks. "Want some lotion on it to cool it down?"
"Sure," I answer, wondering about all the attention from my sister.
"I'm sorry I suggested the spanking," she says while squirting lotion onto her palm. That explains it; she's feeling guilty.
"It's not your fault, Sis," I assure her. "I thought you were kidding, too."
"Can I help?" Kristina asks from the other side of me.
"Sure," Lauren says. "You do that cheek." Lauren squirts lotion on Kristina's palm and the two girls gently massage my ass. My cock stiffens against the bed sheet as these two beauties take their time spreading lotion all over my cheeks.
"You know what that's doing to me don't you?" I ask my sister as she squeezes my ass cheek and her hand strays towards my balls.
"I don't know what you mean," she says with mock innocence while she's lightly scraping my nutsack with her fingernails.
"This!" I say, flipping over and displaying my fully erect cock like a flagpole.
"Oooo," Kristina says, leaning up on her knees. "Can I have it?" Without waiting for an answer, she swings her leg over, straddling my hard cock. Gripping it between her fingers, she positions it at the entrance to her recently deflowered pussy and lowers herself down.
Lauren is staring in disbelief as my cock glides easily into her tight, but very lubricated hole.
"You were slick enough for that?" Lauren asks as she sits mesmerized, her face just inches from our coupling.
"I've been wet all afternoon," Kristina says, settling down fully on my cock with her pussy lips mashing my pubic hair. "I've been hoping for a chance to do this again," she smiles. "Without the pain."
Her tight, hot cunt is indeed slick enough for my cock and it conforms snugly to the intruder, sending electrified pulses up and down my throbbing shaft. My hands reflexively go to her elongated nipples as she starts to rock her body up and down. Fuck! This is the tightest fucking pussy I've ever felt. Earlier when I took her virginity, I was too worried about hurting her to fully appreciate the pleasure of it.
I tweak her nipples and stare at the wide-eyed innocence on her face as she starts to ride me. Innocence? What the fuck! I grab her hips and stop her movements.
"Condom!" I say, looking at Lauren.
"I'll get it," she answers, rolling off the bed and running down the hall.
"Thanks," Kristina blushes. "I forgot." I lift her off of my cock as Lauren returns, tearing the package open.
"Not a good thing to forget," I admonish Kristina. She nods sheepishly.
Lauren has the package open and smiles at me as she rolls it down my slick pole. Kristina raises her body up and Lauren aligns my cock with her glistening pussy lips. She continues holding my cock between her thumb and her finger as Kristina slides down the length.
Lauren releases my cock and then looks like she doesn't know whether to stay or leave. I put my right arm around her and pull her against my side.
"Please stay," I whisper, running my hand down her back and gently squeezing her ass cheek. She just nods and lays her head in the crook of my arm. Kristina is picking up the rhythm and I use my left hand to again play with her small breasts. While I'm tweaking her left nipple, Lauren reaches up and does the same to her right one.
"I just don't want you to remove your other hand," she says, referring to the one that is fondling her ass. Fuck! My cock was hard already, cocooned inside Kristina's compact pussy but watching my sister play with her friend's nipple sends renewed blood surges straight to it.
"Ohhh! I knew it would feel good but not this good!" Kristina breathes, getting lost in the pleasure as she bounces on my cock and we tease her long, thick nipples. The whole bed is shaking and I don't know how much longer I'll hold out. I need to speed up her release.
Sliding my hand down from her breast and across her flat stomach, I find her clit with my thumb. Pressing it induces a gasp of pleasure from my wild, young partner.
"OHHHH! GOD!" Kristina huffs as my thumb rubs circles over her sensitive love button. Bucking my hips off the bed, I pound my cock into her and tease her clit while she rides me like a bronco.
"OHHH! YEAH! OHHH! FUCK!" Kristina is ready to burst; I pull my arm from around my sister, grab Kristina's waist with both hands and slam her repeatedly down on my cock.
"OOOOOOOOOOFUUUUUUKKKKK!" Kristina screams, exploding in ecstasy as my cock erupts inside of her. Kristina collapses on my chest, rocking back and forth through the final fulfilling moments of her orgasm and milking the remaining cum from my cock. I put my arm back around my sister and pull her tightly against us while Kristina and I attempt to catch our breath.
"Thank you, Brandon!" Kristina says, kissing me all over my face. "Thank you, thank you, thank you." Her chest is heaving and her pussy is still snugly wrapped around my spent cock as she persists in expressing her gratitude.
"I should be thanking you," I tell her, kissing her on the forehead. "That was incredible!"
"Thank you, Lauren," Kristina whispers. "Thanks for sharing your brother with us."
"He wasn't doing anything anyway," Lauren laughs as she rubs her friends back. My right hand is all over Lauren's back, touching and stroking while I kiss the top of her head. This is as intimate as we've been. It's almost like she participated. She was right there, I was touching her while I was fucking Kristina! Unfuckingbelievable!
"I should probably go," Kristina says, sitting up with a big smile on her face. "My sister will be home soon. I should be there." She lifts herself up and my sheathed cock flops onto my stomach. "I'll get my stuff."
After Kristina leaves the room, Lauren lifts my cock, sloppy with Kristina's juices and removes the condom. "This guy's gotten quite a workout today," she smiles as she wraps the used condom in a tissue. Damn! Could this day get any wilder?
Rolling her body onto mine, Lauren stretches out so her pussy is directly against my spent cock and her breasts are mashed into my chest. Looking into my eyes she says, "You should probably walk Kristina home. It's late and her house will be dark."
"I probably should," I agree, wrapping my arms around my sister and holding her against me. Pressing her lips against mine, she gives me a quick kiss and rolls back off.
"Hurry back," she says, wiping the mixed juices from her abdomen. Who knows what that was all about? No doubt my sister is horny as hell after watching all the fucking this afternoon. Are we about to cross the line? I'm certainly going to hurry back. Fuck!
Kristina only lives a few houses away and it takes us about five minutes to walk there. She unlocks the door and I go in with her until she has the lights on and feels safe.
"Brandon," she says, pulling me against her. "I know what you said about not getting hurt and I'm not expecting anything to change between us..." She kisses me long and hard. "But just so you know, if you just want to get laid you know where to find me."
"I may come looking, Kristina," I answer, honestly. "But you should be looking for guys closer to your own age." I kiss her again like a lover's reluctant goodbye and head home to find out what's going on with my sister.
Lauren is no longer naked, she's slipped on a man's dress shirt, buttoning the bottom two buttons and leaving most of her breasts exposed.
"I cleaned up and put the sheets in the washer," she says as I walk in the door. "How's Kristina?"
"She told me to call her anytime I want to get laid," I answer, smiling.
"Thank you for doing that," Lauren says, stepping close and giving me a hug. "And for everything."
"Yeah, well you owe me," I say with a mock pout. "Pimping me out to all your friends. Making me eat their pussies and fuck them like I'm some kind of sex slave."
"Awww, poor baby," Lauren says, touching my cheek. "How can I ever repay you for such debauchery?" She's standing close, looking into my eyes.
"Is this my shirt?" I ask, grabbing the edges of the material and twisting them outward to expose her breasts.
"I felt weird cleaning the house naked," she shrugs. "Do you mind?"
"Mind?" I say pulling her closer to me. "This is really crossing the line, Lauren!" I tell her with mock anger. "It's one thing for us to be kissing, touching and going down on each other but wearing my clothes, that's just too much!"
"Too much what?" she asks pressing her body against me.
"Too much intimacy!" I answer. "Take it off this instant!"
"If you insist," she says with exaggerated bashfulness. "By the way, that's three things, not one," she says as she unbuttons the bottom two buttons and drops my shirt to the floor.
"What's three things?" I ask, honestly confused.
"Kissing, touching and oral sex," she smiles as she unbuttons my shirt, the one I'm wearing. "That's three things and you said it is one thing." Her hand has slid inside my open shirt and she's gliding her palm over my bare chest.
"Well, just don't cross that line again," I admonish her with dramatic flare. "You're my sister and there are certain lines we just shouldn't cross."
"Like wearing your clothes?" she asks, as she slips my shirt off my shoulders. She's completely naked and I have just my shorts on.
I tentatively put my hands on her bare back and pull her to me. Now that we're alone it feels kind of awkward to be like this with my sister. When her friends were here, we could pretend she was just going along with their antics. Now it's just the two of us.
"Are there any other lines we shouldn't cross?" Lauren asks, like she's reading my mind. She's pressed up against me but unfortunately it seems that four times might be my limit. My cock can barely register any excitement.
"Probably," I answer, lowering my mouth to hers. We kiss more tenderly this time and, if possible, it's even more erotic than when she attacked my mouth earlier. Instead of fighting for space our tongues are entwined in a tantalizingly slow dance. The kiss does nothing to dissuade me from crossing any lines.
"I'm so horny," Lauren says, breaking the kiss and focusing her beautiful eyes on mine. "I watched you fuck my friends all afternoon."
"What went through your mind while you were watching us?" I ask, my mind still reeling from the passion of her kiss.
"I wished it was me," she says, quietly. "Especially when you did Kristina twice,' she smiles. "What were you thinking about while you were fucking them?"
"I was wishing it was you, too," I answer honestly.
"Really?" she asks, surprised. "Even when you were fucking Alex?" she teases.
"Even then," I answer, my hands squeezing her firm ass and pulling her against me.
"Now what?" she asks the million dollar question. Now what, indeed!
"I think we should take your advice from last night and leave this decision for the morning," I say. "And not just because I've already cum four times today," I laugh. Lauren just holds me tighter without saying anything,
"In the morning there will only be two choices," I tell her, breathing in the smell of her hair. "Yes or no. There'll be no room for maybe anymore, Lauren." She nods, knowingly. "Yes or no." I repeat, digging my fingers gently into her ass. My sister remains silent. "It's okay, if it's no." I assure her.
"Feel how wet I am," she whispers, after another moment's hesitation. Taking a tiny step back, she gives me room for one arm to slip between us. I skim my hand through her pubic hair and cup her pussy mound in my palm as she spreads her legs to give me access. My middle finger finds the opening dripping with heat as I trace my fingertip along her distended labia.
"Mmmm," she murmurs as my finger effortlessly slips inside her steamy pussy and I pull my palm tightly against her mound. She emits a low moan and then asks, "Why am I the only one naked?" she asks.
Without waiting for an answer she undoes my shorts and pulls them down along with my underwear, momentarily dislodging my finger from her anxious pussy. Stepping out of my shorts and kicking them aside, I slide two fingers inside of her saturated snatch as she presses her thigh against my limp cock.
I lean my face towards hers and our lips meet with an impatient eagerness as she jams her tongue into my mouth. My fingers explore her velvety softness inside her overheated pussy as I finger fuck my sister.
"Will you sleep with me tonight?" she asks, panting as we break the kiss. "It'll be easier to give you my answer in the morning if we're already together," she smiles. I nod and she leads me by my hand down the hall to her bedroom.
"I'm going to want you to fuck me in the morning," she says, looking totally confident with her big brown eyes focused on mine. I smile broadly as I nod my head, not trusting myself to speak.
"I don't mind if you wake me up early," I say as we crawl under the covers.
"Don't go to sleep just yet, Stud," Lauren says, lying back and spreading her legs invitingly. "Is your tongue still functioning?" she teases.
"You bet!" I answer, crawling up between her legs. Her pussy is soaking wet as I tease her labia and lick around every crevice and fold.
"Oh Brandon!" she moans when I flick my tongue across her clit and slip my finger inside her soggy opening. I eat my sister to a face-drenching orgasm as she screams my name and violently climaxes against my face.
"OH GOD! FUCK! BRANDON! OH, BRANDON!" Her juices gush over my tongue as her body contorts and writhes and her hands smash my face against her splayed-open pussy. She rides out her orgasm as I lap up her steadily flowing juices.
I wipe my face on the sheet and stretch out next to my sister as she catches her breath.
"God, I needed that!" she says, turning towards me and pulling me into a tight embrace. I stop her when she starts moving her lips towards mine.
"I taste like pussy," I warn her.
"At least it's mine," she smiles as she moves closer and slides her tongue into my mouth. We kiss passionately and her hand slides between my legs, gently squeezing my semi-erect cock. "Think five is the magic number?" she asks, breaking the kiss.
"I wish, Sis," I answer honestly. "But I really think we should sleep on it. If we still want to in the morning, it will be better if I'm fully recovered. I don't want to disappoint you our first time."
"I can't imagine you could disappoint me, Brandon," she says, snuggling into my arms. "But you rest and we'll see what the morning brings." I close my eyes but my mind is reeling with everything that's happened, especially sleeping with my sister!"
I awaken once in the middle of the night when Lauren rolls over. Rolling with her, I spoon myself against her lovely ass, my cock nestling comfortably between her warm cheeks. I consider waking her as I loop my arm around her waist and breathe in her scent but instead I just pull her more tightly against me as I drift back to sleep.
In the morning, Lauren is gone and the welcoming smell of frying bacon hangs in the air. I hit the bathroom, brush my teeth and walk into the kitchen without getting dressed.
There is a plate of bacon sitting on the table and my sister is stirring pancake batter with her back to me. She's wearing the sexy purple nightie from Friday night and my cock responds instantly even before I realize she's not wearing the thong or any other panties.
"Hey, sleepyhead," she says as I grab a piece of bacon. "I thought you'd need your strength for what I have planned for you today," she smiles, eyeing my hardening cock.
"What do you have planned, Sis?" I ask as I step up behind her and caress her bare ass cheeks."
"Well, if fed properly, I figure you might be persuaded to show a girl a good time," she laughs, wiggling her ass against my hands.
"The way to a man's heart is through his stomach, huh?" I ask, pulling her against me and nuzzling my cock between her ass cheeks.
"Brandon!" she pushes me away and pours pancake batter onto the griddle. "Eat first, then sex," she admonishes me playfully. "Get the drinks, okay?"
"Aww, you're no fun," I banter back as I open the fridge and pull out the orange juice. "But I do like how you dressed up for breakfast."
"I like how you're dressed... er... not dressed, too," she says.
"What time do you expect mom and dad?" I ask as we sit down to enjoy the pancakes. My cock has stayed perpetually hard while I've watched her move around the kitchen in her skimpy nighty.
"Not until late, around 8 o'clock tonight, I think," she smiles. "Think that gives us enough time?" she asks coyly.
"For what, Sis?" I tease between bites of pancake.
"For whatever you want," she whispers, her voice taking on a seductive tone.
"I want you," I answer honestly, her eyes reflecting the same lustful feelings I'm having.
"What are we waiting for?" she asks, clearing the table and putting the plates in the dishwasher.
As I follow her down the hall to her bedroom, I'm trying to get my mind around the fact that I'm actually going to fuck my sister! My cock has never been so fucking hard!
Lauren slips the nightie off her shoulders as she enters her room and lets it drop to the floor next to her bed. When she turns towards me I sense a hint of nervousness in her smile.
"You sure about this, Lauren?" I ask, stepping close and pulling her into my arms.
"Never been surer," she responds, kissing me lightly on the lips.
"We're really crossing a line," I remind her as I brush her hair from her face.
"Oh," she laughs, "Like showering together and oral sex wasn't?" She has a point. Lauren lies back on her bed, spreading her thighs invitingly and I crawl up between them. Her long pussy lips are already glistening with juice when I lower my face towards them.
"Just fuck me, Brandon," Lauren says, pulling on me by my shoulders. "I don't need any foreplay." I still pause at her perfect breasts to nibble on her nipples before I stretch out over my sister's welcoming body.
"I can't believe we're doing this," I tell her as I lean my body up and align my hard cock with her wide-open pussy. My cock is a steel rod, throbbing with anticipation but I pause long enough to admire my sister's beautiful body. She is a sight to behold; perfection personified. Damn!
My cock literally glides into Lauren's silky smooth pussy. She was right that she didn't need any foreplay. Her slick pussy walls welcome my incestuous intruder with a fiery intensity that heats up my shaft, which I thought was already as hot as a fireplace poker.
"Mmmmm," Lauren moans as my cock fills her snug pussy and I push against her pubic mound.
"You feel so good," I whisper, our eyes locked on each other and neither of us moving as her pussy muscles compress around my cock.
"So do you!" she responds, gripping my face in both of her hands and pulling me down for a kiss. I continue pressing my rigid cock into her as my chest comes to rest against her taut nipples and our mouths find each other. Wrapping her legs around me, she digs her heels into my ass and pushes me farther inside.
Her tongue conveys her urgent passion as she arches her back to open her pussy up even more. We aren't fucking exactly; we're pushing against each other like we could meld into one person. As she arches upward, I press downward like I'm trying to shove my entire body inside of her instead of just my cock. We grind against each other as our tongues fight for space in her mouth.
We're moaning into each other's mouth as our bodies writhe with the overwhelming intensity of our incestuous passion. With her legs around my back, I reach under and grab her ass cheeks as I thrust deeper into her liquefied love canal.
"Fuck me, Brandon," she gasps, breaking the kiss and rocking against my cock. "Fuck me like you own me!" she pleads. I slide my hands up her thighs and grip her behind the knees, pushing her legs up into the air. I withdraw my cock from her wet, velvety hole until just the head lingers between her fiery lips. Then I push her ankles down until she is almost bent in half and slam my cock deep into her overheated pussy. Fuck!
"Oh yeah!" she moans as I pound her pussy, crushing her clit with my pelvic bone on each downward thrust. I keep hammering my sister's pussy with my swollen cock. I can't remember ever being this hard. She keeps moaning and calling my name.
"Oh fuck! Oh Brandon! Oh God!" she screams as I slam my cock home again and again until we've both reached the point of no return.
"Oh God, Sis," I breathe as I release her legs. She plants her feet on the mattress and arches her back as I hammer my cock into her fiery snatch. Pulling me down for another kiss our bodies meld together as she shoves her tongue in my mouth and I pound her pussy into submission.
"Oh fuck! Oh Brandon!" Lauren moans as we lose ourselves in our sexual gyrations. I slip my hands under her back, gripping her shoulders to keep her from hitting the headboard as I pummel her smoldering pussy.
"OHMYGOD!" Lauren cries as her orgasm builds towards its crescendo. She's got her arms around me and her feet planted firmly on her mattress as she thrusts her hips off the bed to meet my jackhammering strokes.
"OH YEAH! OH FUCK! BRANDOOOOOON!" Lauren screams, thrashing her head from side to side and digging her fingers into my back as her orgasm hits her full force. My balls tighten and it takes only a couple more of these forceful strokes for me to join her.
Fuck! My cock lurches inside her scorching pussy as she clamps her muscles tightly around it and puts me over the top. We ride out the pulsating waves of pleasure as I jerkily discharge my heavy load into my sister's sweltering cunt.
Our sweat-soaked bodies move as one, milking every last drop of pleasure from our incestuous union. We gulp big breaths of air before our lips again find each other but there is no lustful urgency in this languorous kiss, just contentment and... love. Yes, I love my sister in a very non-brotherly way.
"I love you, Sis," I tell her as our bodies settle into a comfortable stillness. My spent cock lingering inside of her as my body crushes her into the mattress.
She startles me by pushing me off of her so soon. I was content to just lie here melding into my sister's warm body but she apparently has other ideas. Now that it's done, is she ashamed? Sorry that we went this far? Whatever her reasoning, she has me completely off of her and onto my back beside her.
Before I can ask what's wrong, she's moved between my legs and slurped my limp cock into her mouth, swirling it around with her tongue. Fuck! That feels incredible.
"You recovered pretty fast yesterday," she says, taking a breath from my pussy-soaked cock. "I want you inside me again as quickly as you can," she smiles. "That was sooooo fucking good, Brandon!" She cups my balls as she sucks my cock back into her mouth and her tongue doesn't stop moving until my cock has fully recuperated.
"Aren't you the stud," she smiles as she scoots forward and straddles my legs. Her hand continues to corkscrew up and down my rigid shaft.
"I love you, Sis," I tell her for the second time as she positions her soggy pussy over my cockhead. The mixture of juices inside her cunt eases my entry and she impales herself on my hard cock in one swift motion.
"Of course, you do," she laughs. "Every guy loves the girl he's fucking, at the time he's fucking her. Tell me how you feel in the morning," she adds as she wiggles around to get comfortable.
Leaning forward so her beautiful breasts hang enticingly close to my face, she starts undulating her hips in some kind of a rolling motion on my cock. Fuck! With all her tricks, Kelly never even came close to make me feel like this.
Taking my hands, Lauren places them against her magnificent breasts and I rub my palms in a circular motion around her hard nipples.
"Ooh yeah," she coos. Her hair is matted to her forehead and little droplets of sweat run down between her luscious breasts. She's rolling her hips forward, sliding my cock in and out of her hot, mushy pussy while clenching and unclenching her pussy muscles around me. Fuck!
"You are amazing, Sis," I tell her, pinching her nipples and kneading her breasts. I feel a mixture of our juices running down between my ass cheeks as she continues rolling her hips in a rippling motion over my cock. I pick up on her rhythm and push my cock up deeper into her enflamed pussy, purging the remaining fluids from her cunt. .
When she leans forward again, I grab one of her nipples between my teeth and suck it hard before she pulls back and sits up straight. Giving up on the rolling motion, she starts bouncing no my cock, riding me harder and faster.
I'm thrusting my cock up, bucking wildly under her as she rhythmically jounces around on my extremely rigid pole. Squeezing her succulent breasts, I keep them from slapping against her chest as she rides me into a deeply intense orgasm.
"Oh Brandon! Oh Fuck! Brandon!" she pants, riding out wave after wave of unadulterated pleasure. "I looooove youuuuuu!" she screams, clamping her pussy muscles around my hard cock and triggering my release as she collapses on my chest. I enfold her in my arms and we lay there gasping for breath.
"Of course you do," I tease. "When you're in the throes of an orgasm. We'll see how you feel in the morning." She pounds her fist into my arm as she shoves her tongue deep into my mouth.
With my cock snuggly tucked inside her pulsating pussy and our tongues entwined in our mouths, we bask in the afterglow of our incestuous lovemaking. Neither of us wants to disengage or lose the magic of this moment but Lauren's phone rings incessantly.
"Don't even think about it," I whisper.
"It's Kristina," she says, recognizing the ringtone. "She might need something." When she reaches for her phone on the nightstand my cock slides out of her warm pussy and I moan my disappointment.
"Poor baby," she teases as she taps her phone and says hello. She listens for a minute and then a mischievous grin covers her whole face.
"Kristina wants to know if she can come over," she says to me, covering the phone. The disappointment must be obvious on my face. "Her sister is leaving with friends and she doesn't want to be in the house alone." I shrug. What the fuck! I don't want anyone else here.
"Can you give us about half an hour?" she says, running her finger up and down my slick cock. "I know, right?" she says, as my cock surprisingly starts to respond.
"Kristina!" Lauren yells into the phone. "Yesterday you were a virgin and today you're nothing but a horny little slut!" she laughs. She listens for another minute while massaging my spent cock. "Okay, I'll save some for you," she laughs before clicking off and tossing her phone aside.
"What was that all about?" I ask as she bends her head towards my cock.
"Have I mentioned that Kristina and I share everything?" she asks as she cleans my limp cock with her tongue.
"No, but what did you mean, you'll save some for her," I ask, raising my eyebrows questioningly and wondering if Kristina knows about us.
"I don't mean we just sharing clothes or information," she says, sucking my cockhead into her mouth for emphasis. "I mean we share everything."
"Does that include me?" I ask, pushing my cock deeper into her mouth.
"It could," she teases, licking down the side of my shaft and cleaning my balls with her warm tongue. "I've never done a threesome, and of course, we know Kristina hasn't."
Fuck! The thought of Kristina and Lauren together is almost too much to fathom. I smile at my sister as my cock extends to its full length.
"You seem to like the idea," she says. "Let's take a shower, so we're ready when she gets here.
"I really do love you, Sis," I tell her as we hop off the bed and head for the shower.
"All guys say that when they're anticipating a threesome," she laughs. "We'll see how you feel in the morning."
