Thomas Bryton heard the bell ring sounding the end to yet another boring day at school. He ran as fast as he could to his locker the minute he got out of the classroom and only stopped just long enough to yank the denim back from the metal locker before hurriedly relocking it and once again darting off into the crowd of students at Shorehaven High. Pushing past everybody in his way he raced along the corridor until he bounded through the large double doors and into the freedom of Friday after school.
Tommy, he never much liked being called Thomas, ran down the large stairs outside of the entrance to the old building, ignoring the shouts of his teachers and didn't stop running until he reached the road at the end of the long grass banks in front of the school.
The banks were covered in flowers because of the warm air and sunlight that shone brightly in a cloudless sky, but none of it held his interest at all. All of his attention was on what lay right in front of his eyes.
"Hey Tommy boy." A familiar voice called to him
"Hey Binxy man, you got it!" He said back with a large smile on his face as he took in the tantalising view of the car in front of him, "Nice one man."
Jerry Binx was one of Tommy's friends and he was also on Shorehaven High's football team. Even though Jerry was two years older than Tommy they were both on the team because Tommy was an outstanding athlete, much like his father who was also on the team when he was young.
Tommy wasn't an overly big kid however; he was tall for his age though. He was 18 years old and already he was 6' tall. He had short dark brown hair, cut so the fringe hung just over his eyes, brown eyes and although he wasn't hugely built, he was muscular in a defined and toned way. Everyone said that he was the image of his father, just a smaller version. His father, Carl Bryton, was 6' 3", and with the way Tommy was growing, he would be just as tall when he stopped growing.
"So, you want a lift home or you just gonna stand there staring all day?" Jerry asked with a grin on his face.
Tommy hadn't realised that he had been staring so hard, but a brand new red Porsche just had to be stared at. Jerry's came from a very rich family and although Tommy's family was far from poor, they weren't millionaires like the Binx family.
"You serious? Cool man, can I take it for a spin?" He asked enthusiastically, still not taking his eyes from the car as he walked closer.
"No way Tommy, I've only just got it, I don't want it crashed and smashed up already." Jerry said chidingly
"Ha ha, very funny." Tommy said sarcastically as he walked around to the passenger side and jumped over the car door to sit down.
"Man this is the car of my dreams." He said as he looked at the brand new interior
"You ain't seen nothing yet buddy." Jerry said just before he burned the car out into the road.
Leah Bryton placed the receiver back down onto the handset and smiled broadly to herself. The customer had been tough to win around but her charm never failed, and sure enough she had just earned herself yet another fat amount of extra bonuses because of that deal.
Leaning back in her chair she let herself relax with her hands on folded on her stomach and smiled down at the phone on her desk.
As she smiled triumphantly at the phone she heard a gentle knock on the door.
"Come." She called, and with one final smile of triumph at the phone she looked up and saw Susan, her receptionist, walk in holding a file in her hands.
"This came for you from head office Leah." Susan said with a friendly voice.
Leah liked being informal with her staff, especially when she had become friendly with them over time. She thought that it helped the work environment.
"Ah forget it for now." She said with a smile as she stood up and smoothed her business suit. "It can wait till Monday now, you get off and go home early, it's the weekend, go and enjoy yourself Susan."
Susan smiled back at her and stopped walking towards the table.
"You know you're gonna be caught bunking off one of these days Leah." Susan said with a grin
"Yeah, but hey, what's life if you don't break a rules eh?" She replied with a smile of her own and she walked over to the coat stand to pick up her coat. "And besides, I can get away with anything." And with that she gave her most innocent look and they both burst in to fits of giggling.
"Come on then before we're caught," Susan said as she walked out of the office, "I'll buy you a drink."
"Not today Sue, I've gotta get straight home. Me and Carl are going to his work's Halloween party tonight and I've got a special surprise for him." Leah replied as she closed the door behind her and locked it.
"Ooo, really." Susan said with a knowing smile, "You got that dress then?"
Leah just grinned and began to giggle again and Susan soon joined in.
"So someone will be getting laid tonight then." Susan said after she stopped giggling again
"Well, maybe." She replied, trying hard not to giggle again. They just looked seriously at each other for a moment though and then they both burst out giggling again. She was not usually a giggly girl, but she just felt happy today and wanted to be happy.
"So Leah, are you gonna join me in my office before you go home?" Leah heard the voice and immediately knew it was Dwayne Borhand, another executive she worked with, before she turned around.
"In your dreams Dwayne." She answered back and she rolled her eyes as she looked at Susan and yawned. Susan just smiled back at her.
"You're always in my dreams." He said to her and slapped her hard on the ass.
"Your always in my nightmares Dwayne." She chided back at him and turned away to walk to the elevators, "And besides, you couldn't handle me." She called over her shoulder at him as he stood by Susan watching her ass sway.
"I could give you more than you could dream of baby." He called back at her, and she laughed in response.
Tommy jumped over the door of the Porsche and grabbed his bag after he had landed.
"Whoa, what a hot set of wheels man, you'll have to let me drive it one day." He said to Jerry as he stood there admiring the beautiful machine again.
Jerry laughed before he answered, "One day kid, one day."
Tommy's smile nearly split his face, "Cool!" He exclaimed, "Anyway, I suppose I better go. Catch ya later Binxy."
"Yeah, see ya later Tom." Jerry replied and then burned the car off to speed away down the street.
Tommy turned around holding his bag on his shoulder and slowly walked up the driveway to his house, all the while thinking about Jerry's new car. He couldn't believe how fast the thing was, and how smooth a ride. Smiling to himself, he walked up the twisting driveway feeling the warm, gentle breeze.
As he reached the top he noticed both his mom and dad's cars were in front of the garage. Guess they're both home, he thought.
When he entered the house, he went straight to the kitchen to get himself a drink and sure enough there they were, Carl and Leah Bryton, his mom and dad.
His dad was sitting reading the sports section of the newspaper at the large wooden kitchen table, dressed in his usual shirt, pants and tie, and his mother was leaning against the counter with her arms folded, drinking some orange juice and talking to Tommy's dad.
"Hey mom, hey dad." He said as he threw his bag under the kitchen table and went straight to the fridge.
"Hey Tommy." His mother replied back
"Alright Kid." His dad answered without taking his eyes from the paper. He never did when it was the sports pages; he was completely oblivious to everything when anything to do with sort was in front of his face. Even if someone told him he had won the lottery he wouldn't register it.
"So how did school go today?" His mom asked him
"Yeah it was cool. We won the match again without even having to try really, there's no other school good enough around here to beat us." He answered back to her whilst reaching to bring out some orange juice and pour it into a glass. "We could do with some better competition."
"There is never gonna be any competition for my boy." His dad said, folding the paper down in front of him and reaching for his can of beer. Obviously he had finished the sports section.
Tommy just laughed as he put the carton of orange juice back in to the fridge and gulped the juice down.
"Have you got practice tonight?" His dad asked him, leaning back in the chair.
"Na, it's cancelled tonight. Coach said it's good for us to have fun as well as to train hard." Tommy answered and walked over to the dishwasher to rid himself of the empty glass
"Well, Coach Harlan is the best there is and he knows what he's talking about, so you take his advice Tommy and you'll go far." His dad said enthusiastically
"So what are you up to then tonight?" Tommy's mom asked
He leaned against the counter opposite his mother, "I dunno yet, everybody's going out tonight and they're all busy so I'll probably stay in. What you two up to tonight?"
"We're off to your father's Halloween party tonight." His mom said with a smile for his dad, which didn't last long when his dad spoke again.
"Ah babe, I can't make it tonight, I got a late night meeting tonight with Seers at his house about a new deal." Tommy's dad said, trying not to look at his wife.
Tommy understood why his dad would be wary, his mother had been looking forward to this party for 3 months and now she wouldn't be able to go. He could already see her face turning into a thunderhead and he thought it best if he left the married couple to it.
He turned gently towards the kitchen door and slowly began to move towards it, trying not to catch anyone's attention when all those hopes were dashed by what his father said next.
"Tommy could go with you instead. He isn't doing anything and he was told to go and have fun." His dad said hurriedly
Tommy froze on the spot and turned around to say something to stop him being involved when his mom spoke first, and he knew better than to interrupt a woman who wasn't happy.
"Tommy can go? And drink alcohol? Carl, he's only 18!" She said, her voice dangerously calm. Tommy knew the next step was shouting. He had to run, he thought to himself, but he couldn't move as his dad shot down his mother's points.
"So? I was drinking when I was 18, and so were you Leah. Anyway, one night of being pissed won't hurt the boy. And so what if he's only 18 anyway." Tommy's dad said
"So what? They wouldn't let him in anyway, he's underage Carl!" His mom said still not seeming to be calm. Tommy was however surprised that she hadn't lost her temper yet though.
"They will, just give him my costume and no one will recognize him. They'll probably think it was me." His dad retorted and then visibly relaxed, knowing now that he had beaten down his wife's points. "Now that would be funny, if they thought he was me. They'd all be wondering how I had managed to party as well as make a deal." His father said and chuckled to himself.
Tommy was still standing halfway to the kitchen door, but he watched his mother sigh and take a big swig of her orange juice.
"He wouldn't want to go anyway. He wouldn't want to spend time with his mom at some party for old people." His mother said to his father.
Tommy didn't know what to say. She was right, he didn't want to spend a night drinking with his dad's bosses and workmates, but his mother really wanted to go. Ah, if only he could have gotten away before his dad mentioned him. But what could he do!
"Hey mom, I don't mind going if you still want to go." He said, and when she looked at him doubtfully he said, "Honest! I got nothing better to do anyway."
"Look honey you don't have to ok." His mother said as she turned around and placed the empty glass on the counter behind her
"Honestly mom, I don't mind. Ok?" Tommy said, trying to reassure her as best he could that he really wanted to go.
"Well, only if you're sure Tommy?" She said, half relieved and half disappointed
"I'm sure." He said and a big smile lit up her face and she walked over and gave him a big hug, then she turned to walk out of the kitchen so she could go and get ready. Great, now he was stuck with a night out with his mom. What a great and fun night this was going to be. Things didn't get any better when his dad gave him the costume he would be wearing.
Leah stood admiring herself in the mirror as she finished smoothing her dress over her slim body. She knew she looked hot, that was why she bought the dress in the first place, so that Carl wouldn't be able to resist her and they could have gotten home and had great sex. but now when she got home she would be horny and Carl would be asleep, too tired from his meeting to have sex with her.
She sighed as she looked at herself in the mirror, she was so horny tonight, which is why she had left early, so she and Carl could have sex before going out, only Tommy had come back early, so it was doubly as frustrating now.
"Stop feeling sorry for yourself Leah Bryton" She said to herself in the mirror, and she tried to forget the cravings of her pussy.
Adding some small touches to her make up before taking one last look at herself, she smiled at how hot she looked in the dress. Maybe one conciliation was that Carl would be as sexually frustrated as she would be tonight after seeing her in this.
That thought made her smile deeper and she turned and glided out of the room gracefully.
Tommy stood in the hallway and tried not to look at how stupid he looked in his reflection in the mirror at the bottom of the stairs. He felt like a moron, and worse, he looked like one too.
His dad obviously had the worst taste in costumes that he had ever seen, because his imagination stretched to an amazing length. He had gotten a Batman suit. How imaginative, Tommy thought to himself. But that wasn't the worst of it.
The suit was the old Batman suit, and was made of a grey lycra/spandex pants and shirt, which clung to your body, Tommy could easily make out the big bulge of his cock. He had a ridiculous black cape hanging down his back and an even more stupid small black mask that only covered his eyes and part of his nose. The only good thing to it was it showed his body toning, but he felt like a fool.
He turned his gaze away from the reflection and tried to forget what he was wearing. That didn't take long as soon as he turned to see his mother walking down the stairs.
Leah Bryton, he thought of her like that because he had never seen his mother wear something like what she had on now, slowly cam walking down the stairs wrapped in a black dress that clung to every curve of her body, showing every contour of her perfectly formed body. He had never really noticed her as a woman before, she was just his mother, but this, Tommy wasn't even sure his jaw was not on the floor.
Leah Bryton stood 5'10", but with the black high heels on she stood 6'1" when she finally stood in front of Tommy. The was the skirt of the black dress looked tattered and had rips coming up well past mid thigh level showed Tommy his mothers long creamy legs to perfection, as she wore black fishnet stockings too. Her waist was small and her stomach flat, showing no sign that she had had a baby. It looked like she was wearing a corset but the dress was so tight it would have shown if she was. Her long wavy black hair fell down her back and around her shoulders, framing her beautiful face which looked pale because of the black eyeliner and lipstick she wore, her full lips looked ready to swallow a cock whole, the dress running in cobwebs up her arms to dangle an entire foot over her hands in black material. But Tommy's eyes rested on his mother's huge tits. He knew they were big because they were a 42D, but she always wore jumpers or business suits, but this dress hardly contained the two large globes. The Dress was cut at the front so that the neckline fell and showed almost all of her tits, and not just the tops, but a good side of the globe of flesh too. The dress must have shown half of her big tits, right down to just above where Tommy could see her nipples poking hard against the thin material. The twin globes were pushed together to create a formidable cleavage that would surely pop out if she exhaled to fast and by the tightness of the dress and how much of her tits were showing, it was obvious that she was wearing no bra as well.
She was a knockout. Plain and simple! Tommy's dick had also seen her as it was standing at full attention, rock hard and solid and was obviously plainly visible through the stupid costume he was wearing.
Resting a black fingernail under his chin Tommy's mother raised his head from staring at her deep cleavage. He expected her to yell at him, but instead all she said was,
"So you like what you see? You don't think it's too over the top do you?" She dropped her hand from his chin and began smoothing the front of her dress down from her tits and over her stomach.
"No." He managed with a squeak, then cleared his voice and tried to calm himself down. His hands went to dangle inconspicuously in front of his cock, trying to hide it. "No, you look great." He managed to make his voice sound level this time.
What was he doing! This was his mom he was perving over, but he couldn't help but look at how womanly she was.
She was 34 years old and she looked 25 or 26. She was just stunning.
"Has your father gone then?" She asked him
"Err, yeah, about 10 minutes ago." He answered, trying to keep his eyes on her face.
His mother smiled slightly and said, "Well, maybe we should go as well."
He burst out laughing before he could stop himself, "Yeah." He said sounding like a fool. He could have slapped himself for being so flustered, this was his mom!
As they walked to the car his mom stopped before she opened the door.
"Remember to call me Leah tonight ok? They can't think you're my son." And then she smiled, and if it had been anyone else, he would have said it was a teasing smile. But what she said next made his heart jump almost out of his chest. "Oh and, I think that suit fits you well." And her eyes flickered quickly towards the bulge in his pants, or was that just his imagination? Surely it must have been.
He didn't know what to say thought. Was his mom flirting with him? Or was his teenage hormones making him lose control around a hot woman. He couldn't believe that he actually thought that about his own mother. He tried to push the thought away by telling himself how disgusting it was to think that way about his mom, but she still was a woman, and a hot one. He had to get out of this situation before he slipped up again and stared at her lustfully like he did when he first saw here.
He ducked quickly into the car without so much as a response and his mom laughed lightly as she got into the car with him.
When Tommy and Leah reached the office building of Calpine Sports, where her husband worked, she had to try hard not to smile at Tommy. For the entire journey he had kept his head down or looking through the window so that he wouldn't be looking lustfully at his mother's body.
She felt flattered that she could turn on even her own son, and she knew he was turned on by the size of the bulge showing in those tight pants. She made herself stop thinking about the large bulge in between her son's legs before she drove herself made. She felt a flutter of excitement by teasing him though, she always loved playing, and teasing and flirting she really loved. Even though it was her son she was flirting with, she didn't feel any disgusted feeling at all, because to pull this off tonight she had to make sure that no one suspected anything amiss.
As she got out of the car and walked around to stand in front of Tommy she saw how hard he was concentrating on her face, which made it obvious that he wanted to look down.
"Now just you remember Tommy that you can't call me mom tonight, call me Leah, ok?" She said looking at him in the eyes, he nodded, and Leah couldn't help but smile as she spoke again, "Oh and, we might have to flirt just a little so nobody gets suspicious ok?"
His eyes went as wide as saucers and he said, "But mom, I can't flirt with you, you're...you're my mom!"
"Look, I'm not asking you to do anything major, just something little, like a hug or an arm around my waist, or even a peck on the cheek. Nothing else, you think you can do that? If not then we might as well go home." She said looking at him sternly
"Yeah I can do that." He said sulkily
"What, are you ashamed to have people think you're with me? Am I not hot enough or something?" She asked pretending to be outraged. She already knew the answer to that question by that bulge in his pants.
"No it's not that, it's just weird, that's all." He replied and then lowered his head, although he jerked it back up quick enough when his eyes fell on her cleavage. She smiled again, trying to comfort him but still a little tease came through. She liked turning people on, especially when they were shy about it.
"Look, just pretend for now that I'm not your mother until you get a little more comfortable with everything ok?" She asked still wearing her smile
"Ok" He said after a small sigh
"Relax, and just enjoy yourself. You never know, tonight might turn out to be fun." She reassured him, "And don't call me mom!"
With that, she slipped an arm through his and they began walking towards the entrance. As they walked, she couldn't help but press just a little closer against his arm, gently pressing her tits against him. He fidgeted around and cleared his throat a couple of times as well. Yes he was flustered, and Leah found it very amusing indeed.
When they entered the party, they were shown into one of two main rooms. The room they first walked into was really just a well-lit room, cleared of its desks and there were corridors coming off it leading to offices. There were quite a few people standing here, couples dotted around and odd people walking around on their own, but everyone was dressed up. Elvis', chickens, Simpson's, fairies, all different kinds of costumes. Leah figured that this must be the room where the host greeted everyone, because the sounds of music were coming from the room next door.
Suddenly, a giant kangaroo with an elephant came walking up to Leah and Tommy. Her son went stiff as a post, and Leah hoped no one would notice, especially these two.
"Ah good evening Leah, Carl." The Kangaroo said with the voice of Harold Marsh, Carl's sector manager. "Glad to see you tonight."
"Harold, Lydia, so nice to see you." She replied with a bright smile, noting the older man's eye line straight at her cleavage, "Thank you for the invitation."
"Nonsense, nonsense, Carl here is our best worker, he's always welcome here. He might even become a partner some day." He said without once taking his eyes from her tits.
She felt Tommy tense and turned to smile at him. He was looking daggers at Harold Marsh, tension forgot in his protectiveness of his mother. She stroked his arm reassuringly, and felt him jump slightly. She did hope they hadn't seen that.
Suddenly, Tommy spoke.
"I'm going to get a drink." He said and walked away, leaving Leah the choice to follow or be dragged along.
She smiled at The Marsh's as she walked away on Tommy's arm, but when she was far enough away she whispered angrily, "What was that all about?"
"He was ogling you mom." He answered
"So, every man will probably ogle me in this dress, you have. And don't call me mom!" She said quickly and quietly
"Sorry." Was all he said, but whether for what he did or the fact that he too had ogled her, she didn't know.
They headed into the other room. This also was a room where all the desks had been cleared away, but this room was about ten times as large as the other one, and dark except for the flickering lights of a disco at the far end of the room, opposite the door they had just come in from, and corridors led to offices further in the building from a few directions.
The room was dark despite the lights of the disco, and there were many places against some of the walls where Leah could barely make out anyone was standing there at all until they moved out into the lighter areas.
"I'm gonna go and get a drink." Tommy said when they entered the dark room, "Do you want one mo...Leah?"
She smiled at him lovingly, "Ok, but I don't want you drinking too much, you're driving home."
"Me?" He exclaimed loudly, but not loudly enough to be heard over the music thankfully, "You're gonna let me drive?"
"Well I'm here to have a good time tonight and seeing as you only wasn't to mope about then I don't see why I shouldn't drink." She said with another loving smile, "Now be a good boy and go fetch me a drink baby." And she gave him a little peck on the cheek, to which his eyes went wider than they had downstairs. Leah could've laughed, but instead she walked over to say hello to a few people before Tommy returned.
Tommy left his mother to wander and quickly darted out of the room and into the toilets that he had seen earlier. He looked around to see if anyone else was there, but they were empty.
Quickly he walked over to the sink and turned the cold tape on. Splashing the water on his face, but being careful not to spill any on the costume he soaked his face and then looked into the mirror.
He was so turned on; his dick was ragingly hard, so hard he had even thought about going in to the cubicle and jacking himself off while thinking about his mom.
There was no escaping it now, he had never noticed before but after tonight he would always be aware that his mother was a knockout, real life sex on legs, and he knew that he was hot for her.
He looked long and hard at himself in the mirror and tried to calm himself down.
"She's only pretending." He told his reflection, "She's not really flirting. Just trying to make it all look real."
He told himself over and over again, but he just didn't want to believe it.
"Well, I can handle this, I can do this. Just stay calm and in control and remember the truth and everything will be ok. She's just pretending. This is all pretend." He told himself once again, and continued to tell himself in his mind as he left the toilets and went back to get a drink for his mo...for Leah.
Leah stood talking with a couple that both worked with Carl who she didn't know. They were nice people and the first who she had spoken to that had not only stared at her tits. Why was it the only man who could touch her tits when he wanted to, was the only man not at this party? She tried to tell herself that the aggravated feelings she felt were created by annoyance at Carl, not horniness.
For about the tenth time in fifteen minutes she looked around to see if she could see Tommy anyway. He had been gone a long time. She hoped he hadn't got lost.
Suddenly she felt an arm around her waist pulling her side against someone, and when she turned her head to look it was Tommy.
"Hey honey, where've you been?" She asked sweetly, but with questioning eyes.
"Oh I just went to powder my nose hot stuff." Her son answered back
Leah stared at him for a moment and was tempted to take the mask off to see if this really was her husband. Tommy had never spoken to her like that, and he didn't seem to be frightened of flirting with her anymore. He even sounded the same in the loud music.
He smiled at her as he handed her her drink.
"Thought you might want this seeing as I'm driving." He said with a smile and then turned that smile on them, "Hey, how you doing?" He asked as if he actually knew who they were.
Leah took a gulp of wine or whatever it was in the glass and studied her son as she did. He still had hi arm around her as if this was all natural and normal, he even squeezed her side once or twice as he spoke, each time he turned to smile lovingly at her.
So he was not flustered anymore was he? She thought to herself, we'll see about that.
She moved closer to him and pressed her large tits tightly against his arm so that his muscular arm tried to bury itself between her large, firm mounds. And she ran a hand across his lips and rested her hand on his chest. She had never noticed how solid he was before. Smiling adoringly up at him she spoke teasingly.
"Hey sugar, I'm just going to get me another drink. I won't be long." She said and gently kissed him on the cheek.
To her surprise, Tommy didn't move at all, or flinch or seem flustered in any way at all. He just simply turned to her and smiled, and she felt his big hand fall down onto her ass and squeeze hard. She looked at him thinking perhaps her eyes were like teacups now.
"Tell ya what sexy, I'll go n' get ya another." He said and with another smile he slapped her hard on her ass before walking off towards the drinks table.
What had gotten in to him to make him no longer afraid to flirt with his mother? She should have been shocked and disgusted by his actions, but she wasn't going to be out done now. She was going to make him flustered, she knew she could. So instead of being worried about how events had turned, Leah Bryton smiled as her son walked off to get her another drink.
When Tommy found Leah again she was sitting down at a table on her own. The table was round with a white tablecloth drooping almost to the floor. She smiled up at her son as he came to sit down beside her on a chair with it's back against the wall. The place was one of those darker spots, which didn't actually seem much darker to Leah when she was in it, but no one would be able to make much out beyond that two people were sitting there. No way she would be disturbed.
As Tommy sat down, Leah leaned forward a little and smiled at her son, and ran her fingernails of her left hand up and down his thigh under the table. That made him flinch, but he regained his self-possession quickly.
She leaned closer until their faces were inches apart. She could feel his warm breath and feel his body warmth. She could feel lust gently flowing through her veins; although she was unaware it was really there.
"Thank you baby." She said teasingly and leant in to gently brush his lips with hers.
Slowly she moved back slightly to look at him. Her heart was beating faster, and knew that his must be too, but he didn't show one slight fluster in him at all. She almost growled at herself in frustration, but instead she just smiled and then moved forward to press her lips against his this time, not hard, but a lot this was a proper peck on the lips, only neither one of them moved back.
Electricity began to course through Leah's body, only slightly, and a kiss she was sure lasted only a few seconds seem to last forever.
Slowly, she moved her face farther from his and looked into his eyes this time. Her heart was pounding faster, but no thought came to her that this was wrong; after all she hadn't kissed him properly, just longer than was proper for a mother to kiss her son.
Still Tommy barely looked shaken or flustered at all; he appeared as if this was all normal and ordinary. This time Leah did growl.
"What's wrong?" Her son asked looking concerned
"What made you so bold and unconcerned about flirting with me all of a sudden?" She asked sounding irritated
"I'm trying for you, believe me that was hard after that kiss." He said and took a quick gulp of his beer.
So, she was getting to him. Well, she definitely wasn't prepared to go any further, but she had an idea to make him squirm, it would work on any man.
With a smile, she said to him teasingly, "This chair isn't very comfortable, I think I need to sit somewhere more designed for my body." And with those words she stood up and plunked herself down straight onto her sons lap.
His eyes shot open and she grinned at him. Now he was flustered. She put her arm around his neck and tried shuffling around so that her tits were right under his face and he had no way of avoiding looking at her cleavage. Suddenly she realised what the hard lump underneath her that was making her feel so uncomfortable. Her eyes shot open then and she tried to stand up but his arm held tightly around her waist pulled her roughly back down. She was about to demand why, when she noticed two guys sit down opposite them and smile at Tommy. Leah tried to sit very still and look like she was comfortable, but her son's hard dick was pressed hard against her pussy, and she was still horny from earlier.
"Hey Carl, is this the lovely Leah we've heard you talk about so much?" One of the guys said
"She's even hotter than you said man." The other one added
"Well you know me, I only go for the hottest women and there ain't no one hotter than my Leah." He smiled at her and bounced her on his knee a couple of times, bouncing her pussy against his still hardening cock. She tried to keep a straight face.
"Nice outfit Leah." The first one spoke
"Yeah." The other one added again
To her surprise, Tommy spoke again.
"Yeah, she looks so sexy I can't wait to get her home and fuck her hard." He said, and if that didn't surprise Leah enough, her sweet 18-year-old boy, reached his hand from her waist, upwards and cupped her right tit and squeezed it several times hard.
Leah thought she had squeaked but she tried hard not to show anything on her face, she just let her son grope her tits until he finally let go and spoke to the pair again.
"I don't want to be rude guys but me and my girl here just want to have a bit of privacy for a while." He said, replacing his hand back on her waist and once again bouncing her slightly on his knees. Her pussy pulsed and yearned for release of the tension within.
The two guys smiled and nodded then said goodbye to Leah and walked away. As soon as the two were out of eye shot Leah stood up and rounded on Tommy.
"What in the fuck do you think you're doing?" She demanded, "You can't touch me like that, I'm your mo....."
He gently laid a finger on her lips and said, "I had to, I saw those guys earlier and they were always trying it on with the women. I had to let them know that you're taken."
"You didn't have to...." She began but again he silenced her with that finger on her black lipstick covered lips
"I had to. We're pretending you're my wife not anything else." He said looking at her flatly, "Remember? I've seen dad behave like that with you so I knew they'd buy it."
There wasn't much she could say, she knew he was right, but he was her son. How could he be so calm about touching his own mother like that? He seemed to have been enjoying it!
"I think we should calm down, before anything gets out of hand." She said as she looked at him
"Ok, we'll just flirt lightly and no one will know." He reassured her this time. But she had enjoyed it, enjoyed the feel of a hard cock against her needing pussy, missed it now it wasn't there. She had to calm down. "Come on lets get another drink."
"You've read my mind." She said trying to smile. She had to calm down, she couldn't let lust take over her, he was her son!
For the next few hours' things between Leah and Tommy began to change. At first they were still awkward around each other. Mother not knowing what to do in case she gave the wrong signals to her son, and son not knowing just how far or little to give to help convince other people they were married.
But as the drinks began to flow and Leah began to drink a little more, she began to relax more and once again they began to lightly flirt with each other, trying to convince other people of course. Neither of them was enjoying it. Of course.
So little hugs and arms around each other became a little more frequent as the party went on. Then light pecks on the cheeks as earlier events began to seem less shocking and disgusting to Leah. Then they held hands as they walked around talking to various people, Leah's fingernails running up and down Tommy's legs even near his crotch, Tommy's hand rubbing and squeezing Leah's ass as they stood, and even as time began to continue and Leah drank more, the pecks on the lips began to reappear, and the lips of mother and son stayed pressed together harder and for longer each time.
Leah was beginning to feel quite tipsy when one of her favourite songs came on the disco.
"Oh baby come on, we've got to dance to this, come on honey you haven't danced with me all night." Leah pleaded to Tommy
It was getting easier now to call her Leah after so long of pretending they were married. It had only been a matter of hours, but the flirting had gotten stronger with each passing minute. Although Tommy still knew that this was all pretending and his mother being tipsy.
He looked up at her bending over to pull him up by the hands and saw straight at her twin globes. Her cleavage was amazing. He couldn't resist her, she was just too hot.
"Ok, ok come on then sexy." He said. Calling her by more and more intimate names had also come easier now; he barely had to think anymore. It was like this hot woman really wasn't his mother at all. But still, some part of both of them must still remember the reality, because if she had been anyone else, he would have taken his shot and knew that he would have gotten it.
They walked up into the middle of the dance floor, which was quite crowded by other couples dancing away, and most of them not caring that their moves were far more than just suggestive.
And the dance began, a slow moving song this was, but as the beat went on it would be livelier until it made you dance until you dropped. He knew this song well.
So gently Tommy placed his arms around his mother's waist and held her tightly against him. As he had had only two drinks that night, he was completely sober; his mother on the other hand, was just a little tipsy.
She rested her head against his chest as they slowly swayed to the music. Her big 42D tits pressed against his hard chest, her arms lightly resting around his neck, and his hands slowly moving down to cup her tight ass.
As his hands reached down and squeezed Leah's ass, he pulled her tightly against himself, feeling his hard cock pressing against her stomach. He couldn't help it, with such a hot woman so close his natural instinct was to fuck her, and it felt good having her pressed tightly against him.
Slowly, she lifted her head up to look into his eyes, their faces only inches apart again. A look of love, the love only a parent and child can share, passed between them as they looked at each other, their faces moving closer together until his lips met her black lipstick covered lips. They were so soft; he couldn't believe how soft they were. Harder they pressed their heads together closer, until Tommy could take it no more and he was about to open his mouth when the music suddenly went loud and Leah pushed away from his so quickly he thought that he had done something wrong, but she had a big grin on her face, and she wouldn't be smiling like that if he had pissed her off.
She began to move her hips sensuously to the beat and rhythm of the music, shaking her ass and running her hands over her tits, even squeezing them together as a look of pure lust came into her eyes.
He danced around with her, moving to match her, pulling her close to him by her waist, they both grinded their pelvises into each other as if trying to fuck each other with their clothes on.
Her fingernails yanking at his hair and running down his chest stopping just short of his bulging dick as she danced backwards running her hands over her body. He had never seen her dance like this. Then again, he was no virgin, and he had never seen anyone move so sexually as his mother was right then.
Running her finger into her mouth she stared intently at him as she sucked seductively on her finger and then let it run down in between her heaving breasts and down her stomach. His dick was harder than ever now, and needing some attention. There was no thought that this was his mother at all in Tommy's mind now. They continued dancing.
Leah danced closer towards Tommy, then back again, until Tommy couldn't take anymore and when she turned her back on him again, he reached out and pulled her hard against him. Her ass rammed hard against his solid hard on, her pussy protected from penetration only by the clothes they wore as he held her tightly against himself and Leah ground her ass hard against his raging cock.
Tommy's hands held onto his mother's flat stomach as she ground her ass against his dick. Her arms flowed up and backwards, to snake around his neck and pull his face down to meet hers. Their lips met instantly and their lips parted seconds later. His tongue darted straight into her mouth and was met by her tongue probing hard and fast against him. They kissed passionately mouths never leaving for air. Leah's hands remained locked around her son's neck, pulling him down to kiss her, her back arched so she could kiss him and her ass pushed hard against his dick which was almost ripping the suit open.
Tommy's hands slowly moved up from his mother's stomach as their tongues danced with each other, and their bodies writhed in lust, and soon his hands slid up and over Leah's huge mounds of tit flesh.
With all abandon now gone, Tommy now mauled at his mother's tits, squeezing them hard and roughly, and pushing them together. He squeezed and pinched roughly at her dress-covered material, all the while passionately kissing his mother.
He was becoming desperate now to fuck this beautiful woman, and his hands began to pull at the top of her dress, trying to yank the front of her dress down to free Leah's massive 42D tits.
Sensing his lust, Leah twisted around in his grip and locked her arms around his neck, pulling herself deeper into his mouth, and squashing her heaving mounds hard against her son's chest. Tommy's hands roughly squeezed and groped at his mothers fine tight ass, rough pulling her against him, wanting desperately to fuck her senseless.
However just as he was about to push his hands underneath one of the slashes in his mother's dress to pull her panties down, the song ended and Leah slowed her kissing down until she broke the kiss. Staring up at him with her big hazel eyes, and her arms now lightly resting around his neck, she smiled up at him and then everything seemed to dawn on her at once, and her eyes widened and her beautiful mouth fell open.
"What the fuck have I done?" She gasped as she stared at him as if she had never seen him before. She was most definitely not tipsy anymore.
"Nothing, WE just did what WE wanted." He said, trying to reassure her as best he could.
His beautiful mother just stared at him, her mouth working but no sound coming out at all. Suddenly she said, "I....I.....I'll..be right back!" and she ran off out towards the female toilets.
Tommy stood there for twenty minutes waiting for his mom to come back, thinking. What had just happened? All he knew was that he had wanted her so much that he would have fucked her right on the dance floor. He had never wanted anything so much.
He stood there contemplating everything over in his mind, replaying everything, remembering the feel of her hot body pressed against him, the feel of her big firm tits finally in his hands, her mouth passionately fixed to his as their tongues danced enthusiastically. She had wanted him as much as he wanted her, and every thought led to the same conclusion. He wanted to fuck Leah; he wanted to fuck his own mother.
Leah ran into the bathroom and quickly turned on the cold-water tape and washed at her face hurriedly. Even if she had cared about her make up at that moment, it was the type that never smudged and only came off for a special remover. Not that she cared right then.
As she lifted her head up to look into the mirror she stared at herself. Water ran down her beautiful young face and down between her large breasts. She knew she was amazingly gorgeous, but how could her son think that? How could she think the same about him? How could she have done what she had done with him?
She tried as hard as she could to push the thoughts of the dance away, but it was no use. Her body was saying the opposite to her mind, it was crying out to be used like her son had just done. Not the usual sex that Carl gave her, but to be really fucked, and fucked hard. She wanted it and she needed it and the thought that it was her son who wanted to give it to her only turned her on beyond reason.
She tried hard to stop the incestuous thoughts, to thinking of something else. She tried to convince herself that she was going to go out there and tell Tommy that they would forget everything and just go home and pretend like nothing ever happened.
But the truth still came to her, she knew he wanted to fuck her, but the truth she tried so hard to avoid, was that she knew that he was going to fuck her, and she was going to love every minute of it, even though she tried to deny it to herself.
She knew what was going to happen, as she straightened her hair and her dress in the mirror. She Leah Bryton was going to not only let her son fuck her when she walked out of those toilets, not only did she want him to deep down, she knew that she was going to fuck him back, and love all of it!
She stood looking at herself and readjusting her hair and dress to straighten herself up, knowing deep down that she wasn't going to be wearing that dress long.
As she took a deep breath, which almost pushed her large tits out of the top and middle of the dress, Leah walked out of the toilets to find her son. She had made a decision and she wouldn't back up on it. She wouldn't. As she continued to walk to find him, she continued to try and convince herself.
Leah walked through the room of people, which seemed a lot bigger now, with butterflies the size of houses fluttering in her belly. How had this all started? When did things go wrong?
Suddenly, she saw Tommy ahead of her, staring at her. She could see the worry in his eyes, and the love for her, but most of all, she could see his lust for her, almost overpowering everything else.
She slowly glided towards him, her arms folded around herself, holding onto herself. She didn't need protection from him, she knew that. If she said no, she knew he wouldn't do anything, but the problem was, she knew that she wouldn't say no.
She stopped in front of him and stared into his eyes, not saying a word. She didn't feel worried, a little nervous, horny like hell, but confused was the main problem. She wanted him so badly, yet she knew it was wrong. She was confused.
They stared at one another without saying a word for what seemed like an eternity, until finally she thought perhaps she had been wrong; perhaps nothing was going to happen. The strange thing was, she couldn't decide whether she was happy or sad about it.
Suddenly Tommy grinned, and then without any warning he reached around her waist and pulled her to him, his lips touching hers and their mouths separating and tongues dancing, softly this time. Lightly she laid her hand on his chest as they kissed. He was so good at kissing her.
Just as quick he broke the kiss and smiled at her once again, this time, it was a cocky smile.
"You know don't you?" He said smugly, "You know I'm going to fuck you tonight?"
She just looked at him and nodded. Trying to hide the thrill of hot lust and electricity that shot through her when he said that. She wanted him now. She needed him now. But it was so wrong. If only it was right. She yearned to be able to convince herself it was right. But she knew she didn't care if it was or not, she was still going to do it.
"And you're ok with that mom?" He asked, deliberately calling her mom
Once again she fought that hot lust and electric coursing through her, and once again she nodded. She wished it was reluctantly, but she thought she looked more and more enthusiastic, she certainly was feeling that way.
Tommy's smile deepened and his eyes freely wondered over her body, taking in every part of her. She wanted him to look.
He looked back at her eyes again and smiled once again, before he took her hand and began to lead her towards the exit.
She stopped after a few paces and he looked at her questioningly.
"Come with me." She said, her smile slowly becoming teasing
Her 18-year-old son looked at her questioningly but he followed her, led by her hand, and no doubt the promise of her body. She smiled now, her smile deepening and the feeling of how wrong this was dwindled. It didn't matter anymore, she knew what she wanted and she knew what she was going to do. She walked down one of the hallways towards the offices, and she grew less and less reluctant the further they went. Passing by some of the offices Leah could make out vague moans or groans from inside, obviously other people had had the same idea as she had. She began to speed up, her body yearning for the action she knew she was about to get. Begging for it, but still, there was a little voice within her crying out that this was wrong, that she should and could stop this all now, it tried to convince her that she was only taking her son down there to try and talk him out of it, but deep inside she knew what really was going to happen, that she didn't really want to talk Tommy out of it. Whatever happened tomorrow was not happening now, and right now she stopped in front of an office that she recognized. Turning to take both of Tommy's hands in hers she walked backwards into the office, biting her lower lip, knowing her eyes were glazing with lust. And then door closed, this was it, she was going to fuck, with her son.
As she entered the office Leah turned so that she could push the door closed while Tommy looked around the room. The butterflies in her stomach made her almost shake with anticipation. Any thought that this was wrong was now completely gone, swallowed up in her lust and the need of her pussy to be fucked.
She didn't bother turning on the light as she turned around and leaned back against the painted wooden door, because the lights from the streetlights and city outside gave a dark light to the room. It was still dark but she could easily make out her son and even the colours he was wearing.
Tommy was looking around the room, which wasn't small, but neither was it huge. At the opposite end to the door, a large desk with a big black leather chair sat, a sofa was off to the left of the desk and was also black leather, and filing cabinets were on the opposite side. In the corners nearest the door two tall plants stood, and the room was finished off with two smaller chairs situated in front of the big desk. The desk itself was covered with the usual office things, like a lamp, computer, sharpener, photo frame, etc, but was not cluttered, and the room was spotlessly clean, even the pictures of various sports hanging in various places on the walls shone in the low light.
Slowly, as his eyes finished taking in the sight of the room, Tommy turned around to face her, and her stomach fluttered harder. This was it.
"Is anyone gonna catch us here?" He asked, calmly yet a touch anxious.
Leah smiled teasingly at her son, "Nope. Everyone's busy partying or...having fun elsewhere. They won't come here."
"Why, where are we?" He asked as he once again looked around
Her smile deepened and she bit her lip lightly, she always did that when she was extremely horny and teasing.
"Your father's office." She said and Tommy turned to face her quickly, a smile showing on his face.
He then took time to stare at her body and she let him get a very generous view. With her hands behind her back and leaning against the door, her big tits were pushed out closer to him and were stretching the thin material of her dress, and the rips on her dress were showing almost all of her thigh as she planted one heeled foot against the door.
Her eyes on the other hand trailed down from his gorgeous face, down his hard, muscular chest and straight to his large bulge, which was hardly contained by the skin-tight pants he wore. She could feel her mouth watering and her pussy begging for that cock right now.
She slowly tore her eyes away from the large bulge and looked with her lust-glazed eyes at her son's lust-filled face.
"Well, I don't think we came here to talk so lets get started." Tommy said looking at her hungrily. Leah smiled deeper and her stomach went into chaos. "My dick needs action and it wants to be in you."
He made a move towards her but Leah raised a hand to his chest before he could move.
"I think we should get warmed up first." She said, still smiling as she moved closer to him. Her stomach fluttered insanely and almost froze when she spoke her next words, "You do want a blowjob right?"
There was no need really for the question, but every minute that was passing Leah felt hornier and hornier. She thought that if she didn't get fucked soon she was going to explode from her horniness.
Tommy gulped and visibly shook with lust and anticipation.
"Yes." He managed to stammer out.
Leah smiled at her son and ran the hand she had used to stop him down his chest to cup the large bulge in his pants; her hand couldn't hold it all. Electricity instantly shot through every part of her body instantly and this time she shook as she gave the solid bulge a squeeze.
"Mmmm, it feels big." She said seductively, and leant forward to lightly kiss Tommy's lips, as she leant back she squeezed again. "Enjoy the view." She said and she smiled deeper.
With her eyes locked on his, Leah slowly sank down onto her knees before Tommy. She knew he could had a perfect view straight down her dress, but she had only partly meant that view when she said it, she had mainly meant the view of her, his mother, sucking on his dick.
The thought of what she was about to do made her shake with lust and anticipation.
She lowered her eyes as Tommy looked down on her, shifting his lustful, wanton gaze back and forth between her tits and face, and stared hungrily at the large bulge inches from her face. As she raised both of her hands to the waistline of her son's pants, Leah wet her lips, and thought to herself that he couldn't be wearing any boxers underneath or the lines would've shown. The knowledge that she was about to see her son's naked cock in front of her, then suck it, then let him bury it her pussy, made her stomach rage in butterflies. And then she pulled down the skin-tight pants.
Immediately Tommy's hard cock sprang happily from the confinement of those skintight pants, as Leah pulled them all the way down to his ankles, and hit her in the face. Leaning back a little from her son's hard member she finally got a good look at what had been making that bulge and she gasped loudly.
"Fuck me!" She said amazed, "It's huge!"
Tommy smiled down at his mother's head although with her eyes completely fixed on the big rod in front of her eyes, she never noticed.
She reached up to wrap her left hand around the thick shaft and a small light caught her wedding and engagement ring on her third finger, but she didn't notice. Her fingers barely met as they wrapped around it's thickness. She would have felt the electricity of wrapping her fingers around her son's cock if she hadn't been so awe-struck by its size, she felt like she was in a daze. As her right hand rose to meet her left Tommy spoke.
"Bigger than Dad's?" He asked confidently
All Leah could do was nod, as her tea saucer size eyes and full concentration was on her hand-wrapped son's dick in front of her face. As she stared at it's length with both of her hands around it and still a lot of his cock uncovered, she looked up at Tommy.
"How big is it?" She asked, still seemingly in a daze as she looked back at the wondrous pole
"Almost 11 inches." He said smugly as he stared down at her large amount of cleavage.
"11 inches!" She whispered adoringly.
She slowly began to move her hands back and forth along the whole length of Tommy's dick, gently squeezing as she moved her hands. Her son began to softly moan but Leah didn't hear any of it as her hands slowly moved up and down. 11 inches! She thought to herself. She had never seen a dick that big in her life. Carl certainly wasn't that big, he wasn't small but not that big, and she had thought he was huge. Her hands moved a little faster but her concentration wasn't there and she didn't hear her son's breathing get heavier. She had slept with three people before meeting and marrying Carl and never once dreamed of cheating on him, but none had been bigger than her husband. Tommy was huge, and he was only 18!
Suddenly Tommy's words brought her out of her daze and she looked up at her son.
"That's it mom, jack my dick off." He said as he stared towards the door with his eyes shut.
Leah hadn't realised that she had even begun moving her hands, let alone pumping them furiously. His dick was solid, and from the look of him, he was more than enjoying this.
"You want mommy to suck your baby?" She asked still jacking her hands fast and hard. And this time she did feel the bolt of lightning surge through her.
For answer, all Tommy could do was nod vigorously, but he was now looking down at her face.
Leah smiled teasingly up at him as she moved her face closer to his hard dick. She slowed her hands down and kept her lust-filled eyes on his as she opened her mouth and lowered her head onto her son's dick.
Tommy had a great view, straight down his mother's dress, her cleavage straining the black fabric that was containing them, and looking so unbelievably luscious that he wanted to just rip her clothes off right then and suck on them. He still couldn't believe that this was all really happening, it was like a dream. It would have been like a fantasy come true, only, he had never fantasised about his mother this way until he saw her in that dress tonight.
His attention was all on his Leah's big tits as they jumped and bounced within that dress as her hands furiously pumped up and down his rock hard dick. He couldn't believe she was actually doing it, it felt so good; the woman really knew how to give a handjob, and he knew that if she carried on he was going to cum soon.
Abruptly all thoughts of his mothers tits left his mind, as one moment she looked up at him with a teasing smile, and the next she opened her mouth and sank down on his dick.
Bolts of electricity shot through his body and his knees felt weak. He thought that he might cum right now just by looking at his beautiful mothers face sliding down his big dick, her eyes and attention now all on the piece of meat that was filling her mouth.
Tommy couldn't believe it and he let out a loud groan as his dick reached her throat and she slowly began sliding her lips back up the length of his dick. She had only taken half of his dick in her mouth, but that was more than what usual girls could do to him.
As her mouth slid softly to the head of his cock Leah made a popping sound as she pulled her mouth off and smiled up at him teasingly.
"You like that baby?" She asked teasingly
"Oh yeah" Was all he could manage to groan out.
"Want me to carry on?" She said as she gently moved her hands up and down his thick shaft.
"Uh-huh." He groaned. With her kneeling in front of him, playing with his dick, he couldn't make words form in his mouth he was too horny.
She smiled at him again and leaned forward slightly to flick her tongue over the head of his cock. Her eyes stayed locked to his as she gently ran her tongue over and around the head and then slowly licked all the way down the underside of his cock, kissed each of his cum-filled balls, ran her tongue all the way back up his cock, and once again swallowed his cock into her warm, wet mouth.
"Oh fuck!" He groaned as Leah gently sucked on his dick and ran her tongue over it in slashes as she began descending down its length again.
His mother seemed to be smiling as he moaned and was gently squeezing his dick with her hands as her face lowered further down, her eyes never leaving his, even when he closed them from pleasure. Her mouth was stretched wide because of the thickness of his meat but still she looked insanely beautiful, with her long black hair spilling in those waves of hers, her big eyes surrounded by that black eye liner and that pitch black lipstick contrasting against her pale face and his dick as she slid her mouth slowly up and down his spear.
As she continued to move her mouth up and down, his mother began to become more comfortable with the amount of dick in her mouth and she began to bob her head up and down a little faster and more smoothly. Her eyes left his and she turned all of her attention to his dick. Releasing her left hand, she reached up and pressed it flat against his chest while pumping faster with her right. Tommy smiled down at his mother as he saw her wedding ring glint in the light and watched another inch slip further into her mouth and he felt her throat.
Faster and faster she jacked at his dick as her head bobbed up and down his shaft with increasing fervour.
"Mmmmmmmph!" She moaned as the shaft glided back and forth between her black lips and her tongue slashed back and forth across the rock solid meat.
Tommy groaned as Leah continued to suck harder and harder, ramming her face back and forth on his dick. He loved the sight of his hard cock sliding between his mother's hot lips, into her warm, wet mouth. Her big tits jiggled more furiously now within that tight black dress and Tommy was mesmerised.
Another inch slipped into Leah's mouth and Tommy felt his cock pushing into his mother's throat. He couldn't believe it, no one had ever taken this much of his dick, but here was his own mother, down on her knees in his dads office, sucking over seven inches of his dick down into her tight throat. Tommy couldn't help but grown even louder now.
"Oh fuck mom, yeah!" He groaned loudly, and Leah moaned loudly around his dick and her sucking became even more intense.
Faster and faster, harder and harder, Leah sucked at his dick, and more and more she pushed her mouth forward trying to take even more of his dick deep into her throat. Tommy's eyes grew wider and wider as inch after inch slid back and forth into his mother's hot mouth. First 7 inches, then 8, and then she had 9 inches of Tommy's hard cock meat ramming down her throat and he thought that this must be it, but her eyes never left his hard dick and she was slamming her face back and forth hard and fast still, and if this would have been anything other than a blowjob, Tommy would have said that his mother had a look of determination on her face, determination to take all of his dick in her mouth. Tommy knew what his mothers motto was, 'If you're going to do something, then do it to the best of your ability. Push yourself to your limit and then push yourself beyond them.' And that was how she had become so successful at her job, and she was obviously using her own advice now.
"Fuck mom, suck my dick baby." He groaned through clenched teeth. This was better than anything he had ever had before. "Suck it Leah, suck my cock!"
"Mmmmmmmmmmph" Leah groaned loudly and rolled her eyes around, she was really loving this.
Leah's head slammed back and forth repeatedly, her black hair spilling down between her luscious tits, her eyes focused on the massive rod in her mouth, and her wedding ring pressed against Tommy's chest, Tommy stood looking down admiringly and lustfully as her head bobbed back and forth, this was his hot mom, and this was really happening. He thought he might cum soon.
Suddenly Leah moved her other hand off Tommy's cock and grabbed hold of his hip instead, her left hand moving to the other hip, and then just as abruptly ran her mouth all the way up his cock, and to Tommy's surprise, she pulled her mouth off and looked up at him, her eyes completely filled with lust.
"Have you ever had a blowjob like this before?" She asked and returned her mouth to only suck on the head of his dick, still looking up at him lustfully.
"Never." He growled down at her, why had she stopped now?
Once again Leah pulled her mouth from his dick.
"Has any girl ever taken all your big cock in her mouth?" She said and replaced her hot mouth over his dick, sliding her face down a few inches, then pulling back up, before only returning to suck those few inches again.
She was teasing him! And she knew that he was close to cumming! He needed to cum! She pulled her mouth off his dick again and looked up at him, her face calm and waiting for his answer.
"No, they haven't!" He growled again at her, "Now suck my dick Leah, I need to cum!"
She smiled at him then, more teasingly than he had ever seen her smile before, and this time she kept her eyes locked on his as she took his thick dick back into her mouth, only she didn't move at first, just held his dick a couple of inches in her mouth and slashed her tongue across the head. Then, with her eyes still on his, she slammed her face forward and took his entire length into her hot, wet mouth and tight throat. She took all 10  inches! Tommy almost came right then.
Leah paused with her lips right at the base of his cock, still looking up at him lustfully, and then her grip tightened on his hips and she began to slowly move her head back up his shaft.
Tommy couldn't believe it. Leah's tits and hair began to bounce more furiously as she once again began picking up the pace of her sucking and licking. It wasn't long until she was slamming her face up and down Tommy's entire length, his dick roughly forcing its way into her throat, and gliding back out again. His breathing grew heavier and he knew he couldn't take much more. The lewd noises of the incestual blowjob filled his dads office as Tommy groaned loudly through clenched teeth, Leah moaned loudly around his cock in her mouth and the lewd slurping and sucking of Leah's mouth and tongue echoed increasingly louder.
Her tits shook violently, her hair flew back and forth as Leah continued to suck Tommy's dick for all she was worth. Her lips, tightly locked around the thick meaty shaft of her son's dick, guided him deeper into her mouth and throat. Her hands, held him by the hips, steadying the large pole for her to suck on, and her eyes never left his once.
"Oh yeah mom suck my dick!" He groaned loudly, "Suck it baby!"
Leah answered once again with a loud moan and rolling her eyes. Her sucking intensified until Tommy thought that she meant to suck every bit of him through his dick.
"Yeah, I love watching your mouth suck my cock!" He growled down at the beautiful woman on her knees before him, "I love watching it slide between your lips! Oh yeah! Fuck! I love watching your fucking big tits bounce!"
With each word Leah groaned and moaned around his cock in her mouth, her head bobbing so fast and hard that she had had to lower her eyes to look at his dick before she stabbed herself on it.
"Oh fuck, your mouth is so hot!" He groaned as her tongue slashed around the head. "You're so fucking good at this mom!"
Once again came Leah's lustful moan. She had been sucking his dick now for what seemed an eternity, and he was surprised that he had managed to last this long, but as he looked down, and saw the image of his beautiful mother on her knees, sucking his large cock deep into her mouth, in that clinging black gothic dress, he felt his balls beginning to tighten.
"Oh fuck!" He grunted out and reached down to grab two handfuls of his mother's beautiful black hair and began to thrust his hips forward and fuck her face as hard and fast as he could. He was about to cum after the best blowjob ever, but better than that, he was about to cum in his hot mother's mouth.
Leah felt the thick cock head stretch her tight throat as she slammed her mouth all the way back down Tommy's ragingly hard, and very big, dick. She sucked hard as she continuously bobbed her head up and down the long shaft, taking all of it into her mouth and then sliding back up its length until only the tip of the head stayed in her mouth, only to slam hard back down again. She loved how hot this was, the feel of her sons dick in her mouth was driving her over the edge with horniness. With how she felt, she would've agreed to anything he asked right then, and she knew that once this thing was buried deep inside her she would do anything for him.
As Leah continued to suck on Tommy's dick she still couldn't believe that all of this was actually happening, that right then she was down on her knees, giving her own son a blowjob. That thought caused her to moan again around the hard gag in her mouth and speed up her movements.
Suddenly she heard Tommy groan and then felt him grab hold of her hair roughly, and oh did it feel good. It felt even better as suddenly he began thrusting his hips back and forth, literally fucking her face harshly. His dick rammed back and forth, in and out of her mouth as his hands held her head still. She couldn't have got away if she had wanted to, but this turned her on even more. She had never been taken roughly like this before and she couldn't help but groan at how good it felt. Her own son was fucking her mouth and she loved it. Her lips gripped tightly around his pistoning shaft and her tongue quickly darted around the invading member as he repeatedly slammed his manhood into her mouth and down her throat.
Leah shifted her eyes so she could look at Tommy's face. He was staring down at her, his face contorted with lust as his big dick rammed in and out of her mouth. Her eyes teased and lusted for him and she sucked as hard as she could. She had never taken a cock so big in her mouth ever and she was amazed that she had been able to shove all of his 10  inches down her throat, but she had been determined to take all of him in her mouth when she saw how big he was; she always got what she wanted.
Suddenly Tommy grunted and Leah felt the head of his cock grow bigger and knew that he was about to cum, and he roughly pulled her face towards him, impaling her mouth down to the hilt of his cock and burying himself down her throat quickly, her eyes immediately went to his dick shoved deep in her mouth. Then Tommy snarled wordlessly and she felt his big dick explode deep within her throat and she tried to swallow his cum quickly but still she gagged and some of his hot, sticky cum dribbled out of her mouth.
Once his cock began dumping its load into her mouth however, Tommy let one hand drop and then stopped pulling her to him with the other and immediately Leah pulled back so that the spasming head of her son's big dick pulled out of her throat and into her mouth. Cum continued to shoot out of his cock and began to fill her mouth quickly and she swallowed it down her throat and into her belly just as quickly but still more came in what seemed to be an endless stream of cum.
Leah continued swallowing her son's magnificent cum while she knelt in front of him with his dick in her mouth and wore her black gothic dress. She sucked on his dick, trying to pull all of the cum out of him and finally, after minutes of his cum shooting into her mouth, coating her tongue as it swirled it around and swallowing it all, the fountain began to slow. She raised her left hand deliberately so she could see her wedding ring as she pumped her son's cock with her fist forcing the last drops of his cum from his balls. He mustn't have cum in months to have that much cum in him, she thought to herself.
Finally, Tommy's dick stopped erupting and the cum stopped. Leah swallowed the last of the cum in her mouth and began to run her tongue around the head and shaft of Tommy's dick, cleaning the rest of his cum off him, and then she looked up into his now open eyes and slid his dick from her mouth.
"That was fucking amazing!" Tommy exclaimed as she stayed kneeling in front of him, her hand gently squeezing his now softening dick.
"I would never have guessed." She said teasingly as she looked up at him with her big eyes
"Sorry." He said, "You didn't mind..."
"What, you cumming in my mouth?" She interrupted with a teasing smile, "After I've sucked your dick, how could I not expect you to? Actually, I couldn't decide whether you'd want to rather cum in my mouth or all over me. And when was the last time you came, I must have swallowed two or three pints of your cum!" Saying that made that electricity shoot through her again. She really had given her son a blowjob and swallowed all his cum, how hot was that!
"This morning." He said smiling proudly down at her as she continued massaging his limp cock, which was still over 6 inches long and pretty thick.
Leah couldn't help looking surprised. He had cum so much in her mouth and he had already cum that morning? He must be a cum-machine.
"I've never cum that much in my life, nowhere near." He said breathlessly, she still stroked his dick, "It was because it was you, tonight, that dress, everything."
She smiled up at him, "You think I'm hot then Tommy?" She asked teasingly
"Fuck! Yeah!" He said loudly, "Everyone thinks you're hot! I have to keep telling the guys at school to shut up 'cause they keep saying how hot you are, how big your tits are, how long your legs are, how much they'd love to bang you and stuff. They all wanna fuck you."
Her smile deepened and Leah reluctantly let Tommy's cock out of her hand and smoothly got to her feet.
"They do, do they?" She said as she stood up in front of Tommy and smoothed her dress over her firm body. "Well, you're the only one that'll get to fuck me."
And with her teasing smile, she leaned forward and gently kissed Tommy on the lips.
"But I think you need to wake up first." She said as she moved back and leaned against the office door.
"So, do you want to fuck me right here against the door?" She asked, her voice and face equally teasing and lusty and her arms rose above her head to grasp hold of the doorframe above.
Before Tommy could answer however, she pushed herself away from the door and walked closer to him, once again grasping his limp cock as he stood still in the pants around his ankles. She squeezed hard as she spoke.
"Or maybe right here on the floor?" This time her voice was more aggressive and she yanked at his dick as she stared lustfully into his eyes.
He moved forward as if to grab her but she let go of his twitching cock and moved away from him too quickly and walked farther into the room.
She smiled to herself as she walked towards the big chair behind her husband's desk.
"You know Tommy, I've never cheated on your father," She said without looking back at him, "But I suppose if I am going to fuck another guy behind his back who better than our own son?"
She reached the chair as she finished speaking and slowly sat down on the leather. It creaked as she sat down, but she made sure she bent a little lower than needed, so that Tommy could get another view of her amazing tits.
She smiled as she looked at him as his dick was beginning to harden. She knew this would drive any man wild, but her son, it drove him crazy.
She raised her finger to her lips as she spoke again.
"Maybe you could make me cum on his chair?" She asked innocently and smiled when his cock twitched and hardened more.
Standing up, she quickly bent over the desk, giving him an unobstructed view down the top of her dress.
Resting on her elbows with her palms flat on the tabletop she spoke in a deep husky tone.
"Or maybe you want to fuck me over your father's desk." She said and groaned loudly, "Ohhhh, yeah! You'd like that? To fuck me hard from behind, while my big tits mash hard into your fathers desk?"
She smiled deeper again as his dick continued to grow. She knew she was a good flirt, and that he soon he would be rock hard and ready to take her. His eyes almost shone with lust, and he visibly held himself back, knowing she would move away from him until she wanted him.
This time, Leah straightened slowly, gently moaning as she pushed her large tits farther forward, and then she slowly walked round to the side of the desk and turned to lean back on it with her hands resting on the edge. She looked straight at the leather sofa in front of her, then turned her head to look at her son.
"Or do you want to fuck me on the soft leather sofa baby?" She asked lovingly
Tommy just stood there, his dick rigidly hard again. He was shaking from the visible effort of wanting to come to her.
Leah smiled as she stood there looking at him and his very big dick. How had she gotten all of that thing in her mouth? She let him wait a little longer, making him boil with anticipation.
"Maybe I should take this dress off." She said as she stood straight up and stretched her arms high over her head, "Unless you want to fuck me in it?"
That was the final straw as far as Tommy was concerned. Leah smiled as her 18-year-old boy hurriedly walked straight towards her and grabbed her. Their lips mashed against each other and their tongues probed deep in each other's mouths roughly.
Tommy's hand reached up and roughly grabbed one of her tits and began squeezing harshly as he continued kissing her. She moaned loudly into his mouth and her own hands grasped his head, pulling him closer and deeper into her mouth.
Suddenly Leah pushed him away from her mouth, still only inches from his face, they both breathed hard. His hand squeezed her breast once more then lowered to her waist as they stared lustfully into each other's eyes.
Leah lustfully stared at her son; both of them standing still, all the teasing had gone out of her now and all she wanted was to fuck. Lust had them both, so she told him.
"Fuck me." She said while looking in her son's eyes
Tommy wasted no time now. His mouth darted back onto hers, their tongues once again probing each other's mouths. His arms wrapped tightly around her and as if she was a feather he lifted her from the floor. Immediately Leah's legs wrapped around his waist, his hard cock pressing against her thong covered pussy, but instead of moving to the sofa like Leah thought he would, Tommy moved forward and planted her down quickly on her back on the desk.
Leah moaned into her son's mouth as he reached up and once again began mauling her tits. His body pressed her hard against the big tabletop, big enough for them to lie on with space around, and she felt his dick pressing hard against her pussy.
They continued kissing and he continued to grope at her dress-covered tits, and then he broke the kiss and began to quickly kiss all over Leah's cleavage. Leah moaned softly and unlocked her legs from around his waist as he reached down and under her dress to take hold of the band of her thong.
He roughly pulled Leah's underwear down and stopped kissing her tits to look deep into her eyes. Her hair was splayed out across the tabletop, her chest was heaving as her breath quickened and she was shivering with unbound lust. He smiled down at her as he continued to pull her thong down until he couldn't reach any farther. He made a move as if to get up to completely remove the thong, but Leah pulled him back and just wriggled her legs until the underwear hung on her high-heeled foot, and then she kicked them off. Neither of them paid any attention to where they went. This was it; they were really going to fuck.
As Leah looked lustfully into Tommy's eyes, she smiled lustfully and stroked his cheek with her left hand, then took hold of his muscular arms with both hands.
"You know, I love seeing that wedding ring dad gave you when I'm just about to fuck you." He said smugly and moved his hips so that his hard cock was lined up perfectly with her pussy, the front of her dress pushed up around her flat stomach.
"Well I'm going to love being pinned to his desk by my son's big dick." She said as teasingly as she could, "Now be a good boy Tommy and fuck me!"
No more encouragement was needed Tommy smiled as he thrust forward as hard as he could and slammed his entire length of 10  inches deep into Leah's ready and wanton pussy, stretching and filling her completely.
Leah screamed at the top of her lungs because of the pain of being speared by such a big cock. She had never had any dick anywhere near this big in her before and it stretched her instantly.
Slowly, as Leah's head and back were arched from the pain of the initial penetration, the pain subsided and she began to feel her son's dick inside her, then pleasure began to far out weigh the pain, and very quickly.
Very quickly, waves of passion and pleasure shot through her body and she felt an orgasm wash over her. Her muscles clenched and her body shook and she groaned loudly.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Leah groaned, still with her head back and her back arched.
Her toes curled up and she gripped Tommy's arms tightly as she came hard.
"I take it you like having my big dick buried deep in you mom?" Tommy asked smugly as she came down slowly from her orgasm.
It was then that she noticed that he wasn't fucking her, he was just holding his dick inside her and to the hilt it seemed, letting her feel his long hardness before he began, making sure she felt every inch of him and every scrap of pleasure.
And feel every inch of Tommy and the pleasure she did. The feeling was amazing; she had never felt anything like it in her life. She was absolutely stuffed full of cock! Her pussy stretched tightly around the thick invading meat and squeezed it tightly. She felt like this monster was actually in her womb and she felt so amazingly good. She felt like she was in heaven. She felt on fire. This was her son's dick buried to the hilt within her pussy, the very son she had given birth to 18 years ago, and now he was about to fuck her on his fathers work desk. Leah moaned again as she lay flat on the tabletop and opened eyes she never realised she had closed. The knowledge that the cock inside her, filling her completely, making her feel sooooo good, was her son's only made the feeling better.
Lust burned deep within her now, her pussy raged even more now to be fucked and she wanted satisfying. And now!
"You feel good baby!" Leah said very breathlessly, and lifting her legs to wrap them once again around Tommy's waist. He was actually inside her!
He smiled smugly
"You know what's odd," He said whilst still smiling smugly down at her, his hands at either side of her head with her hands gripping his muscular arms. "18 years ago I came out of your pussy and now all these years later, I'm back in there again."
Leah smiled back up at him teasingly.
"Only this time you're bigger!" She said and he returned her smile with his own smug one, and then he slowly pulled his dick out of her tight pussy to the tip of the head, and once again slammed hard back into her.
Leah screamed at first, from a little pain, but soon her pussy became accustomed to the size of Tommy's big dick repeatedly slamming hard in and out of her, and that's when she started moaning grunting and groaning louder and louder, and soon the lewd noises coming from her mouth turned to screams of lust and incredible feelings of pleasure. Her lustful screams and moans continued never stopping as her son pounded her hard and fast with his dick. The incestual fuck had begun and Leah was in heaven.
Tommy continued to piston his ragingly hard dick in and out of his mother's very welcoming pussy with strokes so hard that the strong wooden desk creaked loudly. He couldn't believe he was actually fucking his own hot mother! This was amazing. Her pussy gripped tightly to every inch of his thick manhood as it continued to plow relentlessly into her, her arms were now wrapped around his neck, her nails digging painfully into his flesh as her face was contorted in absolute pleasure. Even with her eyes squeezed tightly shut and her mouth continuously moaning and groaning in between her screams of ecstasy she looked stunning. Her long wavy black hair still fanned out across the tabletop, her big, heavy tits shook violently from each of his ruthless thrusts into her body and her legs were locked tightly around him, trying to pull him even deeper into her.
"OHH FUCK! OHHHHH FUCK! FUCK ME BABY! FUCK MY PUSSY GOOD! OHHHHHHH!" Leah screamed as his dick continued its assault
"Oh mom, fuck!" Was all he could manage to grunt out as all of his concentration was on fucking her as best as he could, after all he didn't know if he would ever get her again and he wanted to make the most of it.
"Come on baby, fuck me, come on, fuck me hard! OH I LOVE YOUR DICK! FUCK I FEEL SO FUCKING GOOD! SOOO FUCKING FULL!" His mother exclaimed loudly as she continued thrusting her hips upwards to meet his thrusts.
She met each of his thrusts just as roughly as he gave them to her. She thrust her pussy up as he slammed hard back into her, driving her hard against the desk top with a loud crack and the shifting and creaking of the desk itself. Tommy thought the thing might fall apart with how hard they were fucking each other; there was definitely no love in this sex, just pure animal fucking.
"Your pussy's so fucking tight, fuck!" He grunted between sharp breaths. Even though his dick slammed in and out of her smoothly, he just couldn't believe how tight she was, how her pussy gripped his dick like a vice, trying to milk his dick for more cum.
"OH FUCK BABY, YEAH! NAIL ME TO THE FUCKING DESK BABY! FUCK ME!! UHHHHHHHHHHHH! OHHHH!" Leah screamed as she continued to scratch at his neck.
Their pace hadn't slowed for a second and they had been fucking harder and faster each minute for what seemed like forever, but must only have been 20 minutes or so. Tommy knew that he shouldn't need to cum for ages yet because of the amazing blowjob Leah had given him earlier, but this was too fucking hot and he knew he wouldn't last long.
Leah suddenly opened her eyes to stare lustfully into his and then she took her arms from around his neck and raised them above her head to grip onto the edge of the desk tightly.
"Come on baby, fuck me! Fuck your hot mom for all she's worth! Oh, make me fucking cum all over your big, hard dick!" She growled at him, still looking deep into her eyes with her own lust-filled eyes.
Tommy tried to smile as he sweated with the effort of how hard he was driving his dick into his mother, but as she continued to growl at him, he drew more and more turned on, and spurred on by her dirty talk, he slammed even harder into her. The more she spoke, the harder he rammed his cock into her, and the harder he fucked her, the more she growled at him.
"OHHHHH YEAH! Oh, yeah Tommy baby, my baby boy, fuck mommy good! OHHhhhhhUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" She groaned as his 10  inches slammed home again. "Come on baby, we shouldn't be fucking doing this so you better make it worth it! Ohhhh I'm soo baad letting my own son fuck me, and on your father's desk too! Ummmmmm yeah! OH! Oh! Yeah!"
Tommy tried as hard as he could to fuck her faster as Leah continued to talk dirty to him, but he was already fucking her as hard as he could, his and her breathing came in short, heavy pants, his because of the effort of continuous fucking and hers because each time he slammed his dick back into her, he drove all of the air out of her lungs in a sharp grunt.
His dick continued to mercilessly fuck her as she continued growling up at him. Her tits shook violently against their material prison, mesmerising to Tommy's eyes.
"Oh baby you know this is soo wrong, I think you should..." She began, smiling teasingly up at him, and stopped as his dick continued pounding her hard. "Maybe you should....OHHH.....Maybe.....OH FUCK.....baby....you should...Oh you should keep fucking me! OH! UMMMMMM YEAH! YEEEAAHH! OHHHHH!"
Tommy managed to grin down at his mothers flushed face as her eyes squeezed shut again and her grip tightened on the edge of the desk. The desk itself was creaking loudly now; its loud complaints marking their lewd fuck session but drowned out under Tommy's moans and groans of pleasure, and Leah's screams of ecstasy.
All of a sudden Tommy heard a noise at the other end of the room, a sound of the door opening. Leah obviously heard it too, but when he was about to stop she grabbed him hard by the face and growled at him.
"Don't you dare fucking stop!" She growled aggressively and by the look in her eyes he knew she meant it, so he continued to pound her hard as the door opened and someone poked their head around the door.
"Oh! Sorry, I thought this one might be empty!" The voice said
"OHHHH FUCK! SO FUCKING BIG! SO FUCKING HOT! SOOOO FUCKING GOOD! OHH FUCK ME BABY FUCK MEEEE!!" Leah screamed, obviously turned on by someone watching them fucking but not knowing they were mother and son. Tommy felt that same surge of lust fill him and renew his strength, so he began pounding Leah harder against the desktop.
"Sorry to disturb you!" The voice said after a short while and then Tommy heard the door close again.
Obviously it had been a guy who had opened it and stood watching Leah get fucked, admiring her dress covered heaving body being fucked so ruthlessly. Tommy would've done the same thing.
Tommy looked down at his mother; her hips were thrusting up at him faster than before. She was more turned on than ever and she was losing all control of herself as her second orgasm was obviously approaching, and it was obviously going to be huge.
She flung her head from side to side and tightly shut her eyes. Her arms now flailed about, looking for anything to grab a hold of and Tommy noticed her hit the lamp and knock it over, and as she continued to flail around, her orgasm approaching rapidly, her hand hit the photo frame, that Tommy had noticed held a picture of him and his mother and father, and it flew from the desk to land on the floor.
As his dick pistoned rapidly in and out of her, Leah suddenly reached round to grasp her hands tightly onto his back, her fingernails digging deep into his back through the material and her felt her pussy tighten so hard he thought it would crush his dick, but he continued his assault anyway, intensifying her orgasm as it shot through her body.
""OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKKK!!" Leah's scream began and then finished in a wordless scream of absolute pleasure, which Tommy had no doubt could be heard all the way back to the party room.
His dick never slowed as Leah convulsed harshly underneath him, impaled lewdly on his dick. Her body shook so much that several times she lifted from the desktop only to hit her head hard as she came back down again, but she didn't seem to even feel it in that torrent of ecstasy. Her legs pulled him towards her, trying to force his dick all the way in to her as he struggled to continue his pounding and her nails dug as hard as they could into his back, bringing a shout of pain from Tommy, as her long black fingernails ripped through the skin tight lycra and his skin, causing bleeding scratches across his back. Then Leah's back arched half a foot off the table and her head shot back with her eyes wide open.
"UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" She groaned between her tightly clenched teeth.
Tommy continued to fuck her as hard as he could with her legs gripping him tightly to her, and very slowly Leah seemed to come back down to earth again. Her back lowered to the desk top, her legs loosened around his back, her nails stopped digging into his skin, and her head came forward to look at him. Her face was a mask of complete satisfaction and lust. She had had the orgasm she wanted, but she was far from finished.
Leah gently purred at her son as he continued to piston his dick in and out of her very satisfied pussy. He was moving slower than before, obviously weary from how much effort he had put in bringing her to orgasm, but he still continued to push and pull in and out of her.
She couldn't believe how good she felt right at that moment, how intense her orgasm had been, she had never cum that hard in her life, and to do so because of her sons dick made it all the more better a feeling.
Although she had cum hard and was now feeling like jelly she smiled at Tommy as he continued to push his dick back into her. Her own lust was beginning to grow again as feeling slowly began to return to her body. She could feel every inch of him stretching her inside; reaching places she never knew existed, fucking her so completely, so thoroughly that she never wanted him to stop. She still couldn't believe that she had taken all of his dick inside of her, she had felt almost torn in two from it's size when he had roughly entered her, but now, she wanted nothing more than for him to fuck her to another earth-shattering orgasm.
"Oh! Ummmm!" She moaned softly as the immense feeling of her orgasm subsided and she began to feel Tommy's dick sliding back and forth into her very welcoming pussy. Strength returned to her slowly. "That was amazing." She said still in a state of wonder.
Tommy smiled down at her as he continued to feed his cock into her pussy, but he was beginning to tire and slow down.
"I'm glad you like it." He managed to stammer out, his breathing becoming more laboured and his arms shaking a little in an effort to hold him up.
Her strength began to seep back into her body a little more now, but Leah still felt like Jelly.
"You're tired baby, maybe you should stop for a while." She said as she smiled teasingly up at him, she knew exactly what he would say.
"I'm not finished fucking you yet." He said with a strained voice. "I'm gonna carry on."
"I never said that we were going to stop having sex." Leah said and her smile deepened as he looked up at her confused. "I said you should stop, not me."
He stared at her for a moment not understanding what she was saying. She almost laughed at his innocence. He was so dirty and good at so many things, but he was still 18.
Trying not to laugh, she explained what she meant.
"Let me explain." She said teasingly, "You're tired and I'm not, and we both want to carry on fucking, so, I am going to ride your dick until we both cum."
She felt a flutter in her stomach, and it wasn't Tommy's dick, when she realised that she had actually told her son that he could cum inside her. He wasn't even wearing a condom! The illicit thought turned her on even more and she pushed herself up on her hands,
Tommy still lay on top of her with his dick now buried deep within her but not moving.
"Well, are you going to help me or are we just going to stop?" Leah asked her son a little impatiently
Too tired to note much, Tommy reached around her waist and pulled himself back so that he could stand up, with her legs wrapped around him and his dick still completely imbedded in her pussy. There was no way she was going to let that wonderful thing out of her. But as Tommy stood up straight with Leah in his arms, his legs buckled suddenly and the pair of them fell backwards quickly. With thud they both landed sitting on the leather sofa at the side of the desk, Tommy sitting on the sofa and Leah straddling his long dick, which had slammed hard into her as she landed impaled on his lap, and she thought that it was going to come right out her mouth with the force it drove upwards in to her. The force caused Leah to grunt and then moan lightly, and when they both had gotten accustomed to what had happened she looked down at Tommy's face.
He was staring up at her in wonder and she smiled lustfully back down at him, her legs to either side of his, his hands on her thighs, his dick deep in her pussy and her hands resting on his shoulders.
"Well, I hadn't planned on having sex here, but it's as good a place as any." She said to him, "And besides, I don't think your father's desk could've taken anymore of that harsh fucking you were giving me."
He grinned up at her smugly and smug he should be with a knockout like her on his dick, and his own mother to boot.
"So, are you gonna bounce on my dick then you naughty girl?" He asked as his hands began gently rubbing her thighs.
Leah shivered once again with the knowledge that she was impaled on her son's dick. And she slowly began to move her hips back and forth, sliding his hard length back and forth into her pussy gently.
"Ummmmm yeah!" She moaned lightly as she felt that hard shaft fill her again and again. She just loved how it stretched her inside.
"Yeah, that's it mom, ride my dick like a slut." Tommy growled at her as he stared lustfully at her body.
His lustful gaze turned her on ever more, and just as she was going to really start to fuck him, a thought came to her and she stopped moving her hips.
"What are you doing?" Tommy asked her curiously.
"Well, I was thinking that seeing as your big dick is already buried deep in my pussy and that you like looking at my tits, that you might want to have me fuck you without this dress on?"
The instant twitching of life of Tommy's dick inside her was enough to tell her the answer before he said anything, and so, Leah reached back and slowly slid the small zip down her back and then reach around to take a hold of the dress that had been pushed up around her waist to allow Tommy to fuck her.
"Ummm, I'm going to be bouncing on my sons dick naked, riding him hard until he cums inside me." Leah said as teasingly as she could, "Maybe I should just leave it on."
"No, no, please." Tommy said urgently and Leah smiled.
As Leah Bryton smiled down at her son, impaled hard on his 10  inch cock, she pulled the tight black gothic dress up over her head quickly, and began thrusting her hips back and forth, fucking herself on his thick dick before the dress had gotten to her tits. As the black material cleared her beautiful face and long black wavy hair, she threw it away from her, careless of where it landed, smiled at her son's reaction and rode him as hard as she could. She planned on fucking him and herself, to the best orgasm they had ever had. So she rode him as hard and as fast as she could.
Half an hour later Tommy still gaped at his mother's hot body as she bounced rapidly up and down on his hard monster cock. She had grown more and more intense in fucking herself on Tommy's dick each time she rammed herself hard back down its long length. Tommy could feel her long smooth legs pressed against his bare thighs as she straddled him, her pussy still clamped tightly around his cock as she fucked herself silly on his dick and her left hand roughly playing with her clit causing her to fuck herself wilder as she was pleased by both his dick and her hands, her face contorted once again in ecstasy Leah either threw her head back as she groaned and moaned lewdly or screaming her lust-filled obscenities as she wildly shook her head from side to side.
The sight of Leah riding harder and harder, faster and faster with every thrust of her hips made Tommy want to cum, and cum hard but his attention was still in the same place it had been for the last 30 minutes, on his mother's big tits.
Leah's tits were amazing, the were huge and firm and they had not even a slight hint of sag to them at all as they bounced wildly up and down on her chest in unison with her up and downward thrusts as she continuously impaled herself on his dick. The sight was amazing and Tommy could feel his balls brewing up another large load of cum to dump inside her.
"OH YES! YES! OHHHHH BABY!" Leah's screams dropped into a loud purr as she looked down at Tommy, her left hand working furiously on her clit as she slid quickly up and down his hard cockmeat. "I love your dick baby, it feels so fucking good!"
Tommy smiled smugly at his mother, her eyes shining with lust and her body making damn sure she was satisfied.
"Fuck mom I love your fucking body!" He exclaimed lifting his eyes from her body to her face long enough to see her smile teasingly as she groaned again, her fingers working harder as her hips made quick, small circling motions. "Your tits are fucking amazing! I've never seen such big, firm jugs before!" And not for the first time, he reached up to cup her tits.
As his fingers sank deep into her large, firm tits, Leah groaned again and, her body and fingers speeding up as he began to roughly squeeze and play with them. They felt so good in his hands as her chest rose sharply with each thrust back and forth on his cock and her breathing heaved.
They were the picture of lust, fucking wildly on the leather sofa in Carl Bryton's office. Leah riding hard and fast, her son's hands groping roughly at her tits, naked, she slammed herself repeatedly on his glorious pole and screamed in ecstasy.
"Ummmm" She moaned, once again looking locking her eyes on his, and once again she purred at him, "I love the way you fill me, I can't believe we're doing this, we're actually fucking baby! Ummmmmmm, ohhhhhhh!" She finished groaning as her head fell back again, her long black hair reaching down to his knees behind her.
Tommy's hands continued their assault on Leah's tits and she continued to bounce up and down rapidly now. Faster and faster she began to move, slamming harder and harder down on to him.
Suddenly she moved her hand from her clit and leaned forward her tits mashing hard against the palms of Tommy's hands as all of her wait was pushed onto them. Her hands grabbed tightly onto the back of the black leather sofa and used it for support to allow herself to fuck his dick harder. She was desperately fucking herself to another orgasm, and with the feel of her tight, hot hole, Tommy knew that he too would cum soon.
"Uhhhhhhhh, Come on baby, fuck mommy, fuck your big dick in my pussy hard!" She growled aggressively at him, her face inches from his. "Fuck I need this so badly!"
Tommy couldn't even form any words, his heart was leaping from his chest because he still couldn't believe that he was actually fucking his gorgeous mom, but more than that, how good she was! Being a big sports star in his school, he had had a good few women since turning 18, most of them older, and even a teacher, but none had been anywhere near as good as this amazing woman he had only looked at as his mom before tonight.
As quickly as she had leaned forward, Leah pushed herself back so she was sitting straight again, Tommy's hands still roughly squeezing her tits, his fingers sinking into her fleshy mounds, and she reached up to grab her hair in her hands on her head as she rode with all her might, driving herself closer to orgasm. Tommy was still amazed that he had actually lasted this long, but with the intensity and the sight of her gloriously toned body, he knew he was almost done.
"Oh yeah, you're so fucking good honey! Fuck me, you're soo fucking hard!" She groaned without looking down at him as she bounced around smothering her long black hair all over her head in her tightly gripped hands.
Then once again she suddenly moved, unable to stay in one place too long as the pleasure flowed through her, which Tommy could understand as his own senses were becoming numb from the sheer amount of pleasure she was giving him. Her slim hands fell to grip her tits on top of his already mauling hands. The sight was awesome.
"Oh baby, you nailed me to your fathers desk so good!" Leah purred as she helped him to roughly squeeze the firmness of her tits. "And I just love riding your dick."
"Fuck!" Was all he could breathe out, he could feel the familiar shortness to his breathing and he knew he was going to blow soon. He began thrusting his hips harder upward, using Leah's tits to roughly pull her down as he thrust fast up.
"Ohhhhh! Um!" She groaned as he pulled her down hard, "You are so big!" She breathed out and began to moan lightly as she squeezed his hands into her flesh.
He felt the first tingling signs in his dick that he was going to cum and lust took total control of him. He let his hands drop from Leah's tits to roughly grab her waist, he needed more, more speed, harder, so he began thrusting harder and wilder into her, using her small waist to push and pull her up and down his dick.
Tommy looked lustfully at his mother as she gripped her tits harshly and played with them as she tightened her legs and rode him with all of her strength. The leather sofa creaked loudly with the sound of leather and wood. She was about to cum herself, he knew as her pussy slightly tightened around his thick lust-engorged rod buried deep within her.
"Fuck, your dicks like a fucking baseball bat!" Leah exclaimed loudly as she groaned as another of her downward thrusts was met by one of Tommy's equally lust filled upward thrusts. "I've never been fucked so good in my life!" She groaned again.
"Yeah mom, pump yourself hard on my dick, fuck your pussy on me!" Tommy suddenly growled aggressively, "Tell me, am I bigger and better than dad?" He had wanted to ask that question but he'd waited until she was totally filled with lust that he knew she'd answer. She loved his father very much, and he knew she would never answer unless she was beyond reasonable thought.
At the mention of his father, his mother began pounding her pussy as hard as she could, her groans growing louder until once again she was screaming and grunting from the hard impact of pubic bone slamming with a loud slap against the base of his dick.
"OHHHH FUCK YES BABY, FUCK ME LIKE THAT! OHHH DON'T EVER FUCKING STOP TOMMY!" His mother cried out lustfully, the sound no doubt was heard outside the room. "YES, YOUR DICK IS SOOO MUCH FUCKING BIGGER THAN YOUR FATHER'S" She groaned loudly, squeezing her big tits and mashing them roughly together. "HE'S....OHHHHHHHH.....HE'S 7 INCHES! UMMMMMMM OH AND YOU'RE SO MUCH FUCKING BETTER THAN HE IS AT PLEASING ME! YOU FUCK ME SO WELL HONEY! OH YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME CUUUMMMMMMMMM!"
The last came out as a loud scream that had to have used all the air in her lungs and she slammed down hard, grinding her tight pussy down on his raging dick, trying to force every last millimetre into her, as he slammed hard upwards and grunted sharply and as Tommy came hard inside his mother and she felt it shoot into her, her own orgasm just blew her mind.
Leah rode her sons dick as hard and as fast as fast as she could, bouncing wildly and groaning and screaming lewdly as she held tightly to her tits, squeezing them hard and roughly. She felt so good as she continuously slammed herself as down hard as she could and was met by Tommy's equally hard thrust up to meet her. She grunted every time their bodies slammed hard against each other, she had gotten used to his big dick buried within her now, but she still felt completely stuffed, and being rammed hard by all of that meat at once drove ecstasy through every vein.
Tommy was gripping her waist, pulling hard back down on his enormous weapon and Leah heard him speak and heard herself answer, but lust filled her and blood pumped rapidly through her veins, drowning out any concentration on anything except the big dick in her pussy and the amazing amount of pleasure it was giving her.
Suddenly, her stomach tensed, her pussy trembled and electricity began to tingle through her body and she knew she was about to cum for the second time that night by her son's cock as she felt the beginnings of what she knew would be a massive orgasm, Leah slammed herself hard downwards as Tommy thrust hard upwards and impaled her completely on every inch of his big monster.
She heard her 18 year old son groan loudly and felt the head of his big, thick cock expand as her own orgasm erupted and electricity shot through her with enough power to light the entire skyscraper they were in. Yet as Leah's orgasm began to shoot through her and her body trembled, her pussy gripped her sons dick tight and she groaned louder than before, Tommy's dick exploded and wad after wad of his hot, thick, sticky white cum shoot deep within her pussy, coating her insides and shooting straight into her unprotected womb, and Leah's orgasm more than trebled in intensity and her loud groan turned into a wordless scream of complete ecstasy.
"OHHHHHH FUCCKKKKKKKK YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" Was all she could scream out after what seemed like an eternity.
No words could describe how good she felt right then as wave after wave of orgasm shot through her body. She shook uncontrollably as she came, almost falling from Tommy's lap if her hadn't held onto her tightly by her naked waist. Her hands, no longer gripping a death lock on her tits, scraped furrows into her sons chest with her nails, her head thrown back once again in a wordless scream of pure pleasure.
Still her sons dick shot streams of cum deep into her yearning pussy, emptying the entire contents of his balls into her in an endless stream of white seed and her pussy hungrily drank it all in, her womb filling with her sons sticky goo.
Time passed but Leah didn't notice it at all as her orgasm continued, until what must have been 5 minutes later, her scream slowly quietened into wordless moaning and she fell forward, with no strength at all in her body, pressing her big tits flat against her sons chest. They both just lay there resting, totally exhausted but both completely satisfied.
Two hours passed as Leah lay naked resting against her son's batman suit covered chest still impaled to the hilt on his now soft cock, soft, but still almost 7 inches long. His dick was soft, and totally fucked out, but he was still as big as his father.
Slowly Leah woke up, and regaining her sense of reality slowly, realised that she and Tommy had actually fallen asleep, that was just how much energy they had used.
Weakly she pushed herself to arms length with her hands pressed against her son's muscular chest until she was sitting straight, straddling his lap. Even her smile was weak due to her lack of energy. If she had thought her muscles were jelly before, they were water now, but she still managed to push herself upwards, rising slowly from that pleasure-giving pole of her son's until, with a sigh at the loss, she finally pulled free and with a wet suction sound his dick came out of her.
Standing on long legs that barely held her upright, Leah searched the room with her big eyes to look for her dress, and found it lying strewn over Carl's chair where it had landed when she threw it away in her lust to be fucked. She smiled deeply, the memory of how good Tommy's big dick had made her feel still very fresh in her mind, and his cum was still very fresh and deep in her very sensitive pussy. She could still feel all of her son's sticky cum inside her belly from when she had swallowed it all, and she could easily feel all of his cum that had shot deep into her womb and filled her pussy so full she was sure that her eyes must have turned white.
She reached over and pulled the dress on over her head as she heard Tommy sit up on the sofa, just waking up from his well-earned rest. Leah turned to him as she began pulling the zip up the back of the dress, her arms were doubled back to pull the zip up, which pushed her big tits out farther and pressed them tight against the thin black material, her nipples poking proudly through the dress top, and she looked at her 18 year old boy.
"Well, I've never been fucked that good before!" She said with a deep smile down at him as he wearily looked up at her. "And I certainly have never been filled with so much cum either!"
Her smile deepened and became very teasing and she walked very unsteadily over to pick up his pants and throw them to him.
"C'mon Batman, you better get ready, if the party isn't already over it will be soon after how long that took!" She said as she checked her dress and smoothed it with her hands over her flat belly. Flat but oh, she felt so unbelievably full of cum!
Tommy looked up at her as he stood unsteadily and pulled his pants on.
"What time is it?" He asked, sounding a little more awake as he pulled the pants up around his waist.
"Late by the look of it." She said, "We were fucking for over an hour and we must have slept two. So come on Tommy, we've got to be heading home before your father wonders where we've gotten to."
A couple of minutes later, after searching for Leah's missing panties which they couldn't find, they were both walking back down the corridor towards the party room hand in hand. To her surprise, the music was still coming out from that room, but there was nowhere near as many people as had been there earlier.
Walking only slightly more steadily than in her husband's office, Leah led Tommy out by the hand into the smaller room and towards the way out but she stopped briefly to tell Harold and Lydia Marsh that they had had a lot of fun and were both very glad they had come, and then they were off and quickly found themselves once again sitting in the car, this time Tommy was in the drivers seat, even though Leah was stone cold sober.
Tommy had hardly said two words since waking up and was now staring straight out the windshield, not moving the car.
"What's wrong honey?" Leah asked looking as concerned as she felt
"Is everything gonna be ok with us now? I mean after, you know," He said nervously, looking at her as if expecting her to yell at him.
Leah smiled softly at her son and gently stroked his arm to reassure him, but she couldn't help but take the chance to tease him, although she knew that he was worried.
"What? After we had sex? After you fucked me?" She asked and smiled even more when he looked down expecting her to yell at him. "Tommy, I wouldn't have fucked you if I didn't want to and I know that you enjoyed it just as much as I did, I have two loads of your cum inside me to prove that! So don't worry ok, everything's fine ok?"
He nodded, still looking at the floor.
"I said ok?" She repeated removing her hand from his arm
"Yeah ok." He said after sighing and looking at her for a long time to make sure she really meant it.
"Good, because I don't want any of this to have ruined our relationship." She said and when she saw that he relaxed, she turned her smile back from reassuring to heavily teasing. "Now, we can pretend like nothing happened, or, you can drive us home before your father thinks something is wrong and I can suck your dick on the way."
His head turned towards her instantly and his eyes shot wide open. Leah couldn't believe how prudish he was being for someone who had already fucked her, and for a moment she thought that he was going to say that he did want to pretend that nothing had happened, and then finally a small smile crept on to his face and he turned to start the engine. Leah's own smile grew as she reached towards Tommy's crotch and pulled his cock out of his pants with her left hand, and smiling at the sight of her glittering wedding ring pressed against her son's rigidly hard cock, she leaned forward and slid her hot mouth over his cock once again.
Tommy drove home carefully as Leah's pretty head bobbed up and down in his lap, sucking hard on his cock and swishing her tongue all over the head. Her black lipstick still remained and her black covered lips glided up and down the thick shaft again and again as her cheeks sucked in and out as she tried to milk even more cum from his dick.
"Oh fuck mom you're such a horny slut!" Tommy groaned as his free hand gently rested on her long black hair that fell over her pretty face as she sucked contentedly on his rock solid dick.
"Mmmmmmph" She moaned around the shaft and then she slid her mouth all the way up and took her mouth from the shaft, gently pumping him still with her ringed left hand. "It's your wonderful dick baby." She cooed, "it drives me crazy."
And she returned to sucking harder on his dick before once again pulling her mouth from it long enough to look up at him through her long black eyelashes and say, "Besides, I love the taste of your cum and I LOVE feeling it inside me!" And with those words she went back to working as hard as she could, sucking mercilessly on his dick.
All the way back from the office to their house Leah's head bobbed up and down on her son's 10  inch hard on, sucking him for all she was worth as if he were her husband. Up and down her head moved, sometimes jacking him off with her left hand, other times sinking his dick all the way down her tight throat so that her lips reached the very base of his cock and her face was in his lap.
The further they drove, the harder and faster Leah sucked, wanting to taste Tommy's cum one more time before they got home. The moans filled the car, Tommy groaning how good a cocksucker she was and how much cum he was going to give her, and her own moans around the thick cock meat buried constantly between her lips in her mouth and throat. The loud sounds of Leah's lewd incestuous slurping as she sucked as hard and as fast as she could almost drowned their moaning and groaning out.
Then as they pulled into the driveway and stopped in front of the house, Tommy lived up to his promised groans, and once again delivered a huge load of cum shooting straight into Leah's mouth. She swallowed all of his cum as thick globs shot out of his engorged dick in her mouth and hit her tonsils, the back of her throat, landed on her tongue and filled her mouth completely full of cum. So full in fact, that after she had pulled her mouth from her son's softening cock and he had put it back in her pants and they were both leaving the car, her mouth was still full of Tommy's cum and she was slowly swallowing and slowly letting some slide down her throat on its own. The thought of having her son's cum in her mouth as she walked back into her house and nearer her husband turned her on so much she thought about pushing Tommy against a wall outside and fucking him before going in. Instead she just swallowed the last of her sons cum with a loud gulp that Tommy smiled at as they entered the kitchen and saw Carl sitting at the table reading over some papers. He never even looked up as they walked in.
"Hi." He said sounding happy but intent on the work in front of him
"Hey dad." Tommy said with a smug smile at Leah
"Hey hon, you have a good night?" She asked and returned her son's smile with a lust-filled teasing one of her own.
"Yeah, got a lot done so that the weekend should be completely free." Carl said, still without looking up. "What about you two? Did you have fun at the party?"
Tommy just grinned boyishly at her and she smiled once more at him before answering her husband.
"Oh, we had a lot of fun honey! In fact, more fun than I have had in my life I think." She said whilst still looking at her son, "Our son really knows how to show a girl a very, very good time."
"Good, I'm glad honey." Carl replied
"I showed him your office as well honey, he seemed to like what he saw there." She said teasingly, her pussy was beginning to feel hot and horny again. "Me, I certainly enjoyed myself, so that's why we didn't cum earlier, we wanted to have as much fun tonight as we possibly could, and I know for a fact we both did!" She rubbed a hand on her flat stomach showing Tommy that she had enjoyed all of his cum.
"Good, good!" Carl said as he wrote on one of the sheets, "Have you eaten?"
"Yeah" She said, her stomach fluttering with how erotic this was, basically describing what had happened but so that only herself and Tommy understood what she was really saying. Her smiled deepened. "I was stuffed more full than ever and I still feel completely full now but then, I've had two or three loads tonight."
"Good." Her husband repeated again.
"Anyway baby, I'm going to bed cause I'm completely fucked out." She said and moved closer to Tommy, "I need to get my energy back." She said looking straight at Tommy with lust filled eyes, and then turned to Carl. "Don't be too long honey." She said to him and then turned once again to her baby boy. "Good night honey, and thanks for such an amazing night." She said to him and gently pressed her lips against his, and quickly touched his tongue with hers, before pulling her lips back and smiling at him.
"We'll have to do it again soon mom." Tommy said smugly with no need to cover his words meaning. Carl wouldn't have suspected the truth at all.
She returned his lustful look and smile, as she turned back to him halfway through the doorway to the stairs.
"Oh we will, we'll make very sure we do it as often as we can." She said with a quick glance at Carl. Whenever they could get a place to themselves, she thought, I'll have that big dick of yours back inside me.
And with one last teasing smile for her son, Leah Bryton turned to walk to her bedroom, completely satisfied and completely happy. The night had turned out far better than she could ever have dreamed. She was not only a cheating slut, but also a Nympho incestuous slut mother, and that turned her on more than ever.
What began with that hot black Halloween party dress was going to go a very long way, ultimately to the hottest and most ultimate incest taboo of all, but that's another story.
----------The End----------
