Chapter 4
Neither Melissa nor Eric minded the long flight to Switzerland. The excitement of skiing in Switzerland overcame the fatigue of the grueling trip. However, when they arrived and had loaded everything into the rental car they decided that they were too tired to drive to Zermatt that evening. Instead they rented a hotel room for the night. Eric said it was senseless to waste money on two rooms so they rented one with double beds. Then they went to dinner at the hotel restaurant.
The restaurant wasn't fancy, but it was good enough for them to get a quiet meal. At dinner Eric begged his mother to let him share a bottle of wine. He pointed out that in Europe teenagers could drink wine and beer at 18. She relented since they didn't have to drive that evening.
Eric had a broad smile on his face as he held up his first official glass of wine for a toast. "To a great ski vacation with my favorite woman."
Melissa responded with, "To a great vacation with my favorite son."
"Hey, I'm your only son."
"And you said the other day that I was your only woman ... not just your favorite."
They laughed. But the smile on Eric's face said that she was both.
By the time dinner was served they had consumed half the bottle of wine. It was obvious from Eric's actions that he was not used to drinking. It appeared that the wine had also made him a bit bold when he asked, "Mom, what happened between you and dad? I mean, I heard the arguments, but everyone has those. There had to be more."
Melissa sat her fork down and sighed. "It's a long story."
"I have all night," Eric returned with a laugh.
"All right. Well, you will probably understand better after you're married. Married couples, any couple, really need time to get to know each other. You were born right after we were married and that created problems almost immediately."
Eric raised an eyebrow.
"Yes, I was pregnant when we got married. Are you shocked?"
"No. I saw the marriage license once and realized it was dated after I would have been conceived. Unless I was born four months pre-mature." He laughed.
"You were not pre-mature ... believe me I know, I carried you for 9 months and I had the back pain and now the wider hips to prove it."
"So you had a rough start with a baby right away. Plenty of couples start out like that," Eric said.
"That's true. But a lot of marriages don't make it either. I think all couples need time for themselves, to learn about each other, to have the privacy to enjoy life, to be able to save money for their first house and so forth. A baby within a couple months of marriage throws a monkey wrench into all of that."
Melissa reached over and touched Eric's hand. "Don't think that we didn't want you. You were ... are the best thing that has ever happened to me. It was just that it made it even more difficult for us. Beyond that, things change. Your father ... uh ... your father ... I'm not sure how to say this," she said and hesitated, taking a quick gulp of wine.
"Come on, Mom. I told you some pretty personal things."
"Yes you did." Melissa paused in thought, running her finger around the rim of her wineglass. Finally she said, "Well, the truth is, your father was never much on the sex thing. His religious upbringing always caused problems."
"I guess that's why he ran away with that female bible beater," Eric said with a frown.
"Yes. I tried to make sex interesting, but he didn't seem to have the sex drive. And, he wasn't very good in bed." Melissa laughed nervously, then quickly added, "Not that I would know what 'good in bed' really means."
"What does 'not very good in bed' mean with dad?" Eric wanted to know.
Melissa hesitated. "Uh ... well, he wouldn't let me do what you and Brenda did for one thing."
Eric looked shocked. "You mean he wouldn't let you give him a blow ... uh ... suck ..." he stuttered.
"Nope. No blowjobs or eating pussy," she said bluntly, shocking both of them with her language. Melissa put her hand over her mouth and giggled. "I'd better slow down with the wine."
"Wow," Eric said. "Have you ever done either?"
"No, I've never been with anyone but your father."
"Really?" Eric said rather loudly.
"Nope, just your father. Because he wasn't interested in sex, I guess I suppressed all my desire until ... until recently."
"Recently?"
"I shouldn't tell you this stuff," Melissa said, ignoring caution and pouring another glass of wine.
"Come on, Mom... I told you stuff I have never told anyone else."
Melissa sighed and continued. "Recently, I have had ... I don't know ... I've felt all this sexual desire. It's much stronger than I ever remember." Melissa paused again. This was just too embarrassing to be talking about to my son, she thought. She decided to change the subject. "We were talking about me and your father, not sex. One day he just said he had found someone else and that was it."
Eric shook his head in dismay. "I can't imagine any man leaving you."
"Thank you, but I'm a long way from perfect. It wasn't all his fault."
"It was too. Look at you. You're a gorgeous woman who could be a model if you wanted. You are bright, caring, and a great mother. Not only that, you're a career woman with a great job that pays good money ... more than most men make in fact. And you're sexy as hell." Eric blushed as the wine made his lips loose.
"Well thank you again, sweetheart." She squeezed his hand again.
"Another question, Mom."
"You're full of questions tonight."
"Do you mind?"
"No. I like it. I haven't really had anyone to talk to since your father left. And for the past few years of our marriage we just argued."
"I like talking with you," Eric said sincerely. "Last question, I promise. Why did you only have me? I mean ... did you want more children?"
"Yes, I wanted a house full. But your father didn't want anymore, and he wouldn't budge."
"I'm like him less and less as we talk."
"No, don't say that, sweetheart," Melissa said looking at him sadly. "He's your father. As I told you before, I'm not perfect. To make a marriage work, it takes two people. I don't want to sour you on him. That would give me great pain." Melissa had tears in her eyes.
"Your defense of him tells me that it was not your fault. Someone that cares that much would have worked things out had the other party been willing."
"Let's change the subject, okay?" Melissa said as she dried her eyes.
"You're right," he said, and quickly added, "So do you still think you can beat me down the slopes?"
"Of course," Melissa returned with a smile. The two of them had always been competitive. They challenged each other at sports, games, and anything else that even resembled competition, especially Chess.
"I was a year younger the last time we went skiing and so were you. I don't think you can beat me anymore."
Melissa said, "Well, we'll see."
They both smiled.
They talked for a long time. But not like mother and son. They shared their wishes and dreams. It was an intimate conversation that would have been more appropriate for lovers, or a husband and wife. Neither realized how fast the time was passing until they looked around realized that the restaurant was almost empty.
"We better get to our room," Melissa said and stood up. She felt the wine go to her head and swayed.
"You okay, Mom?" Eric said, but he swayed himself.
Melissa looked at Eric with a mock disapproving smile. Then they both laughed.
The two of them walked arm in arm, using one another for support. They entered the elevators and then went into their room.
"You want to take your shower first, Mom?"
"Okay, sweetheart. I won't be long."
While Melissa was in the shower, Eric flipped through the channels on the TV. Unfortunately the only show in English was CNN.
Melissa peeked out of the bathroom about a half-hour later. "Uh ... Eric, could I borrow one of your long sleeved shirts. I don't want to dig into my bag."
"Sure, Mom," Eric volunteered. He grabbed one of his shirts and took it over to her. She took it from his hand and closed the door. A few moments later she came out wearing the shirt.

"Wow, Mom, you look great in a man's shirt," Eric said.
"Thanks. But it's a little short," she said, trying to pull the bottom down as far as possible.
"That's fine with me," Eric said with sparkling eyes.
"Eric, I'm your mother," Melissa said, trying to appear stern, but the curl in her lips gave her away.
Eric got up quickly and went into the bathroom.
Melissa had seen a tent begin to form in his shorts. Her heart fluttered a bit when she realized that she had made that happen. Then she chastised herself again.
When Eric returned from the shower, he had shaved and put on a pair of white boxer briefs and a sleeveless T-shirt. The boxer briefs and T-shirt were a stretch material and fit him snugly.
Melissa noticed that although his erection had subsided, there was still a very noticeable bulge in stretch briefs. She was sitting up on the bed with her back supported by pillows. The tail of the shirt was pulled down at her thighs as far as it could go, covering only the last several inches of her upper thighs. Her legs were crossed with the material pushed between them. She was reading a book with her glasses sitting on her nose.
Eric smiled and said, "You look like a school marm now."
Melissa took off the glasses and got a pout on her face. "First I'm sexy and now I look like a school marm?"
"A very sexy school marm," Eric returned.
Melissa couldn't help looking down at the crotch of Eric's shorts. She suppressed a gasp. He definitely had half an erection. She quickly put her glasses back on and looked down at her book.
Eric flopped on the bed and began watching CNN again. "I'm tired, but not sleepy," he said.
Melissa looked over her glasses at him and said, "Me too. Must be jet lag."
"Want to play a game of chess?" Eric asked.
"Sure. We haven't played chess in months. And, if I remember correctly, you're still working off the bet you lost last time."
Melissa had used the games to get Eric to do things around the house. After losing the last bet, he had to wash her car every other week for two months and do the dishes twice a week.
"All right, if I win this time, all my bets are paid off," Eric responded.
"But if you lose, everything is doubled ... another two months of washing my car and doing the dishes twice a week."
"Deal," Eric answered.
The two of them had always been competitive. Eric was much better at computer games. However, Melissa beat him at board games most of the time.
Eric found the portable chess set and sat them on the bed in front of him. "Come on and take your beating," he said.
"Yeah, right," Melissa said as she came over to the bed and sat down with her feet on the floor, legs facing away. She realized that that position was not going to work. She tried as gracefully as possible to turn and bring her legs onto the bed. She crossed them yoga style, pushing her shirt down to cover her panties. It barely did the job.
Although she knew Eric was trying to concentrate on the chess game, she also knew that he was sneaking peaks at her legs. Along with a strange feeling of pride, she felt a chill go up and down her spine. Whenever he looked up, his eyes went to her bare thighs and the tiny slip of material between her legs. Incredibly she allowed the shirt to pull up slightly, allowing her panties to show. She was certain that he could see her panties now. Her heart began to beat harder and she felt her pussy lips getting wet and wondered how long it would take before it showed through the thin gusset of her panties.
As they began to play the game Melissa found herself watching Eric's eyes more than concentrating on the game. She could see that he was distracted as well. His stare made her even wetter. Soon she knew that her crotch was wet. When she glanced down at her son's crotch she almost gasped. He definitely had an erection and, although he tried to hide it, there was a wet spot at the head of his cock. Melissa knew she had to put a stop to this.
"It's after midnight. I think it's about time for me to go to sleep," Melissa said, her voice almost trembling.
"Me too. We'll continue the game tomorrow with the same stakes. Okay?" said Eric.
"Okay."
Melissa saw him glance between her legs one last time. To her utter amazement, Melissa found herself leaning back just a couple inches. The arch of Eric's eyebrows told her that he could plainly see the wet spot that had formed in the crotch and now made her panties almost transparent. She looked at the bulge in his shorts and saw it twitch.
Eric gasped but tried to cover it up by acting like a playing card had cut his finger. "Shit," he exclaimed, bringing the finger to his mouth.
"Paper cut? I hate those," Melissa said as she got up went to her bed. She chastised herself for being so bold as to let her son see her panties. Her only excuse was the wine she had drank, but deep inside she knew that was a lame excuse. There was more going on here the she cared to admit. She quickly crawled under the sheets.
Eric crawled into his bed.
* * * * *
The following morning Melissa awoke to a bright room. She realized that she had not closed the drapes. She looked at the clock and saw that it was only 6 a.m. She got up and went over to the window to pull the drapes. When she did she glanced down at her son. A gasp escaped her mouth when she saw that the sheet had pulled from his body. He was lying sprawled on the bed and there was a large tent in his shorts. Melissa realized he probably had a "piss hardon" as his father used to call it. His cock was pulsing. When Eric stirred and moaned, Melissa quickly crawled back into her bed.
Chapter 5
By 9 a.m. Melissa and Eric were dressed and ready to go. Melissa wore a green jacket and form fitting jeans. Eric wore a red down jacket, jeans and tennis shoes. They ate breakfast before the drive to Zermatt.
It was a beautiful sunny day with the temperatures in the low 30's as they left Zurich for the 150-mile drive. Eric drove while Melissa navigated. They tried to stay on the interstate as long as possible. However, the mountain scenery was just too alluring, so they took smaller roads through quaint towns. The views of the villages and mountains were breathtaking and every scene was a postcard. There was snow everywhere but Switzerland depended on tourism for their economy. The main roads were kept clear, no matter the weather.
When they reached the mountains, the speed of travel slowed down and snow began to fall. Fortunately the snow didn't come down heavily until they were close to Zermatt.
"I think we turn here," Melissa said, pointing to a small road heading toward a steep mountain.
"Are you sure?" Eric asked. "It doesn't look like the road goes anywhere."
"Yes, here's the road on the map. We have about five miles up the mountain. I was told that there's a caretaker who lives in a chalet below the mountain cabin."
The road went back and forth with hairpin turns as they climbed higher and higher. Finally when they thought the road was ending, they found a small house with a car parked outside. There was smoke coming from the chimney. "This is the caretaker's house I'm sure," Melissa said.
Eric parked the car and they got out. From inside the house came an old man with two large dogs behind him. He smiled as he walked up to them.
"The Jacobs I presume," he said in English with a German accent, holding out his hand. "I'm, Leon Schmidt."
"Yes, pleased to meet you. We have the cabin for two weeks," Melissa answered reaching out her hand to the old man.
Eric knelt down and called the dogs over. They charged at him, knocking him over and he slipped onto his butt in the snow. He was laughing as the two large dogs began licking his face.
"Luke, Alexandra," the old man called. But, the dogs didn't listen. "Sorry, they love people," he said to Melissa.
"That's okay, we love dogs."
"I can tell," he said, looking at Eric now wrestling with the dogs. "Good to have someone in the cabin for a change. Mr. Hemsley doesn't make it up here much anymore. I don't think he can ski now with his bad knees. Do you know Mr. Hemsley?"
"Yes, he's the chairman of the company I work for. Nice man."
"Very nice. His grandmother lived in the cabin for years. She refused to move no matter what her grandson tried to do. Mr. Hemsley used to come up here quite often after she passed. He loved to ski. Nobody's been here for a year or so. But I keep it nice just the same."
"I'm sure it's very nice," Melissa said.
"Well, it's small and doesn't have all the modern conveniences, but it should suit you and your husband fine. And the skiing is world class around here."
Melissa started to say that Eric wasn't her husband but for some reason let it go. She was flattered that the old man thought she was young enough to be Eric's wife. "I know. We haven't been skiing in a while. We're really looking forward to it."
"Well, let's get you up there then. We can ride up the mountain about a mile and then you'll have to walk a couple hundred yards to the cabin. I can ride with you two and then walk back down."
"Are you sure you want to walk back down?"
"Do it almost everyday. Up and down."
The old man got into the back of the car and they drove the final mile straight up the mountain. When the road ended they stopped and got out.
"Oh my," Melissa said as she looked out over the valley. "The view is breathtaking." Then she turned and looked at the cabin sitting above them. It was an A-frame type cabin and almost appeared it was about to topple from the hill. "I guess you can't be afraid of heights if you live up here."
"That's for sure," returned Leon with a laugh.
They each grabbed luggage and began to walk up the snow-covered path leading to the cabin. By the time they reached the front door, they were all out of breath. Leon opened the door without a key. "No one's gonna come up here to steal anything," he said to Melissa's unanswered question.
"They'd have to be in great shape," she said as she caught her breath.
Inside the cabin was a large room with a stone fireplace covering most of one wall. A roaring fire was burning, throwing off heat for the room. There was a large picture window looking out over the valley with an amazing view. The room was sparsely furnished with a small sofa, comfortable looking stuffed chair, wooden rocking chair, and a rug on the floor in front of the fireplace. To the left were steps that led to a loft.
"As I said, kind of rustic, but Mr. Hemsley didn't want to change any of the furniture. Left it just like it was when his grandmother was alive. Didn't even put in a furnace. But you've got plenty of wood outside for the fireplace and stove. You'll have to keep it going all the time to stay warm."
Melissa looked at Eric and shrugged her shoulders. She hadn't expected not to have central heating, although she was relieved when Leon flipped on the light switch. At least they had electricity. She wondered about a flush toilet.
When Leon saw Melissa's look he said, "You have running water, flush toilet, and a butane-gas hot water heater. I turned hot water heater on so you should have hot water tonight."
"Thank you," Melissa said with a bit of relief. At least we will at be able to take hot baths, she thought.
They sat the luggage down and followed Leon into the kitchen. "Here's the kitchen. Got a stove, refrigerator and staples in the closet. You'll have to go to the store to get perishable stuff." Then he led them to the bathroom. There was an open door leading to the single bathroom. Inside were a sink, toilet, and, although antique in style, a free standing tub that looked as if had been recently installed.
Finally they went upstairs to the loft where they saw one king sized bed. Again Melissa looked at Eric. "Only one bed," she whispered with a look of concern.
Eric shrugged. "Well, they told you it was rustic," Eric said with a sardonic smile.
"Yes, it is a bit rustic, but you should do fine," Leon said when he heard Eric's comment. "The down bed cover is warm and the fireplace should provide enough heat." Then Leon walked back down the steps to the living room with Melissa and Eric following. "That should about do it. I'm just down the mountain if you need anything."
"Thank you," said Melissa as she walked outside with Leon. For a moment she wondered if she should tip him but decided not to. She said goodbye and came back into the house.
Melissa looked at Eric and sighed. "A little more rustic then I pictured."
Eric looked around and answered, "True, but we'll be on the slopes most of the time, so it doesn't matter. I can sleep on the sofa."
Melissa looked at the sofa. It was short and rather lumpy looking and she knew it wouldn't be comfortable. "You can't sleep there."
"Then I can sleep on the floor in front of the fireplace."
"That's silly. We're adults. The bed is plenty big enough for both of us."
Eric paused for a moment as if thinking about the proposition. Then he smiled. "Okay, if you insist."
Melissa returned the smile and said, "I insist."
"Well, of course you will wear your 'see-thru' night gowns," Eric said referring to the gown she had worn when he saw her in her room the other day.
"Eric, I'm your mother," she said in mock exasperation, placing her hands on her hips.
"Yeah, sometimes I forget that," he laughed.
The strange feeling ran through Melissa again. She shivered but then recovered. "Let's go out of the balcony and have a look."
They stepped outside and both caught their breath. The view was more than breathtaking.
"Wow, this looks like a picture postcard," Eric said as he stood close to his mother and looked out over the valley.

"Yes, it's amazing," responded Melissa. They watched it snow for a few minutes and then Melissa said, "Let's get unpacked and check out the town."
Several hours later they had toured the town and found out where the slopes were located. Then they stopped at the local grocery store and bought milk, bread, cereal, fruit, and other perishable foods. After trudging them up the hill to the cabin, they put the groceries away and Melissa began fixing dinner. By the time they had eaten dinner of pasta with tomato sauce, green beans, fresh bread and a bottle of wine, they were ready to take baths and go to bed.
Melissa went first, filling the tub with steaming water. She moaned as she sunk into the deep tub. For some reason Melissa's mind wandered back to her vision of Eric when they were still at home. She could see him in his room with his cock in his hand, stroking himself. Slowly as the vision clarified in her mind, her hands slipped between her legs. With a quiet moan she began to stroke her clit. Her legs were spread to each side of the tub. The excitement built rapidly with the vivid images of her son parading before her.

The climax came on slowly and grew until she strained to keep her moans from escaping the bathroom. She bit her tongue as she reached her peak and slowly went over the top. Then she came slowly back to reality.
The climax had been very satisfying and somewhat exhausting. As a result, she fought to remain awake. Before she fell asleep, she got out, dried herself and put on a pair of panties and then slipped her nightgown over her head. When she looked into the mirror, she saw that her breasts were plainly visible. She thought for a moment about wearing a bra, but discounted it because of how uncomfortable it would have been ... or so she told herself.
The house was warm and toasty with the smell of burning logs in the fireplace when Melissa came out of the bathroom. She had on a sleeveless shirt and short jogging shorts.
"Continue our game of chess after I take my shower?" Eric asked.
"Okay, but just for a while until we get tired."
Eric went downstairs to take his shower. When he came out of the bathroom, he came upstairs. He had on his boxer briefs and a T-shirt again. It was obvious that he was getting very comfortable being around his mother with just underwear on.
Melissa was sitting on the bed cross-legged.
Eric stood at the end of the bed and looked at his mother.
She could see his eyes move to her top where she was pretty sure he could see her nipples.

"Want some wine?" Melissa asked.
"Sure," Eric answered, pleased that his mother didn't question letting him drink wine.
Melissa got a bottle of red wine, two glasses, and a bag of pretzels.
A half-hour later, most of the wine was gone and both of them were feeling a little tipsy.
As the game progressed Melissa could see her son's eyes spending more and more time staring at her nearly naked breasts swaying under her top. She knew she was teasing him, but the wine, the warmth of the cabin and the excitement of the snow falling outside was making her lightheaded. She could feel illicit excitement coursing through her.
Across from her it was obvious that Eric was feeling the same way; there was noticeable tent in his shorts.
It took a few minutes for Melissa to notice her son's condition. When she did, she couldn't help glancing at the pulsing bulge. She felt her heart begin to beat faster and she tried not to stare. Soon she could feel her pussy begin to leak. She knew why he was hard. Her motherly side told her to cover up, but her female side was pleased that she could excite a young man so quickly at her age. Whenever she moved she felt her breasts sway, rubbing her nipples against the material and keeping them hard. She felt her clit throb.
Melissa closed her eyes as if she were resting them and sighed as she leaning her head back. She knew what Eric could see. He could see her breasts moving up and down and if he looked lower, he could see the crotch of her panties under her short shorts. She could feel her pussy moistening and hoped it wasn't showing through the crotch. Now pretending to have dozed off, she opened her eyes just a crack. She felt she like she might pass out as she watched her son's hand move slowly to the bulge in his underwear. Then he paused as he glanced up at her face, obviously making sure she was asleep.
Forcing her eyes to remain hooded she watched his hand begin to move up and down the bulge in his underwear. Almost without her conscious knowledge she spread her legs. Now, she was pretty sure he could see the crease of her pussy under her panties.
Eric moved his hand faster. There was a wet spot at the top and it began to grow with each stroke as if he were pumping his pre-cum juice from a tube.
She wanted to look away ... she wanted to get up and run, but there was no place to go. She knew she could put a stop to it immediately by closing her legs. Yet, it was as if she didn't have control of her lower parts. They seemed paralyzed. Her head was saying stop it, but every other part of her body was in a state of excited frenzy.
She heard Eric moaned softly and he continued to stroke himself slowly. Suddenly she saw his body stiffened and his eyes closed tightly. Then the stain in his shorts began to grow larger. Melissa watched the wet spot grow as her sons hand moved faster. Like an explosion in her mind, she realized that he was climaxing. Her son was climaxing right in front of her. She couldn't actually see it, but he was only inches from her. She could feel the bed move with his trembling. It was too much for her. Again, without the benefit of manual stimulation, she felt her clit begin to throb. She bit her lip to keep from crying out. Her squinting eyes continued to stare at the ever-enlarging stain on Eric's shorts. He was climaxing... her son was jerking off in front of her and she was watching it. The pleasure ripped through and her body twitched. She was grateful that Eric's eyes were closed and couldn't see her orgasm. However, she could not have stopped it even if he did see her.
A minute later she felt movement on the bed and knew that Eric had gotten up. She only opened her eyes when she heard the bathroom door close. She sighed with relief. She quickly pulled up the sheet and comforter and slipped underneath. When she looked at the cover, she saw a large wet stain where she had been sitting. To keep Eric from seeing it, she turned out the lamp next to her bed. By the time Eric came out of the bathroom, she was pretending to be asleep again.
Chapter 6
"I'll race you down to the bottom. Loser does dishes for a week," Melissa yelled as she took off with a head start on Eric. He sped off behind her, trying to follow her zigzag pattern down the hill.
It was early morning and gorgeous sunny day on the slopes and as of yet it wasn't too crowded.
Melissa looked over her shoulder and saw her son close behind. She pushed her poles into the snow and increased her speed. She wasn't sure she could beat him now, but she was certainly going to try.
The snow was powdery and dry, making the skiing ideal. She hoped to use her skill and experience to overcome the weight difference between her and Eric. As they rounded the final turn and head toward the finish line she was still in the lead. She knew Eric was trying as hard as he could, but seconds later she crossed the finish line first.
Melissa raised her ski poles into the air in celebration and then slid to the snow in exhaustion. It had taken all she had to beat him.
"You cheated," Eric complained as he fell beside her laughing and gasping for breath. "You had a head start."
"I should get a head start. I'm older than you ... and besides I'm a girl," she said with a pouting smile.
"Let's get some hot chocolate and then I want a second chance," Eric said, helping his mother up.
After a break and a ride back up the mountain, Melissa proceeded to beat Eric again. He wasn't laughing the second time.
It went like that all day. Eric was frustrated and a bit sullen when they went to dinner later that evening at a small restaurant on the main strip of Zermatt.
"Come on Eric," Melissa said, "you don't want me to let you win do you?"
"No," he said from across the table. "But you know I don't like getting beaten ... especially by a girl."
"Uh ha, so that's the problem," Melissa teased.
"You know what I mean."
Melissa reached over and touched her son's hand. "Give me a little leeway here. It won't be long before I can't beat you anymore. Besides, I won't tell anyone," she said with a serious face.
Finally Eric laughed. "You had better not," he warned jokingly.
"I'll let you beat me at chess tonight," she returned.
"You're not going to have to let me win. I'm going to beat you fair and square."
"We'll see."
After dinner they drove back to the cabin. Melissa realized she had drunk a little too much wine as they walked up the snow-covered path toward cabin. The footing was difficult even without the wine and Melissa had to hold onto her son's arm. Suddenly she slipped, falling to the frozen snow. Her weight pulled Eric down on top of her and they began to tumble back down the hill. Halfway down the slope a snowdrift stopped them, with Melissa plowing backward and Eric falling on top.
They were both in gales of laughter as Eric's weight pressed his mother into the snow.
"Now look what you've done," Eric said. "We were almost at the cabin until you fell."
Melissa looked up at him, the full moon casting his face in an almost angelic glow. "Sorry," she said as seriously as she could muster. But a second later she began to laugh again.
Eric had stopped laughing as he stared at her.
Suddenly she stopped laughing too. Her son's head blocked the moonlight and she could see a strange look in his eyes. A moment later his lips were on hers.

Melissa was stunned, but, incredibly, she did not try to push him away. Her head began to spin as their lips moved together. When she opened her mouth, his tongue entered and she moaned.
Melissa had no idea how long the kissed lasted. She only knew that she had sucked his tongue and he had sucked hers. They were kissing like passionate lovers. When she finally came to her senses, she pushed Eric away. He fell to the side and she struggled to stand up. However, she couldn't make it up the slope on her own.
When Eric got up, he was silent as he took his mother's arm and helped her back up the hill. When they entered the cabin, they saw that the fire had all but gone out. As Melissa went up to the bedroom, Eric loaded more logs onto the glowing coals and stoked them until they were roaring again. Then he went into the bedroom and found his mother already in bed. "I thought we were going to play chess?"
"I'm exhausted from the slopes," Melissa answered. "Maybe tomorrow night."
Eric shrugged his shoulders and went in and too a quick bath. Then he crawled into bed next to his mother. She was lying with her back to him and appeared to be asleep.
However, Melissa's eyes were still open. She couldn't go to sleep. She was replaying in her mind what had happened at the bottom of the hill. She had kissed her own son and let him put his tongue into her mouth. Her face was still hot from embarrassment. Or was it something else. Her beating heart told her it was something else. As she turned over onto her back, she felt the bed moving and wondered what was causing it. She listened and heard heavy breathing. She dared a quick glance over at Eric.
What she saw made her heart beat even faster. Eric was masturbating. She could clearly see his hand moving up and down under the sheet. She watched with fascination and curiosity.
Suddenly their eyes met. Instead of stopping, he moaned and moved his hand faster. A few seconds later, his hips began to move up and down and he began to grunt. He was climaxing.
It was the third time Melissa had seen her son masturbate. Suddenly, she said, "Do you do that everyday?" She didn't know where she got the courage, except that she could still feel the effects of the wine coursing through her.
"Huh?" Eric asked as if he hadn't heard the question.
"Do you masturbate everyday?" she asked again.
"Uh ... yeah ... I guess," he answered as his face turned red.
"Do most boys do that?" she wanted to know.
"I don't know. Some do I guess," he answered.
"What do you think about?"
"Mom, what kind of question is that?"
"You don't have to answer. Just thought we were being honest with each other."
Eric started to say something then paused. Suddenly he said, "You."
Melissa sucked in her breath with shock. However, deep down, she wasn't really surprised. Maybe that was the answer she was fishing for.
"Do you masturbate?" Eric returned.
Melissa took a moment to answer. "I have, but not in a long time," she lied. She couldn't be sure he had known that she had climaxed outside his door or in bed later.
"Why not?"
"I ... I ... I don't really know," she answered truthfully.
"Do it."
"What?"
"Do it now. Masturbate."
"I ... I can't do that."
"Sure you can. Just put your finger on your clit and rub it. You know you want to."
Suddenly Melissa's heart was pounding so loud she thought Eric might hear it. "Eric ... this ... this isn't right."
"You watched me do it."
She almost gasped. She wondered which time he was talking about. Melissa paused for several long moments. Then, while her brain was screaming no, her fingers seemed to have a mind of their own as they moved under the sheet. This is crazy, she thought. Yet, she could feel her pussy pulsing and she knew her clit was swollen and sticking from between the protective lips. She pulled her nightgown up ... she had chosen not to wear panties tonight. Her body felt on fire. "Ohhhh," she moaned when her finger reached her clit. She opened her legs slightly and moved one finger of her other hand to her lower lips.
Slowly she moved a finger inside her as another finger began to tease the swollen head of her clit. "Mmmmm," she gasped as her body reacted quickly to the stimulation. Her legs clamped together on her hand as both fingers moved rapidly ... one went in and out of her pussy and the other up and down on her clit. A moment later she began to climax. "Ohhhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh," she gasped as her hips lifted from the bed and her body shook. She could almost feel Eric's eyes on her and it sent incredible waves of pleasure through her. It was like fireworks going off in her head as her body movements caused the bed to shake.
Finally, she settled back down on the bed and her fingers fell from between her legs. Mortification at what she had done quickly engulfed her like a dark cloud. She turned her back to Eric.
"Wow, that was amazing," Eric whispered. "Good night, Mom," he said. "I love you."
Melissa whispered too quietly for Eric to hear, "I love you too."
