Tim rolled out of bed, took his shower, and dressed for school still half-asleep. It had been a brutal week and week-end what with final exams and non-stop partying. This week should be a breeze, he thought, just show up and prepare for graduation. He stumbled blindly to the kitchen where his dad sat reading the paper and his mother stood at the sink rinsing off a few of the dishes prior to putting them in the dishwasher. Tim stopped behind her and leaning forward, reached for the cereal box in the cabinet above her. With one hand opening the door and the other reaching for the box he was unable to maintain his already poor balance and fell against his mother.
Jill Morgan was an executive with a large manufacturing firm. At 37 she still had the shapely body of a woman of twenty, and was dressed in her usual business suit skirt and white blouse. Her coat was hung on a nearby chair. Under the skirt she wore tiny nylon panties and panty hose which tended to keep her ass cheeks tight together. When Tim fell against her therefore his morning hard-on only rested between the outer split of her very shapely ass. Still for both of them it was a significant event. Each was acutely conscious of the sexual nature of the contact.
"Tim!"
He struggled to regain his balance and straighten up. For a moment he was grinding his semi hard cock into her firm butt. In the process, his cock got harder and harder until he was rigid as a piece of pipe.
"Sorry, mom, I was just trying to slip in and grab the cereal box." He braced himself for her angry reply.
"I could tell you were trying to slip into something, I just wasn't sure what it was. Next time be sure you're a little more under control" She turned toward him slightly and he saw the corners of her mouth turn up in a little grin.
He was surprised at her response and looked quickly at his dad to see if he was aware of the conversation, but he appeared buried in his paper as usual.
"Next time I will" he said. Now why in the hell had he opened his mouth and said something so stupid, he thought. That was only going to make matters worse. But she didn't respond, she only looked up at him out of the corner of her eyes. He ate his breakfast quickly and hurried out the door to school.
Jill continued to rinse the dishes while this discussion was going on and could still feel the impression of her son's cock against her cheeks. It had been quite awhile since she had had a stiff cock pressed against her ass. Her husband, Thomas, had long ago limited his sexual activity to the missionary position once every two weeks. He was a lawyer and thought of nothing else but his practice. In fact, he was against anything that even appeared to be sexual. Jill on the other hand was a very sexual creature that was becoming more frustrated with her love life. She was slightly shocked and chided herself for the randy thought that had gone through her mind while her son was grinding against her ass. For a moment she had hoped he didn't regain his balance for at least an hour.
Tim had never considered his mother a sex object. Well, at least nothing more than checking out her panties and bra in the clothes hamper. The 36c bra size gave him a reference point to judge the tit size of the girls at school and the perfume of her worn panties raised a rigid hard-on that lasted through two masturbation sessions. Although he had never thought sexually about her firm ass, now, he could think of nothing else. At the end of the day, while walking home, he was unable to remember a single thing that had occurred; the whole day at school was a total blank. His mother's firm round ass cheeks occupied his brain and his cock, which got hard as a cement pole each time he relived the moment at the sink.
The following morning, even though Tim had beat his cock senseless the previous night he didn't have the guts to press against her again. His dad was an eagle eye and would kill him if he became aware of Tim's efforts. But Tim sat at the table in such a position that the coveted ass was directly across from him. As Jill scrubbed the plates and cups, her ass wiggled back and forth acting like a red flag to Tim. Soon he was wishing he had tried the cereal box routine again this morning. He vowed that the next day he was again going to plant his cock between those wiggling, jiggling cheeks.
Jill was quick to notice that Tim had been very careful not to lean over her to get his cereal that morning. She felt a trifle bit let down.
"God, Jill" she said to herself, "what kind of a thought is that. You are feeling bad because your own son didn't put his dick between the cheeks of your ass?" Just before that thought was forced from her mind, she imagined Tim's uncovered cock between the globes of her naked ass. She shook off such an image and shouting her good-byes she quickly rushed out of the house, glad that the drive to work would keep her mind occupied.
Wednesday morning dawned bright and sunny. Tim was out of bed at the first sound of his alarm. He took a quick shower, struggling to keep his steel hard cock from punching holes in the shower door, the towel and his underwear. At the last minute he took off the underwear, he wanted to be able to feel his mother's ass and the underwear would be one more piece of insulation. He didn't want to change his schedule too much or his parents would get suspicious, besides if he were too early his mother wouldn't be at the sink doing her usual chores. He arrived in the kitchen at the precise moment his mother rinsed the first cup. Watching his dad carefully as he walked toward the sink, he was convinced his dad's newspaper kept him from seeing anything that was about to occur unless his mother called attention to it. This time Tim lined up directly behind Jill before leaning forward. His aim was flawless. His bone hard cock pressed exactly between his mother's curved flesh. As he allowed his weight to drive him deeper into her crevice he raised on his tip-toes. The resulting movement mocked the fucking action and for a moment he was performing the age-old rhythm against his mother's ass.
Jill gasped at the blatant contact, her mind recording his size and the rigidity of his member. Speech failed her and she could only stand unmoving as he retrieved his cereal and slowly disengaged from his obviously sexual thrust. Before she could recover her composure, he had moved to the table and poured the cereal into his bowl. She swung around to face him as he poured the milk. The image of the white milk splashing around the holes in the oats was suddenly too suggestive and she was able to say nothing more than,
"Were you able to reach everything?"
"Yeah, thanks, mom, I got everything."
"Good, I was pretty sure you were getting what you wanted." They were both stunned by her comment. She had no idea why she had said anything that gave tacit approval to his actions. Tim on the other hand couldn't believe she wasn't beating on his head for what he had done and had even implied that she was aware of what he was going to do and wasn't keeping him from doing it.
School was a worse drag than Monday had been. Finally he could take no more, and went to the restroom and pumped his stiff member until he had twice shot a load against the wall of the stall. It made him feel better, but his cock was only slightly less hard. He wondered how his mother would treat him during the evening.
After Tim left for school and her husband had gone to work, Jill had about fifteen minutes until she too had to leave for work. She moved as though in a fog. She was having a difficult time accepting the fact that her own son had made sexual advances to her. She had little doubt that the first time on Monday had been an accident, but there was no mistaking the episode today for anything but what it was. Tim had deliberately thrust his hard cock against her ass, even going so far as thrusting upward after the initial contact to increase the sexual connotation of his movements. Her first reaction was hoping her husband hadn't seen it. For the next few seconds she had been too involved in the feeling of the rigid cock between her tight spheres to think of anything else. Finally she had admitted to herself that the pole between her ass cheeks was her eighteen-year-old son's cock, and was there through no accident. But her real concern was her panties, which had become soaked when her pussy flooded as she realized that her own son was dry fucking her ass. That flooding had almost been her downfall. She hadn't been that turned on since the first time a boy played with her bare tits in high school. In all their marriage years her husband had never been able to arouse her to that pitch and now her own son had sparked a drenching response. Afterward, she had been weak in the knees, and rather than finish the dishes, she had grabbed her coffee and sat down at the table. Thomas looked at her strangely.
"Aren't you feeling well?" He asked.
"I'm fine, just a little tired. I've had a hard couple of days this week and it's just catching up to me." It certainly was hard, she thought.
"Maybe you should take a couple of days off. I'm going to Chicago on Sunday for a week to finish up that lawsuit, why don't you come along?"
"Oh, I'll be fine. A couple of nights of rest and the week-end off should fix me right up." A good screwing would help too, she thought.
"Okay, whatever you say," Thomas said. He didn't seem too broken up by the fact she wasn't going to accompany him.
The phone cut off any answer from her. It was her best friend, Carrie, begging Jill to meet her after work and help pick out a dress for a Friday party she was planning on attending. Jill accepted immediately. It would mean she would be out when Tim got home and he would be in his room for the night by the time she got back from shopping. She wasn't sure she could face him; she didn't know how to handle this morning's incident.
Tim too was relieved to find his mother gone for the evening. He wasn't sure how to respond if she challenged him on the incident during breakfast. But as luck would have it, he saw a movie was going to be on TV that he had been waiting to see. It started at 9:00 and went until 11:00. Without giving it another thought, he stayed up to watch it. At about ten o'clock his dad put away his law book and said he was going to bed. As the movie was ending his mother arrived home. Tim couldn't face her and kept his eyes glued to the screen.
"Did your dad go to bed?" Jill asked.
"Yeah, about ten," Tim responded. He still didn't face her.
Jill walked around the chair he was sitting in and stood between him and the TV.
"You had better not let your dad catch you at the little game you're playing in the mornings." It wasn't exactly the words she meant to say.
"I won't," he said.
"That's not what I meant, Tim." She studied him for a moment. Her voice dropped to hushed tones. "You'd better be sure of what you want before you try to get it."
For the first time he looked at her. "What?"
"You heard me. Better think it over carefully." She turned and went to her bedroom.
Tim tossed and turned until the wee hours thinking over his mother's comments. But there was little doubt in his mind that come the dawn he was going to feel her ass again. He was just too hung up on her to give up. He wasn't even sure he understood her remarks.
Thursday, he again rose early and dressed minus his underwear. He was anxious to get to the kitchen, but he first had to wait until his raging hard-on had cooled slightly. Not that he wanted it flaccid. He wanted to be hard enough to force his mother's cheeks apart as he pushed against her. He was hoping her little talk would make her think he wouldn't try anything this morning. Finally he went down the hall and entered the kitchen. His mother was just leaving the table. She stopped in the middle of the room.
"Good morning, honey, you're up early this morning," she said.
"Couldn't sleep. I guess I was looking forward to getting started today."
"Would you like me to get your cereal?" Jill asked.
"No, that's okay, mom. Some things make me feel better when I do them for myself." But Tim didn't move toward the cereal shelf. He stood in the doorway into the kitchen.
Jill continued to stand in the middle of the kitchen for another moment, then surprising even herself, she picked up the dishes and cups from the table and moved to the counter. Leaning against the sink front, she began running water into the sink. She was bent over slightly with her curvy, firm ass pushed back. Tim waited only another minute then checking to see that his dad was still engrossed in his daily paper, he moved toward the cabinet above his mother's head. Quickly he found himself directly behind his mother, her form bent over the sink. It took him another few seconds to make up his mind to continue with his usual contact. Then throwing caution to the winds he moved forward. The very thought of what he was about to do and the fact that his mother had gone to the sink when she could have remained in the middle of the room until he had retrieved his cereal caused his cock to harden into a full rigid hard-on.
Tim lined up and leaned against his mother's fleshy rear-end. He heard her gasp as his rigid cock spread her cheeks. This time he knew she was aware he was doing it on purpose rather than by accident and could have stopped it if she wished. As his hand contacted the cereal box, his cock rode up and down his mother's ass. Tim risked everything by moving his cock in a fucking motion between her cheeks. He knew if his dad saw what was happening he probably would be kicked out of the house for good, but a rigid cock will not be denied. His mother stopped washing the dishes and stood with her head tilted down almost in a stance of submission. In fact for a moment, he thought he felt her pressing back against his throbbing rod. He continued his sexual advances against his mother's ass for much longer than previous incidents until his mother turned her head to look toward her husband. Tim knew she was checking to be sure they were not being observed. Still she said nothing. Finally his sanity returned and he grabbed the cereal box and pulled his cock away from her curved posterior. He heard her sigh and straighten up and begin to again rinse the dishes as she had in the past. He ate quickly as under the table his hand was trying to press his hard cock down where it wouldn't be visible when he got up to leave. Finally he finished. He told his dad good-bye and then doing something he seldom had done since he became a teenager he walked to the sink and kissed his mother on the back of her neck.
"Bye, mom, see you tonight."
He heard her gasp at his kiss and she turned her head and looked him in the eye.
"Good-bye, honey, I'll see you when you get home."
He couldn't read the look in her eyes, but it certainly didnt look encouraging. He knew he was in for a lecture when she got home that evening. He hoped that was all it was going to be.
Jill was stunned by the morning's events. She was well aware she could have waited until Tim got his cereal before she moved to the sink. By not waiting she had opened herself up to the incestual contact. She tried to claim to herself that she didn't have time to wait, that she had to get the dishes rinsed off and get ready for work. But that didn't explain why her pussy had began to flood when she saw Tim waiting by the door for her to go to the sink. It didn't explain why she was so wet at this very moment that she wondered if her juices were going to saturate her panties and run down her leg for everyone to view. The question she was afraid to ask herself was what was she going to do about her eighteen-year-old son dry fucking her every morning at breakfast. She knew what she would like to do, but mothers didn't do that with their sons. All day she was in a confused state, making errors she would never have made. Every time she sat down in her office chair she thought she felt his cock pressed against her ass. By the time she drove into the driveway at home she was able to think of nothing else. She wasn't prepared for her son arriving at the same time as a friend dropped him off at the end of the drive.
Tim walked up to his mother and took hold of her door just as she spread her legs to get out of her car. He was treated to a panty shot as her skirt slid to her crotch. Her panty hose tops were sheer, which hardly blocked his view. Jill was unable to recover from her actions by lifting her other leg quick enough to close the wide spread, so for what seemed to them both like minutes, but were in reality seconds, she was wide open to his searching eyes. In the past he would have turned away, but now he couldn't tear his gaze from her displayed charms.
"If you like looking at my panties that much, When I take them off I'll give them to you. Or were you expecting a view of something else?" Jill said a touch of irritation in her voice.
"I'm sorry, mom, but I couldn't help it, you're not like a mom, you're beautiful."
Jill was stunned. Of all the things Tim could have said he had blurted out the one thing that could cool her anger. He hadn't tried to lie out of it or come up with a smart remark, but had told her exactly how he felt. She had taught him since he was a baby to tell the truth and take your punishment.
"But, honey, are you forgetting I'm your mother? What's been happening lately isn't proper behavior between a mother and son."
Mom, you told me to be sure of what I wanted before I try to get it. Well I'm sure of what I want."
"Tim, I didn't really mean that. What you're thinking just can't happen, honey, it just can't." Jill suddenly realized that all during their talk she had never closed her legs. God, it was no wonder he was acting like he was. She stood up, pushed the car door shut and fled toward the house. The situation had gotten out of hand. Her feelings were getting in the way of her morals.
Friday morning the phone rang before six. The manufacturing facility Jill helped manage was experiencing difficulties and they needed her right away. She dressed quickly and left before Tim was up. She was thankful she had postponed another incident with her horny son. Tomorrow was Saturday, maybe she would get a chance to cool down his raging hormones before things got totally out of hand.
Tim ate his breakfast in silence and the whole day at school he was edgy and hard to get along with. His best friend called him a jerk. Tim of course didn't try to explain. What could he say, I'm mad because I didn't get to push my dick against my mother's number ten rated ass? When dinner was over he went straight to his room. His mother had put on a robe that reached from her ankle to her chin. He wasn't likely to get any views of her gorgeous body anyway. He went to bed looking forward to morning.
As Tim walked into the kitchen the next day, he heard his dad pulling out of the drive on his way to play golf. Jill was sitting at the kitchen table drinking her coffee. She shook with tension when Tim came through the doorway.
"You're up early for a Saturday," she said. Her gaze flicked to his crotch where he already was showing a sizeable bulge. Her mouth went dry, but her pussy began to flood. God, she thought, I'm like a teenager, ready for sex when a male walks by. But she wasn't ready for sex, well at least she shouldn't be, this was her son she was lusting after.
"It's the first day of my life. I graduate Tuesday night and "That...that...that's all folks. So officially I'm done."
"And in two months you'll be leaving for college."
Tim had stopped just inside the door. Once he glanced at the cereal cabinet but didn't bother to move in that direction.
Jill was aware of his actions and kept telling herself not to give him any opportunity to force himself against her. The phone jarred her out of her thoughts, and without thinking she rose and went to answer it. The phone was mounted on the cabinet end next to the window by the sink. She stopped in front of the sink and pulled the white receiver to her ear. It was her friend Carrie, anxious to tell her about the fabulous party of the previous evening.
Tim was surprised by the thin, filmy, nylon gown his mother was wearing. It was pale orange and her bikini style sleeping panties were plainly visible underneath. He couldn't see a bra. He was instantly hard. He stood admiring her beautiful back, her rounded hips, her curvy ass, and shapely legs. Finally he moved forward to a position behind her. The crevice between her cheeks was a shadow under the gown and panties. He had deliberately worn an old pair of shorts worn thin from age and no underwear. His cock had grown to massive proportions. He positioned himself directly behind his mother and only inches away. Forgetting all consequences, he laid his hands on her hips and thrust forward. His solid rod easily separated the cheeks of her ass and he suddenly found himself lodged between the shapely flesh.
"Ohhh, Tim," Jill said. "Ohhh, no."
Tim had leaned against Jill and his head was close enough to hear Carrie on the phone.
"What's wrong, Jill? What's going on?" Carrie said.
"Ahh...ahh Tim just spilled some hot stuff all over the place. I have to go. I'll call you later. Bye," Jill told her friend.
Tim pushed his hands around her waist until they met under her breasts. He could feel the weight of them resting on his wrists. His cock got harder. He thrust forward a little more, burying himself even deeper between her spheres.
Jill squirmed, trying to get free of her son's grasp, but only succeeded in creating a fucking motion between them.
"Tim, no, no, honey, don't do this. You shouldn't have your, your penis against me like that. I'm your mother."
Tim lowered himself slightly and then thrust inward and upward against his mother. "But, mom you said to go after what I wanted, and I want you."
"Ungggg," Jill grunted as Tim's cock drove between her ass cheeks. He didn't realize it but the last thrust had slid right along her puckered little hole. She felt her pussy flood and her nipples get hard. God, he is big, she thought. "Honey, you shouldn't want your own mother like that. Come on, Tim let me go." She continued to struggle, which only increased the friction between their bodies. As his cock again thrust along her rear entrance, she tried to drop down some so his cock would be higher on her ass and not near her opening, but she forgot the position of his hands. As she dropped, his hands slid up her body and suddenly he had both hands full of Jill's 36 c breasts. They were equally surprised. Her hard nipples pressed into his palms and the thin material offered no protection for her. She may as well have been naked. Tim quickly took advantage of the accidental gift. He began kneading her tits. Jill squirmed harder than before.
"Tim, quit. Let go of my tits; quit feeling me like that. She started to spin one way then reversed her direction. The ploy worked and she was able to spin around. But Jill realized her mistake when she found herself face to face with her son and his rigid cock buried against her pussy mound. Tim too was caught unaware. It took him a moment to realize his good fortune. He dipped slightly and thrust hard against the v between her thighs. His cock head lodged against the slit of her pussy. It was almost as if he had penetrated her. She gasped. While she was still trying to keep Tim from making any more attacks into her private parts, Tim did the one thing that had entered neither of their minds. He looked at his mothers face only inches in front of him. Her wet mouth and red full parted lips struck a chord in his male heart. He kissed her, full on the lips. Jill stopped struggling as the shock of the contact registered. Before she could fully understand the forbidden action, her body responded. Her lips opened, her tongue darted out and her pelvis thrust against the hard rod lodged against it. For longer than either of them would have believed, mother and son sucked, and thrust tongue against tongue, cock against pussy, nipple against chest and palm.
While her body was saying yes, yes, Jill's mind was screaming no, no. Finally she forced Tim back. The shock of their kiss had caused him to relax his hold around her. Jill slipped away and moved to the middle of the room.
"Tim, Tim, my God, what are you doing, what are we doing? Stop this right now. You act like you're trying to fuck me."
Tim had never heard his mother swear before except for an occasional damn, or hell. The word fuck was a surprise. But it gave him the right to use the same terms.
"But I do want to ahh...fuck you. I love you and besides you kissed me back and pushed your, your pussy against me when we were kissing, so I know you want it too."
"Tim, I love you too. I'm your mother, we're supposed to love each other but not like a girlfriend-boyfriend or a husband-wife love. As far as me responding to your kiss, women's bodies sometime react to sexual contacts that they don't really want. I'll admit I felt good when you were thrusting against me, after all you are very manly and sexually well endowed, any girl would have responded the same. And I also admit your kiss excited me for a minute, but then reality set in and I no longer wanted you to continue. As for you wanting to...fuck me, well, honey, at your age boys want to fuck anything with a pussy." Jill grinned to take the sting out of the put-down and to lessen the tension between them.
"That's not true, mom, most of the girls in school don't even interest me. But when I see you, I am ready to do it in an instant. I would sooner ahh fuck you than any girl I know. I would be happy just to see you naked and feel you."
"Tim. That is exactly the thing that has to stop. You can't go around trying to have sex with your mother. Now why don't you go to your room and cool off a little then come down and I'll fix you a nice breakfast."
"I will be cool in my room, but the minute I come back down stairs and see you I'll want to make love to you."
Tim went to his room and stretched out on the bed, replaying in his mind the scene in the kitchen. She had kissed him back and thrust her pussy against him. True, after she thought about it she claimed she didn't want to do it anymore, but he was sure that was her head talking not her heart. He had to get her thinking with her heart or better yet, her pussy.
As Tim left the kitchen, Jill sank into a chair at the table. Her nipples were hard; pushing her thin pajamas into little tents over her rounded breasts. Her channel was flooding with her sweet juice and the lips of her pussy were puffy. She felt her engorged clit rub the thin panties as it grew firm from the contact with Tim's cock when he thrust against her. It had been so tempting to just let him fuck her right there against the sink, to force his big cock into her needy pussy but she had not been able to let herself go. Had he forced her just a little, however, he would have attained his goal. Did she dare allow a little sexual play to occur between herself and her son? She wouldn't let him fuck her of course, but would a little fingering and dry fucking really hurt anyone? She knew she was rationalizing, making it seem less a violation, making her seem less than a morally, corrupt, incestuous mother. Suddenly she knew what she would do. She would play her own little game with her son and see if he could handle a stronger form of sexual by-play, and tonight would be an ideal time. More nectar flowed into her hot channel as she thought of what she was going to do to her son and his hard cock.
Tim left the house early in the evening but in his usual fashion told his mother he would be home by midnight. Jill immediately began to put her plan into action. She knew her husband well. One of the few nights of the week when he watched TV was Saturday. Jill beat him to the program listings in the paper and pretending to scan them she announced that there were no good programs to watch. Thomas, her husband, picked up one of his law books and began to read cursing under his breath about the poor programming on the TV. Jill smiled in spite of herself. By ten PM Thomas' head was nodding and he was rubbing his eyes.
"Since you have such a big day tomorrow what with flying, registration and meetings maybe you should take one of your high potency sleeping pills the doctor prescribed to guarantee you a good nights sleep."
"Maybe I will, even though I don't like them. They knock me out for eight hours and the devil himself couldn't wake me."
"If you take one now and go to bed you should wake up by six-thirty and feel ready to tackle what promises to be a difficult day."
"Okay, I guess I'll go right up and get my shower; should be in bed by ten-thirty."
Jill smiled. Perfect, she thought, he won't hear a thing the rest of the night.
At eleven fifteen Jill went to her bedroom and after checking to be sure Thomas was indeed out like a light, she took her shower, then put on a baby doll set of PJ's. The top was white and completely see-through. It stopped exactly at her pussy. The panties were also sheer and bikini cut. When she looked at herself in the mirror, she blushed. Absolutely nothing was hidden from view. She took a tube of KY jelly from her bathroom drawer and placed it on the nightstand. She climbed into bed next to her husband and waited for Tim to get home.
Tim quietly passed her bedroom door at eleven-forty-five. By this time Jill was more than ready for her little end of the game. She waited until she heard Tim leave his bedroom and head down the hall for the bathroom until she slipped quietly from her bed. Picking up the tube of KY jelly she padded barefoot down the hall. As usual, Tim had failed to close the door all the way assuming that no one else was up at this time. Without knocking Jill pushed the door open and walked in. Tim was standing naked in the middle of the room just getting ready to turn on the shower for his bath. He saw her out of the corner of his eye and whipped around.
"Mom, holy cow you should have knocked." He tried unsuccessfully to cover his slowly rising cock.
"Why? Your game playing made me think you wanted me to see you naked?"
"Well, well, yeah, I guess," he stammered.
"Do you like the way I look or would you like to see me naked too?"
For the first time Tim took a good look at his mother's PJ's. At her nipples standing firm and hard, erect under the thin material, and her dark pussy hair forming a small patch at the v of her legs.
"Wow you look good the way you are."
"Oh, you mean you want me to stay dressed, you don't want to see me naked?"
"No, I mean yes¡ I mean no I don't want you to stay like that¡ yes, I do want to see you naked.
Jill turned away from him and hooking her thumbs in her panties, she slid the transparent bikini's over her hips and down her legs, bending over as she reached her ankles. As she stood bent over Tim was treated to a full view of her beautiful shaped ass and tucked between her legs, her glistening clamshell pussy now slightly opened with lust.
Tim gasped with pleasure. Unable to believe this was his mother showing him her naked ass and pussy.
With no hesitation, Jill took the top off the tube of jelly.
"Come here," she said.
Tim took the two steps to move within inches of her.
"Hold out your hand."
Tim gingerly stuck out his hand unsure of her intentions. Jill squirted a liberal amount of the jelly into his palm.
She turned her back to him. "Now grease my ass; make me slippery. And whatever you do, be quiet, we don't want to wake your father."
Tim stood unbelieving for a full minute.
"If you want to do what you like doing to my ass, you'd better hurry."
Tim carefully reached out and slid his hand over her firm curves. After only seconds he was using both hands to cover her full cheeks.
"Get between them too, don't miss anyplace," Jill said in a husky voice. Her channel was flooding and she felt ready to grab his cock and ride it until she was too weak to move.
Tim finally worked up the courage to slip his fingers between the globes of his mother's ass. It was the most exciting thing he had ever done. She didn't even yell at him when he slid across her tight puckered opening not once but three times. The last two times deliberately. He almost shot his load all over the beautiful body before him.
"Okay, that should be enough," she said. Jill turned and looked at her son, then raising on her tip-toes, she kissed him full on the lips. Before his arms could encircle her she twisted away. Walking to the counter she faced the mirror and bent over slightly.
"Okay, baby, do what you like to do to Mommy's butt."
Tim stood frozen. He was in shock, unable to act.
"Come on, honey, slide your cock into your favorite spot. Or don't you want to slip your cock between my ass cheeks?"
With a little cry, he lurched forward and laid his rigid hard-on against her the same as he had been doing every morning for a week. The slippery flesh allowed his member to slide easily into the crevice until he was all the way against her puckered hole. Jill groaned and Tim gasped for air as he began to hyperventilate. He quickly recovered and grasping his mother's hips he began a fucking motion up and down between the lubricated globes. He could feel the fluid building in his balls and suddenly after less than a dozen strokes it was rocketing up the tube.
"Mom, mom. Uhh, ohh, ohh, mom." The juice spewed from the end of his cock between Jill's hot slippery cheeks and up onto her back.
Jill's orgasm was so violent she almost fell. Unable to resist, she thrust her ass against his erupting rod. Tim continued to thrust up and down, fucking between her glorious ass cheeks. Finally he became too weak to maintain the movement and he stood unmoving with his cock buried between the inviting orbs.
"Oh, mom, that was, that was-ahh the greatest thing I ever felt."
Jill stood up and her son's cock slipped from its resting place. She faced her son. His cock was still half-hard and sticking out in front of him like a banner. It was all of seven inches long and bigger around than his father's by a considerable amount. Jill decided there was going to be a little more to the evening than she had originally planned.
"God, honey, you were really ready weren't you?" she said. "Well mommy was too. You made mommy cum, something I didn't expect to happen tonight." She walked across the room and putting the lid down she sat down on the toilet.
"Come here, honey," she said beckoning with her hand.
Tim approached her, his cock leading the way. He was still in shock from the night's events and moved as though in a trance. He stopped in front of her. Tim watched in awe as Jill reached out and wrapped her fingers around his still firm cock. Immediately the blood rushed to his meaty tube and it turned to a hard pole of flesh.
"Baby still needs to cum some more, doesn't he?" Jill began a slow movement of her hand up and down. Pausing at the top to tickle the little hole and rub the sensitive ridge around the head. Tim groaned; his eyes locked on to the exotic sight. Then she squeezed the hard mass and drove down to his balls as she cupped them with her free hand. Her hands were now coated with the slippery jelly from his cock and she began rapid strokes up and down the towering flesh. Tim thrust his hips forward as the speed of Jill's hands increased. Mother and son stared at the purple headed rod disappearing and emerging from the top of her fist. Both knew this was only the beginning of their sexual sessions. They had crossed the line, incest or not this was only the preliminary to their sexual play.
"Come on, baby, cum for mommy, shoot your juice for me."
"Can I touch your...your breasts?" he said.
Jill took the hand that had been caressing Tim's balls and raised the baby-doll top pulling the flimsy material over her head. Now she was fully exposed to her son.
"Feel mommy's tits, honey, but just for a little bit, until you shoot."
Tim needed no urging, He took in her perfect size thirty-six c tits that he remembered from her bra size His hand hefted the nearest tit and tweaked the hard nipple, Jill sighed as his hot fingers pulled on the sensitive flesh.
"Some night, I'll let you suck them. Would you like that?"
"Oh, God, mom, yes, I'd love to suck on you. Ohh, mom feeling your tits and talking like that is going to make me cum."
"Yeah, honey, cum, cum for mommy, shoot, baby."
"Mom, ohhhh, mom, mom, mom ohhhhh." The white ropes of cum spouted from the purple head Jill was pumping and rained down the front of her body. Her tits suddenly had white streaks across them. Even one nipple was dripping with her son's cum. Tim shot string after string of juice, as his mother jacked-off his hard meat.
"Oh, honey, that's a lot for the second time. And you're still hard. I'll bet you could cum again if we tried. But I think that's enough for tonight. You said this was what you wanted, Well, baby, you've got it. You had better be prepared to keep this little game up. And during the day and especially at breakfast there will be nothing said or done that reveals what is happening, clear?"
"Oh, you bet, mom, that's clear. I wouldn't do anything to cause this to stop."
"Good." Jill stood up and started to walk from the room. Half way to the door, she stopped. "I know you are just dying to feel my pussy aren't you." When Tim nodded, She walked back to him and took his hand in hers, guiding it between her legs. She allowed him to take one swipe the length of her wet open channel. She guided his middle finger in a little bit so he could tell he was actually feeling her pussy opening, then pulled his hand back. "Now you know in your own mind that you have felt your mother's tits and pussy. That should give you enough masturbation ammunition to last during the times we can't get together." Jill kissed him on the mouth that was open with surprise. And, still naked, she left the bathroom and returned to her bed. Her husband lay snoring in almost the same spot he had been in when she left. She wiped her still wet hand on the sheets near her head. She would change them tomorrow, but right now she wanted to smell her son's juice. Before wiping the cum off her tits with a tissue she dipped one finger in the white streak and touched it to her tongue. She had never tasted cum before; she had never wanted to, now she wanted her son to shoot his load into her mouth. God, she was becoming a slut as well as an immoral, incestuous mother.
She smiled to herself as she heard her son being sick in the bathroom. He had just found out that the real thing was a lot more shattering than the fantasy. It was one thing to dream of having a sexual liaison with your mother; it was a lot different when it really happened. She wondered how he would feel when she let him fuck her.
