Tim and Jeff had hated Billy for the longest time. Ever since grade school they looked down on him with nothing but scorn and envy. They were both bitter, hormonal teenagers, 18 and angry at the world. Since he was little, Billy had led a carefree, happy life.
Billy's mother, Amy Robertson, was an attractive woman in her mid 30s, who loved her son very dearly and walked him to school every morning. It was this kind of smothering which led Billy to have quite a sheltered and wimpy personality, which Tim and Jeff loathed him for. They had always been bullies and "fish" like Billy were easy pickings to use to feed their feed their ego as well as give them cheap thrills.
With her shapely and round behind, Amy attracted the attention of all the boys she walked passed, and a few teachers too. It didn't help that she often wore very tight, constricting clothes which only emphasized her figure. Unfortunately, she was so innocent and naive in nature, she barely realized this. Tim and Jeff loved to eyeball her as she walked by every day and would often make crude gestures behind her back which she often missed but sent knots forming in Billy's stomach every time he saw them looking. Although she was vaguely aware that Tim and Jeff harassed her son, she wrote them off as nothing more than mischievous teenagers.
"Just ignore them, honey." She'd say as she caught Billy cowering from their grinning faces.
Tim thought she had great tits, and he was right. She had a pretty face and lovely flowing brown hair. She was about 5'11 and very well rounded with a very shapely figure and was often described as "cute" and "adorable", despite the fact that she was in her mid-thirties.
As long as he could remember, Tim wanted to fuck her. Jeff also had an immense desire to have sex with her since the first time he saw her walk Billy to school, which happened soon after he complained of being bullied. The two would alleviate this by regularly jacking off to thoughts about fucking her and often discussed fantasies of what they'd like to do to her.
Because of this Tim and Jeff took special delight in tormenting Billy and made it a habit to pick on him. They tormented him relentlessly but there was little he could do without substantial evidence. If he ever cried to the teachers, it would just be dismissed as schoolyard rough housing and boys being boys. Tim and Jeff would take advantage of this and made sure not to leave any obvious bruises or wounds, and made most of their tormenting psychological rather than physical.
"Hey Billy, I'd gonna fuck your mom right up her sweet ass." Tim would say.
"Yeah, and she'd be sucking my cock at the same time." Jeff would follow, laughing.
Since Billy was so utterly afraid of them he didn't know how to respond to this, wishing that they'd just leave him alone. He was protective of his mother and too much of a wimp to do anything about it.
The nature of their bullying was also often mental rather than physical because Tim and Jeff were pretty perverted. They actually got off talking about his mother in such a derigatory way to her son.
Soon this news got to Billy's mother and father, who were obviously upset about these incidents. However, Tim and Jeff always got away without reprehension as they were just 18 year old students. Billy, who had only just turned 18, felt helpless. It became more and more common for his mother to walk him to and from school to avoid bullying, much to Tim and Jeff's pleasure.
Soon she could feel them stare her up and down as she waited for her son to come out of his lessons, and hated herself for being put in such a submissive situation against her will. What else could she do if her son faced constant abuse?
Jeff loved every second of it.
"Holy shit dude, my cock gets rock hard every time I see that bitch." He said, adjusting his boner and lying down on his bed. "Even thinking about her is enough to make me blow my load."
"I know man," Tim said, turning away from the porn on Jeff's computer momentarily. "You see what she was wearing yesterday? Those fucking tight-ass pants? That bitch knows what she's doing. I bet she fucking loves us staring her down like that. What I wouldn't give to bone her."
Jeff sat up grinning. "Tell me about it. I'd fuck her six ways from Sunday!" The two laughed, continuing to look at MILF porn. Suddenly, an idea popped into his head.
"You know," Jeff began. "Halloween's just round the corner..."
Tim smirked, he had an idea where Jeff was going with this. Every year the two would use it as an excuse to cause mischief and mayhem from a young age, but as they got older their acts became more and more daring. He knew things were gonna be a little different this year.
"All we have to do is find out where they live." Jeff said.
"Oh man, just thinking about it is making me hard. The things I'd love to do to that bitch." It was hard to believe such words escaped the mouths of these two teens, but the truth is they had always been like this. Surely enough, the next day of school began and they cornered Billy.
"Hey Billy, how's it going?" Jeff began, placing his arm around Billy's shoulder, which looked innocent from afar but in actuality was very dominating and frightening to him.
"A-Alright. Things are okay, I guess..." He stuttered.
"That's good." Tim reassured.
"Say, where do you live Billy ol' boy?" Jeff asked, leaning in, unable to conceal his smile at the thoughts in his mind.
"Err... why do you want to know that?" Billy stammered out nervously.
"What the fuck is your problem?" Tim barked angrily, scaring him. "Here we are, trying to be nice, and you have to give us shit. Just tell us where the fuck you live! "
"T-Twelve Roseway Street!" he yelled, terrified. He'd been beaten by these guys before and they always got away with it.
"Good." Jeff said, before kicking him in stomach. Tim joined him, cackling as they did so.
"That day, they followed him home from school just to make sure he gave the right address. Halloween would be the best opportunity to fuck with him and his mom, and they couldn't blow this chance. As ever, Amy was waiting for him at the front door on the rare days she never picked him up from school.
Tim and Jeff grinned at her in a perverted way as she took Billy into her embrace, staring at them with false defiance. As soon as she made eye contact they wolf whistled at her. The truth is they made her nervous. She closed the door and told Billy not to hang around with them anymore. They hung around for a while, scoping out the house and just taking perverse pleasure in knowing where she lived, much to the terror of Billy. No siblings. No wonder Billy was so coddled. Even his father only had the courage to frown and glance out of the window a few times, but it was obvious he didn't want any trouble.
"What a wimp." Jeff said. "If I was him I'd be banging her every minute of the day, but there he is just reading the paper. Fuck, she's hot. Look at him, he's just some scrawny old dude." He laughed.
Now that they knew where she lived, they eagerly looked forward to Halloween. That would be their chance to get what they finally wanted. They were used to terrifying the local kids and vandalizing the houses of people who annoyed them but this year really was gonna be different. As they walked home they discussed perverse things.
"You know if we end up breaking in and looking around I'm definitely gonna steal some of her dirty panties. What type you think she wears? Probably granny panties." He laughed.
"Nah dude," Jeff said. "I bet she's the type of slut who likes to seem prim and proper but actually wears sexy as fuck underwear. Lacy shit. I guarantee you her dickweasel of a husband doesn't make her feel like a woman."
For the next week or so this type of talk carried on and they found the ideas they discussed becoming more and more daring. The only thing they jerked off to now was MILF porn and they could barely contain themselves. They even took following her and photographing her ass with their cameraphones, making no effort to hide it.
Finally, when Halloween came around they headed straight over to Billy's house. They knew what they wanted and knew they had to savour all the time they could. They arrived at the front door.
"This is it dude." Jeff said. They knocked harshly three times.
"Trick or treat!" they said in unison as she answered.
"Well!" Came Amy's reply, unable to recognize them in their cheaply made ghost costumes. "Aren't you big ghosts!" She said, holding out candy.
"I sure am!" Tim laughed. Amy raised an eyebrow at this. She looked incredibly sexy in her genie costume, which was made up of silk and transparent materials, doing little to hide her enormous cleavage with her 34D breasts, which Tim and Jeff's eyes were glued to.
"Well, here you are." She said, giving them an equal helping of candy each. She was wearing tight purple sweat pants that complimented her figure and especially her ass.
"Oh no," Jeff said, stepping forward and keeping her from closing the door. "We're gonna need a LOT more than that to be convinced not to trick." He stared at her tits and made no attempt to hide it. This immediately made her feel uncomfortable.
"I think you two should go," She said, trying to close the door. Jeff held it open.
"What's the rush?" He said, stepping in. "We're good buddies with Billy!" Tim followed.
They grabbed her and immediately silenced any sounds she made with their hands. Hey eyes were wide with disbelief as they held her and dragged her into the living room and she was too shocked at the sudden intrusion to do anything. They were in too deep to turn back now, but that just added to the excitement. Being teenage boys, their hands roamed everywhere. Tim grabbed a handful of her shapely ass as the two pressed and rubbed themselves up against her, pushing her back into her house. She could feel Jeff's erection through his pants as Tim kicked the door shut behind him and turned off the patio light to dissuade any more trick or treaters.
"Holy shit dude, grab a feel of her ass! It's just like I imagined." Jeff said, and he was right. It was incredibly soft, yet firm. He grabbed it roughly which made her squeal.
"Her tits are great as well!" Tim said excitedly, grabbing her with his free left hand as his right grabbed her other ass cheek. She was being utterly molested by these two boys and could feel their massive hard-ons through their jeans. Tim grabbed her pussy roughly which made her yelp, since the material was so thin.
Billy heard this from upstairs but dismissed it as her simply tripping, since she was kind of clumsy. Meanwhile, Amy was terrified, here were these two teenage boys, forcing themselves into her home. Her husband was out with friends, not that he'd be able to help anyway, small in size and cowardly as he was.
Billy, too, was always quiet and afraid. She was always the one who did the fighting for him, and at this moment he was in his room on the computer. She had no idea what to do. Her head buzzed with terror as Tim and Jeff took off their masks.
"Y-you!" She managed to stammer out. Jeff pulled her arm and then pushed her by her heaving breasts into the living room, she covered them up protectively as they both took a seat on the couch, put their feet up on the coffee table and made themselves at home. They already had everything pretty much planned out. They were big enough to stop her from doing anything too drastic and since Amy had never been in this situation before, she wasn't entirely sure what to do.
"I want you to leave right now." She said in hopeful defiance.
"Nah, I'd rather stay here for a bit." Tim said, adjusting his crotch and leaning back.
"W-what do you want?" She said.
Jeff ignored her question and said "Why don't you get me something to drink?"
She couldn't believe it as she felt herself walk to the kitchen to fetch something, almost as though she were in a trance. In the back of her mind she thought maybe if she just gave them a drink they'd quickly leave, but she knew this wasn't true. As her shapely ass jiggled while she walked away, Tim and Jeff knowingly smiled at each other trying not to laugh. They weren't entirely sure what they were gonna do, but they loved being here, in another man's home, molesting his wife and just taking charge of the place.
"She's fucking terrified! She'll do anything we want her to." Tim said excitedly, already rubbing his cock at the thought. When she returned, Jeff smiled as he looked her up and down.
"Well, we want to work out a deal." He said, taking a sip of her husband's beer.
"What kind of deal?" She asked.
"You know we pick on your son, right?" Jeff asked rhetorically. "What if I told you we'd cut all of that shit out?" She wasn't used to being spoken to like this, especially not by some 18 year old kid.
Frowning and feigning courage, she considered it. Even with this look on her face, she still looked flustered and cute.
"G-go on..." She said.
"All you have to do... is do us a few favours." Tim chimed in slowly, rubbing his cock and smiling at her.
"Right..." said Jeff. "Just a few favours."
"What kind of favours?" She asked, beginning to realize what these two perverts were thinking.
"Oh, I think you know what kind." Jeff said, confidently. Looking her up and down, then smelling the lacy part of her genie costume that fell off.
It was only then that the realization fully hit her.
"Forget it!" She yelled, alerting her son. His heart jumped. "I want you to leave right now!"
This one sentence terrified Billy, slowly creeping downstairs.
"Hey, hey, no need to shout." Jeff said, putting his feet up on the table and adjusting his cock. "It's not like you even have any choice anyway. Hell, if I wanted I could fuck your pretty little face right now."
This one sentenced tied Billy's stomach in knots and left Amy speechless. He couldn't believe they were speaking to his mother this way. His mother was equally terrified. She was good at putting on a brave face but the truth is she couldn't stand up to these two.
"Why don't you just make it easier on you and your son and just go down on me right now? Jeff said, uncrossing his legs and widening them, rubbing his cock. She stood terrified. Tim smiled.
"Do it." He said, unzipping his pants. She still stood, frowning.
"And if I do this..." She began slowly. "You'll leave my son alone?" She asked, unable to take her eyes off of his throbbing cock. There was something betraying her in the back of her mind. She hated these two. Loathed them. Was terrified of them... but she knew his cock was bigger than her husband's.
Billy couldn't believe she was even considering it. He wanted to rush in there but he was simply too afraid. All he could do was helplessly watch.
"Yep." Jeff said, knowing full well this was a lie and trying to keep his cool. She reluctantly stepped forward. Inside Jeff was ready to burst and couldn't believe this was happening, he was seconds away from getting his cock sucked by this woman. He knew it was his demanding and bullying nature that got him this far, that held her in his grasp.
"Hold on, bitch." Jeff said. Her eyes widened at this change of tone.
"Strip down first. I don't wanna get my dick sucked while you're still fully clothed."
She reluctantly began to slide off her pants. In a trance, she couldn't believe she was doing this. Her tight purple sweatpants clung to her soft, smooth skin as she slowly undressed and made them all the more eager.
"Do it sexily. Slowly. Good. Now bring your sexy little ass over here and grind it up against me." He carried on.
"G-grind...?" She asked. Still looking at his cock.
"Rub your ass against my cock you dumb slut."
She slid her skin tight pants off and moved slowly over to him, she was only in her shiny purple silk underwear now.
"See, I told you dude." Jeff said, referring to her panties. "She likes feeling like a real slut."
Amy didn't know what to say. She felt deep embarrassment at the way these two were talking to her which made her feel dirty. Part of her just wanted to get this over with.
"Bend over." He said, leaning back. "That's right, bring your ass over hear and rub it all over my cock."
She slowly bent forward in front of him, her head still buzzed with terror and couldn't believe she was doing this. He grabbed her waist and pulled her towards him. At least it wasn't sex. She tried to rationalize by thinking this is the type of thing that could accidently happen on a crowded train.
"Ohhhh yeahhhh" Jeff groaned as she felt his erection through her soft, silky panties. "That's it. Rub your ass around slowly. I bet your dumbass husband doesn't even get this kind of treatment." He loved the sensation of her soft, silky smooth ass massaging his cock and balls. He could feel her ass crack through her silk panties as he reached around and felt her pussy through the thin material.
Tim couldn't take it. Her sexy body practically naked in front of them, the fact that they had total control over her in her submissive state. He unzipped his pants and took out his 7 inch cock. He was quite big for an 18 year old and Amy couldn't hide her surprise as he pumped it up and down as he saw her submit to Jeff. He loved the idea of her being controlled. Jeff moaned in pleasure as her plump, soft ass did its work.
"Turn around. Take them off." She did as she was instructed. She kept telling herself she just wanted to get this over and done with. She could feel his cock before but she only got an idea of how big it was when it was inches from her face. She looked at it nervously. Billy couldn't take anymore and ran downstairs into the room.
"Mom! Stop!" Jeff immediately stood up and began to batter Billy.
"Stop!" His mother Amy screamed.
"You really want me to stop?" Jeff said, standing above a bruised and crying Billy.
"I'll do... anything." She meekly said.
Tim and Jeff's cocks both got rock hard at this. This was their first experience of sex other than the porn movies that they regularly watched. And the fact that it was from the mom of the kid they both most detested, and that she was the object of their desires made them unbelievably hard.
"You can start by fetching something to tie this annoying shitstain up." Jeff said, his pants around his ankles and his cock still sprung hard. She slowly got up and began to walk over to the kitchen.
"But before you go." She stopped in his tracks. Jeff grabbed her hair and pulled it back as he kissed her roughly, sticking his tongue down her throat and making smacking noises in plain view of Billy, who sat frozen in fear.
"Oh fuck yeah." Jeff said, pumping against her. This carried on for a minute or so as he lowered her to his knees and rubbed his crotch all over her soft face, leaving glimmering wads of pre-cum all over her.
"All right, bitch. Go get it." He said, sending her off with a loud slap on the ass, laughing.
"Go get some of your panties, too." Tim said. She nodded and quickly went off. Jeff used this opportunity to lean in towards Billy.
"We're gonna fuck your mom so hard..." He began. "...and make her beg for our cocks."
Tim laughed out. "The only reason I made her get her panties is so we can tie her up with them. And so I can jerk off to them later over this. A little souvenir. How's it feel knowing your mom's gone to get something to tie you up and stop you from letting us fuck her?"
They laughed. "If your dad comes home we're gonna beat the shit out of him too. It'd get me off even more if he had to watch some kid fuck his wife right in front of him." Jeff said.
Billy sat still, still frozen with terror and shame. Amy returned as Jeff kicked off his pants and shoes.
"All right." He began. He was even more confident and in control now. "Take off that lame costume."
Billy could not believe what was happening. She couldn't find any rope so duct tape would have to do. Tim tied Billy up in the corner of the room, in plain view of the couch as Jeff fondled his mom's tits as she undressed. She got down to her bra and panties, hoping they'd want nothing more than a quick feel, but she knew this probably wasn't true. She was too terrified of them not to comply. She would at least try not to be fully nude for the pleasure of these two boys.
"That'll do for now." Jeff said, savouring every moment and sitting down and leaning back on the couch. "Come over here."
"Oh god." Billy thought, as he saw his mom stand there in nothing but her bra and panties. It's really happening.
Her bra and panties were soft and silky, purple in colour and shone brightly in the room's lighting. Jeff's cocked jumped through his underwear at the sight of them. In the back of his mind, he still couldn't believe he'd gotten this far.
"Who gets first dibs?" Tim asked. Amy was still afraid and confused at the way these boys were talking about her. The sudden change of situation and these teenage intruders in her home was still something she hadn't fully comprehended. Somewhere in the back of her mind she kept telling herself that this was for everyone's best interest, as much as she hated it.
"I do." Jeff replied. Tim, being a hormonal and horny teenage boy like Jeff, frowned at this. But then, Jeff had done most of the leg work so far, so he deserved first dibs.
"Wait a second." Jeff said sternly, trying not to let his voice crack.
"Where the fuck are your panties?" Her eyes widened, she was hoping they were just mocking her. "Go get them you dumb slut."
Billy moaned in despair through the duct tape covering his mouth as they verbally and physically abused his mother. He knew what was coming and did not want to see her tied up in her own panties, especially at the hands of these two. She hurried off up the stairs to get them as Jeff and Tim watched her ass jiggle with every step.
After a moment she returned shamefully with a handful of underwear. Still sitting back on the couch, he tied her hands up with a frilly white bra strap as he admired her body. He leaned forward over her right shoulder with a pair of her maroon panties in his right hand. He fondled her breasts with his left hand and sniffed her panties audibly in front of her. She just faced forward, doing her best to hold back tears and just wanting this whole ordeal to be over.
Jeff's young exploring hands traced down over her stomach and to her crotch. She tried to close her legs but that just made him grab rougher. He stuffed the pair of panties in her mouth just because he liked the way it looked. Soon he traced his fingers over her pussy slit.
"You seem quite tight." She squealed as he traced a singer over her clit.
"Doesn't that dickweasel of a husband fuck you much? I wouldn't be surprised if all you had to show for it was that loser over there." Tim and Jeff both laughed.
"Maybe you're so tight..." Jeff said, sticking his hand down her panties and into her cunt. "...because your husband's got such a tiny dick?" They laughed even harder.
"Dude she is actually fucking wet..." Jeff said, rubbing up against her and taking a huge whiff of his fingers.
Tim still had his cock out and was enjoying himself with Amy's underwear to get himself horny enough for when it was his turn.
"All right. Fuck. I'm ready to shoot such a thick load." Jeff said, thrusting against her ass.
"Get up, turn around, get on your knees and get my cock out." He knew exactly what he wanted.
She slowly got on her knees in front of him. Billy watched on in horror as she lowered her head to his crotch.
"Oh fuck." He said, unable to wait. "Get your face here. He pulled her down to the bulge erupting from his underwear. "Suck on it."
"Oh my god..." She said as she slowly leaned down and wrapped her mouth around the bulge. She hated it.
"That's it, breathe on it..." Jeff was loving the feel of her mouth and the warm breath over his cock. He pulled the back of her head tightly into his crotch as he experienced this wonderful sensation. Amy could feel all the little cotton fibers on her tongue as well as the smell and feel of his cock.
"Now give me a blowjob." He said finally. "I've always wanted to fuck your pretty face. Shit. I forgot. Your hands are tied. Them them down with your teeth." He said, looking down at her and smiling devilishly. She still couldn't believe this was happening. How did this 18 year old get the better of her? She tried in vain to pull his underwear down with her teeth but couldn't quite get a hold. It was more like a sloppy kiss on the top of his crotch which just ending up turning him on even more.
Billy could see the back of her, on her knees in nothing but her bra and panties, hands tied behind her back with her lacey underwear and her wonderfully bubbly ass jiggling as her head was rubbing around his crotch. After a while Jeff couldn't take it anymore and just pulled his underwear down. His cock sprung out finally and hit her in the face. She couldn't hide her surprise at the sheer size of it, much to Jeff's pleasure. He grabbed the back of her head and pulled her mouth onto it, gagging her.
"That's it. Just suck on that cock." For the next few minutes, Billy sat and watched as his mother bobbed her head up and down the cock of the boy who bullied him at school. Jeff thrust his hips and cock into her face as he leaned back on the couch. The feel of her mouth slobbering up and down his cock was incredible. Even if she didn't realize it she was doing a wonderful job sucking his cock until her cheeks went and inward and massaged his shaft with her tongue.
"Ohhhh yeahhhh..." He said, eyes closed and leaning back. He slid his fingers into her hair and grabbed her head, pushing it further down onto his cock. Soon he pulled out and smacked his dick on her lips as she looked up and scowled at him. He smiled and lifted up his cock.
"Suck on my balls."
"That's disgusting!" She said in nervous surprise.
"You want me to beat the shit out of your kid in front of you?"
He immediately pushed her face over his balls and was about ready to blow as she complied. Taking his balls into his mouth and she made smacking noises so loud even Billy could hear.
"She's doing a great job sucking my nuts, Billy!" Jeff shouted as he gave her a condescending pat on the head.
"Suck that shit!" He said as he pushed her head back down onto his cock, until she gagged. Her nose was pushed right up against his pubic hair, forcing her to take in his smells. He decided to let her do all the work as he leaned back with his arms behind his head and enjoyed the sensations of her mouth as she continually bobbed her head up and down in steady rhythm. He even took another sip of her husband's beer.
"The night's just gonna get better from here..."
She bobbed her head up and down in steady rhythm along his 7 inch shaft perfectly under his control, as he gripped the side of her head and cupped her ears, pumping into her face enthusiastically.
"Awwww, Tim. You would not believe how soft and warm this little slut's mouth is." Jeff said, now lifting his hips from the sofa to fuck her face harder.
Tim moaned under his breath as he used the dirty panties she got for him earlier to masturbate with. "Fuck dude, hurry up with the slut..."
All the while, Billy was watching this whole ordeal as he was tied up to the corner of his room as he heard his mom slurp, gag and basically provide herself as an object against her will for the two kids who bullied him mercilessly at school.
Jeff had always been a perverted teenager and his cock at this moment had never been so hard in his entire life. Here he was, in another's man's house, fucking his wife in the face against her will as their son watched. The stupid bastard wasn't even home right now, Jeff wondered if the poor sap knew that at this moment in time his wife was gagging on the cock of some punk kid who beat his son's ass daily.
This thought got Jeff so hard his cock swelled even huger, gagging Amy's throat more and more by the second. He used this opportunity to move his left hand to her soft throat, and his right hand to the back of her head, gripping her sensual hair and securing her head even harder.
Amy felt as she was being lowered all the way to the base of his cock, her nose was being pushed right into his pubes and being forced to take in his sweaty teenage smells. He held her their for what seemed like an eternity and lifted his hips up from the couch and just rocked against her face, slowly gagging her. He held her tightly by the head and swirled his hips around.
"Ulk! Gughghulkh! Ummmmmmmgulk!!!" were all the sounds that Amy could make as Billy did his best to drown them out.
"Holy shit." Tim said, still holding a pair of her soft, sweet smelling shiny maroon panties and massaging his cock with them, masturbating enough to keep aroused but not to come too quick. He still had his turn with Billy's mom coming.
This is so fuckin' hot, dude." he said as he sat back, reclined and continued to massage his cock. He glanced over at Billy who had tears in his eyes and this turned him on even more.
"You enjoying the show, Billy?" Tim said. "Check out the effort your mom's going through to suck Jeff's cock." Billy squealed as the truth hit him hard.
"Ughhhhk! Ugghhmmmmmmmmmmm! Ughhhlk!" Amy continued, as she kneeled there in front of the sofa and this boy, her hands tied behind her back in her own lacy bra strap, her ass jiggling along with her shiny purple laced panties that Jeff allowed her to keep on... for now.
Jeff was in pure ecstacy as his entire length was now in this woman's mouth. To think, this teenager was getting more action from an older woman than most adults would get from a strip club.
"All right, bitch." Jeff said, trying to keep his commanding tone up despite his young voice. "Stick your tongue out, I can feel it at the bottom of my dick in your mouth. Stick your tongue out and lick my balls."
"ULK!! UGGGHHHLK! UGGHHHMMMMMMMM!!!"
As Amy stuck her tongue out with his cock still in her mouth, Jeff moaned in pleasure as she lapped over his balls. He pulled on her head and thrust his grip on her even deeper as sticking out her tongue forced his cock deeper down her throat and gagged her even more.
Jeff helped position and ordered her to tongue his balls as best she could. Jeff had no master plan on how he was going to torture or degrade her, all he knew was he liked the feeling. He was still just a horny teenager getting what he wanted, so far all he was really doing was using her face and mouth as a fuckhole and going deeper and deeper. Soon he realized that with every effort she made to tongue his balls caused her throat muscles to tighten, massaging his cock. The sensation was unbelievable.
Amy nostrils flared as her eyes widened and watered as she struggled for air. She knew Jeff was almost done though as his balls tightened and his cock grew stiffer, before she knew it he was shooting thick hot spurts of come all down her throat.
"Awwwwwwwwwwwww shit, dude..." was all he could say as he gripped her head and blew his loads into her. He had never come so much in his entire life.
She coughed and gagged onto his cock but he just enjoyed the sensations of warm air all over his cock and balls as he carried on shooting more loads into the mother of his bully victim, he had never cum so hard or so much in his life. Soon he pulled out and shot more loads onto her face and smacked his cock against her lips.
"Hey dude, wait a sec!" Tim said. "I still want head from her. Don't ruin her face yet."
"Oh." Jeff said. "My bad." A smile came over his face as he rubbed his cock all over her face where he came. "I know how I can get rid of this." He collected all the cum deposits off her face with the head of his cock and his shaft, then looking at her smiling, he said "Clean the cum off my cock."
With her soft, round adorable face. She complied.
"Hurry up dude." Tim said, now getting impatient. He stood up and made his way over behind her, and threw her maroon panties at her son, who was still tied up in the corner. They landed right in front of him.
"Wait your turn, Tim." Jeff said seriously as Tim made his way over, his cock fully erect and twitching. Amy felt helpess, still on her knees in nothing but her panties as Jeff molested her tits as she was cleaning his cock.
Just then, a key turned in the door, and to everyone's surprise, Amy's husband stood with a complete look of shock on his face.
"What the hell is going on in here!?" He shouted more out of surprise than anger. Truth be told, his heart sank and he was actually terrified of these two intruders in his home, molesting his wife and tying up his son. What surprised him even more was with how much gusto his wife was pleasuring the boy even though she was in such a submissive position. Everyone was shocked, and Jeff knew he had to act fast. He was glad he came, Tim was frustrated he hadn't blown his load yet.
With Jeff's clear head, Tim followed his lead toward her husband and restrained him.
"No! Leave George alone!" Amy cried. Tim and Jeff both laughed.
"If you guys leave... we won't call the cops! I promise!" George said, his voice breaking. It was exactly what Jeff wanted to hear. This guy was too much a pussy to do anything. Billy lost all hope there might have been for his Dad to save the day.
"Tim..." Jeff began, "I've finished with her, for now. You can get your dibs while I tie this fucker up."
Tim devilshily smiled and as he walked over to Amy. She was still tied up in her own bra and panties, as Tim stood over her with his cock throbbing.
"You don't have to do this!" George said, as the teen forced him to his knees. Jeff began to unwrap some tape and restrained him in the same manner he did his son.
"Just look at what a huge pussy your husband is," Tim began, slowly thrusting in and out of Amy's mouth. "Just letting two kids bang his wife... what a loser." He made her look him square in the eyes as he mocked her.
"Suck it properly, I ain't George over there."
The boys both laughed, but to Amy's and everyone surprise, she did find her self sucking harder. Jeff was a little jealous that he had to give a face-fucking rather than get a proper blowjob, but they still had all the time in the world and what he had planned for her would more than make up for it.
"Awwwwwwwwww, man...!" Tim said as she lathered up and down his cock, bobbing in fast rhythm, hoping to get it over with.
George could do nothing but helplessly watch as this boy face fucked his wife. Worse still, he could see she was going along with it and still sucking him, she even gagged less now. The room was filled with smacking noises. In the back of his mind, as his stomach tied in knots he realized she never put in nearly as much effort on the rare occasion she gave him head.
Tim then slowed her rhythm to enjoy it, then stopped altogether and shoved his cock deep down into her, his hands still clutched around her head, with her nose and face pushed up against his stomach. He loved the sensation of air that he felt as she struggled to breathe through her nose.
Finally, giving a last few thrusts and grabbing her huge tits, he blew his load in her.
Breathing heavily, Tim collapsed onto the sofa, his flaccid cock still in her mouth as he held her head in place. Her huge tits squashed against his thighs which started to make him hard again.
"Dude, we are definitely spending the night here."
Those words hit George like a hammer and he felt that same dull, aching fear in his stomach he got whenever anyone talked shit to him. He couldn't believe these two teenagers could make him feel this fear. Jeff, seeing this, decided to get more kicks. Seeing Amy slumped on the floor, naked save for her silky panties and with her arms tied behind her back, Jeff got hard again.
"Hey, Billy's mom. Get here and suck me off some more."
Jeff was standing no more than a few inches from her wimpy husband who was still securely tied up. Amy was almost mad at George for not being able to protect her or his son, and in a small way almost wanted to suck Jeff's cock to spite him. Before she knew it, there she was sucking his teenage cock right in front of George. He closed his eyes, but then Jeff ordered her to suck so hard she made slurping sounds. Degrading as it was, she had no choice but to comply.
"Fuck dude, even though this bitch has got a hot mouth and sucks a mean cock..." Jeff said, removing her bra and letting her mouth slide up and down his cock while he played with her naked tits. "I wanna fuck her now... I think I'm ready..."
Tim was sat on George's couch drinking his beer and watching his wife get molested by Jeff. He was enjoying the show with her used panties and bra in his hand, enjoying her womanly smells and feeding his panty fetish. He'd only just shot his load and he'd be held over until Jeff had his turn.
"It's not too late for you guys to stop this... Please... stop." George begged.
"Shut the fuck up, I'm gonna bang your wife so hard she screams." Jeff stood her up and played her ass and tits. "I still can't believe hot how she is..." he said, grabbing and stroking her soft, curvy body and especially her plump round ass. Through her panties it felt amazing.
"Holy shit! She's so wet!" Jeff said, putting his hand down her panties, she tried to close her legs but with both hands tied and little balance all she could do was try and bend out of the way. Jeff put his finger near George's face so he could smell for himself.
"Hehe... you don't even get to watch..." He said mockingly to George. "Go upstairs to the bedroom, bitch." George watched in silent fear as his wife walked slowly up the stairs closely followed by the bully of his son. Tim walked over and taped George's mouth shut.
"Can't have you ruining our fun with your yelling." He said, plopping back onto the couch and taking another swig of beer.
Upstairs Jeff threw her onto the bed and climbed on top of her she stared at him, eyes wide with fear. After alternating between sucking her tits and playing with her nipples, he realized how much watching all that porn paid off. He continued this as he groped her for a while and pretty much just followed what he had seen in porn, as well as with his own perverted compulsions.
He rubbed his dick and balls all over her tits and face. He made her titfuck him and he laid back and enjoyed the view. Soon he dry humped against her ass just because he liked the sensation, and every time she resisted he would remind her that this was to end the bullying of her son. With all the molesting, she couldn't help moaning, which was audbile to everyone downstairs.
"Heh... like that pussy tied up downstairs right now even deserves you..." He said, thrusting into her. He had long since ripped off her wet panties and stuffed them into her mouth as he plunged deep into her.
His thrusts were so deep and hard that the bed hit the wall continuosly, which no doubt George could hear downstairs. The worst part was she found herself hating that she agreed with what Jeff was saying. She was getting fucked harder than she'd ever been.
"Turn around. I want to do you from behind." Amy reluctantly complied.
Finally, Jeff entered her from behind. As he slid his cock into her hot, wet pussy he was surprised.
"Holy shit you're tight... your husband really does have a pretty tiny dick, huh?"
She couldn't help but moan as he pinned her face down into the pillow. His thighs slapped against her soft, plump ass and felt amazing. He even spanked her to degrade her more and also so everyone downstairs could hear, followed by her yelps with every smack. As he thrusted in and out of her, her soft ass was cushioning his thighs and groin, fucking her was absolutely incredible.
He picked up the pace to the point they were making loud smacking noises. He roughly turned her around and threw her down onto the bed, he was fucking her deep now and started sucking her tits. He lifted her legs up and rested them on his shoulders just to plunge in as deep as he could. Her feet were almost behind her head and her vagina tightly wrapped itself around his hardening cock. She was barely even fighting it anymore, and Jeff suddenly started to roughly kiss her, frenching her deeply and making loud smacking noises as she moaned.
"Looks like they're having, fun..." Tim said mockingly. "I think I just might just go in and join in on the fun..." He said as he took out his phone and set up the recording function.
