So my sister Tara and I have always been really good friends. I mean, we both have our own lives away from each other, but at the end of the day when we're both at home we're talking and laughing, and it just feels right. Just the two of us. We're a little more like roommates you could say, because it doesn't matter what we do or say around each other. Like whenever I get laid, the first person I tell is Tara, and she'll usually fire back with something like "Really? Was she hot?"
And something that tends to piss our parents off quite a bit is how comfortable with our bodies we can be. I hadn't seen Tara fully naked or anything, but she's no stranger to just walking around with just a t-shirt and a thong on. She just doesn't care. And something tells me that she knows I like it. Not that I'm attracted to my sister or anything, but she is without a doubt pretty smoking hot. She's almost 20 and she's quite short, with strawberry blonde hair, a tiny waist, nice perky tits and an ass that would turn any guy's head. Even her brother's.
So I'm 18, and I'm a pretty attractive guy, I like to think. I've done a few things with a few girls, but nothing could have prepared me for what was about to happen this one regular normal spring day. I'd just gotten back from school and I was pretty beat. It had been a rough day, and all I wanted to do really was lay in bed and zone out for a few hours. So that's exactly what I did. I threw my homework aside, stripped down to my boxers, put on my headphones and hopped onto my bed. Laying back, I closed my eyes and listened to some nice quiet relaxing music. Not a care in the world.. until Tara came in.
I didn't even know she'd entered the room. I think I was half asleep and I couldn't hear with the headphones, but Tara had crept in quietly, wearing a small pink tanktop and a pair of neon green panties. Nothing else. And there I was on my bed in nothing but a loose pair of boxers. So to anyone else, this would be a super weird scene. It was even to me a little.
I felt someone press down on the bed, and I opened one eye to see Tara crawling up beside me. She reached up and lifted one side of my headphones, whispering:
"Hey baby brother.."
"Hey.." I groaned, "What's up?"
"Oh nothing," she said, kneeling beside me, "Just seeing what you're up to."
"Oh, well I'm napping," I said, eyes closed, "As you can probably see."
"Hmm," she said looking down at me, "Well can I nap with ya?"
"No," I said, removing my headphones, "and what are you wearing?"
"Haha," Tara giggled, "My napping clothes! What are YOU wearing?"
"Practically nothing!" I shot back, "So go away."
Tara looked down and slapped me on the belly.
"I don't care," she said, "Nothing I haven't seen before."
I didn't respond. I just laid there, pretending to sleep while Tara made a spot for herself next to me. I did open one eye took look when I noticed she'd done something a little weird. Instead of laying next to me with her head up by the pillows, she crawled upside down and put her head near my leg and her feet up by my head. From where my head was, all I could really see was her feet and her butt. So I looked for a minute. She did after all have a nice butt, and I could make out a little bit more underneath her panties, like the outline of her pussy, but just a little bit. And I really didn't think much of it. I was indeed pretty tired.
"Are you looking at my butt?" Tara's voice came from down below me.
"No," I moaned, "Go to sleep."
So we both did, or pretended to at least, for a little bit. There was complete silence for a few minutes. Then Tara shifted a little and put her hand over my stomach, feeling my smooth skin for a moment. I'd noticed, but it didn't phase me too much. She was just making herself comfortable, and if putting her arm around someone kept her quiet, then so be it. I didn't mind.
So we napped with each other for a little while. Me on my back lying straight up and down. And Tara next to me, upside down, curled in a fetal position with her hand over my belly. Every once in a while she would move her hand a little. I wasn't sure if she'd even noticed, but I noticed her hand, every five minutes or so, would move just a little bit lower toward my boxers. Then suddenly I felt something lift up the hole in the front of my boxers. Tara was looking through the hole like someone lifting up a curtain. I quickly put my hand down on hers.
"What are you doing?" I said.
"I thought you were sleeping," she said in a giggly voice, "I was just having a peek."
"At what, my junk?" I asked.
"Yeah, duh," she looked at me and moved her head so it was resting on my upper left leg.
"Why... do you wanna.. see my penis..."
"Because I never have before!"
"Well so what," I said, "I've never seen your boobs before and I don't care."
"Would you like to?" she asked.
"No, that's weird." I said.
"No it's not."
"Yes it is"
"No it's not."
"Yes it is."
"Come on..." she said, "Just let me see it once, and I won't ask again. I'm curious."
"Curious of what?" I asked.
"I dunno," she said biting her lip, "How big is it?"
"It's big enough," I said.
"Prove it!" she shot back.
"Ughh..." I laid my head back and closed my eyes again, "Ok.. you can take ONE good peek, and that's it. Have at it."
"Yayy!!" she squealed like a giddy little girl.
I rested my hands behind my head and looked at the ceiling as Tara raised her right arm again and began to lift up the flap in the front of my boxers. Her eyes were wide as she looked inside. Genuine curiosity on her face. She gazed and smiled at the look of her own brother's penis as he rested before her. I looked down at her.
"Are you satisfied?" I asked.
"Awww," she moaned, "It's adorable!"
"It's adorable??"
"Yeah it is!" she said, still looking at it, "Who knew my brother had such an adorable penis."
"Haha," I laughed, "Alright, well you had your fun. Time to put the penis away."
"Awww," she frowned up at me, "Can't I hold it?"
"Absolutely not." I said.
"Why, are you afraid you're gonna get a boner?"
"No," I said, "It's just super weird for girls to be holding their brother's dicks, that's why."
"Hahaha," she laughed, "Well it's not like I wanna jerk you off. I just wanna play with it a little. I've never really just looked and examined one up close before."
"You want to examine my penis?" I said, "What are we five? Are we playing doctor?"
"Oooh," her face lit up, "You wanna?"
"No!" I laughed, "Just.. knock it off! I'm still napping."
"Well I'm gonna do it anyway," she said as she reached into my boxers.
She did manage to touch it for a second before I snatched her hand up.
"Are you crazy??" I yelled.
She laid back and started laughing.
"Just let me hold it, for a minute, and then I'll stop."
"That's what you said about just looking at it," I said, and we both stared at each other for a minute or two.
I knew she wasn't gonna stop. Once Tara puts her mind to something, there IS no stopping her. I was going to lose. I guess it won't be all that bad, I thought. Worse that could happen, some pretty girl plays with your dick a little bit. Worse things have definitely happened. But it was my sister, and..
"Ok," I gave in, collapsing back, "Have at it. Examine away."
"Ok!" she whispered.
Her hand reached in again and I quivered a little when her fingers touched me. She spread open the hole in my boxers and kind of pinched my dick between two fingers. Raising it up and turning it in her fingers like a scientist examining a specimen. Only this scientist happened to be my sister, and she was half naked in my bed, playing with my flacid penis. She laid her head back on my leg and smiled as she turned it over and back, pointing it in different directions.
"It is nice," she said, "Even if it isn't hard. Does it get much bigger?"
"Uhh," I guess I was playing along now, "Yeah I guess. Pretty big."
"You gotta play with the tip, right?" she asked, like she didn't know, "To make it big?"
"Uhhh, yeah," I said, "That'll probably do it."
"Like this?" she said, and she rubbed her thumb around the tip a few times.
A weird sensation came over me and my first instinct was to gasp and grab her hand away.
"Hahaha," she laughed, "Did it work?"
"No," I said, "It didn't. Time's up. Leave my poor little guy alone."
"Ohhhh ok," she said and laid her head back down.
I laid mine back again too. Closed my eyes and pretended nothing had just happened between my sister and my penis. But it was too late. The touch of her thumb must have triggered something and I felt my cock slowly start to rise. I knew Tara was still looking at it too.
"It's moving!" she whispered, "Did I do that?"
"No," I said, eyes still closed, "It just does that. Leave it alone."
"Awww," she continued, "It's poking it's cute little head out!"
And she was right. It was. My cock was slowly rising and was sticking through the hole in the front of my boxers. I decided to just lay there and do nothing. If I ignored it, it might go down. But this was not the case. And then...
"Baaaaby brotherrrrr...!" Tara sang.
And there was a tingling in my cock that sent waves up my spine as Tara gently tickled the underside of my shaft.
"Oh my god.." I whispered, still lying, "Don't do that!"
She giggled and did it again. With two fingers she slowly caressed to underside of my rising shaft. Up, and then down.
"Stop.." I whispered, looking down. I placed my hand on top of hers, but she kept on going. "You need to st... stop.."
My eyes rolled back and my mouth opened wide. My feet trembled in their socks. My toes stretched as far as they could go. Tara continued to smile and gently caress my hardening cock. This was a game to her, and I wanted so badly to make her stop, but it just felt soooo good. I couldn't. My body froze up and I looked down. What I saw was my hard cock, standing straight up towards my face and my sisters smiling, giggling face right next to it, singing "Babbbbby brotherrrrrr..." while her fingertips gently and slowly moved up and down... up and down on my hard cock. I looked over at her ass, trying to take my mind off of what was happening. She stuck her butt up in the air.
"Grab my butt," she whispered, and she smacked her butt.
My left hand shot out and I grabbed onto Tara's butt like someone trying to stop themselves from falling over. Her hand went right back to my cock, but instead of just caressing it, she wrapped her whole hand around it.
"Oh my god..." I whispered again, my breath trembling.
I couldn't believe what was happening. I looked down and saw my sister, staring at my hard cock as she gripped it firmly in her hand. She lifted it up so it pointed at the ceiling. She gave it a little squeeze and then raised her hand up, and then down again. And then back up, and then down again. My balls raised up with each movement, my skin folding up and down with her hand.
"Tara.." I breathed out, "You can't..."
"Shhhhh, just lay back," she whispered. Then with a pouty face she said, "You've had a rough day."
"Wheeeww" I sighed, looking up. Eyes wide, I tried hard to come to terms with what was happening, "Ok," I whispered, "...ok."
I looked back at the ass I was holding on for dear life to. I started moving my thumb around it, grabbing different parts. Playing with her ass like something to squeeze to take my mind off of some sort of pain. But this was not pain I was feeling. It was pure pleasure. My sister pumped a few more times on my cock and I was rock hard. My sister Tara was officially jerking me off. How was this happening? As her hand came back down, she swirled her thumb around the tip of my cock, lubing it up for the next pump. My hips started rocking with the rhythm of each pump, like I was starting to fuck her hand. I was no longer resisting.
I stared at the ceiling. A really hot girl is jerking me off, I thought. I looked back at her ass and moved my thumb a little bit under her panties. Her butt felt warmer the closer I brought my thumb toward her pussy. She was moving her head a little closer to my cock, and she started licking the shaft, up and down at first as she pumped my cock with her hand. She pointed my cock toward her face and licked up the shaft to the head. Then she brought her head up and aimed my cock toward her mouth. I felt a deeply warm sensation throughout my whole body as I watched my sister's head slowly lower onto my cock and it disappeared into her mouth.
"Ohhhh my god...," I moaned.
"Mmmmm.." she moaned back with her mouth full.
She began slowly bobbing her head up and down, sucking my cock while swirling her tongue around the tip with each suck. Examining me still, but with her mouth now and her tongue. Feeling the texture of the head of my shaft. Keeping her hand planted at the base, she would pump the shaft a little with her hand every few sucks. She knew what she was doing.
"Mmmm.." she moaned again with her mouth full.
Again I looked at her ass. I saw some movement underneath her green panties, over her pussy. She was fingering herself while she blew me. Swirling her finger around her clit with her other hand. I moved my thumb a bit closer and felt the outer rim of her vagina. There was stubble there from when she last shaved her pussy, and I moved my thumb a little further in, under her panties until my thumb became warm and wet. She rocked her hips a little, letting me know that I should keep going. When I found the hole I plunged my thumb as deep in as it would go. Her muscles tightened, locking my thumb in like a vacuum seal.
"Mmmm, yeah," she moaned again.
She spit out my cock and looked at me with her mouth wide open. She was jerking me off again, and this time my cock was all wet with her saliva. Her hand pumping on my cock made wet noises, and I could hear her fingers swirling around her wet clit also. Her hips began to rock with the rhythm of her hand pumping and my own hand, thumb fucking her pussy. With the rest of my hand I felt deep underneath her panties. Slid my finger into the crack of her ass and found her warm asshole. I kept my fingers there, resting against her asshole as I pumped my thumb in and out of her pussy while she fingered her clit and jerked me off. She brought her mouth down around my cock and started sucking me again. My breath became heavier. There was no going back, and suddenly the feeling became almost too much. She was sucking harder and faster, and fingering her clit even faster also. A wet spot appeared over her and my hand on her panties and I shoved my thumb in deeper. The deeper I went the louder she'd moan. My hips started trembling and my butt lifted off the bed.
"Oh god," I gasped, "I'm gonna cum..."
She spit my cock out again and started furiously pumping my cock with her hand, faster and faster. She raised her upper torso to look down at what she was doing. My body was locked in an arch as I began my descent into orgasm. Her hand sliding rapidly up and down my wet shaft, I plunged my thumb into her pussy as deep as it would go. Wrinkles showed on her forehead and her mouth drooped open. Her face was much more serious now, and she was furiously rubbing her clit.
"Oh my go-..." I sputtered out, "Oh god.. ahh-ahhh... Mmmmmmm!!"
I pointed my cock straight up into the air, and with a few more of my sister's hard jerks, a white stream of cum shot out from the tip of my cock, just missing Tara's face and caught her in the hair, right by her left ear.
"Yeahhh haha, there ya go.." she moaned, slowing down a bit on her fist pumps. Admiring her handy work.
I was still cumming, even after the shot into her hair. In fact, I think I was cumming more than I'd ever cum in my life. Another stream shot out, but not as far and landed back on my cock, running down the side of Tara's hand. And then another, coming out a little slower, running down the other side of her hand. My hips trembled a bit more and more cum came out, covering her hand in pearly white goo. She still held on but had stopped pumping. Her other hand now just froze underneath her panties. Her knuckles touching the side of my thumb, still planted deep inside her.
I slowly slid my thumb out, feeling the cool air on my wet thumb. Her ass cheeks resisted a little as I pulled the rest of my hand out. Still looking down, admiring what she'd done, she opened her hand and let my wet hard cock drop and slap against my lower belly. Strings of cum still connected her hand and my cock as she raised her hand up. Looking at it and then at me. She showed me her cum covered hand. She smiled and laughed.
"I think I need a towel," she said.
"Ok," I whispered.
Then as I reach over the side of my bed, careful not to move too much, Tara swung her leg up and, propping herself over me, she brought it over the other side of my body. Straddling me now, still holding her hand up. Some cum dripped from her hand onto my belly. I'd grabbed a used towel from beside my bed on the floor and held it up to her.
"Here." I said.
"Thank ya!" she chirped cheerily.
She took the towel in both hands and started drying them off as she sat cowboy style over me. I could feel the warmth of her pussy on my cock and I realized there was only a thin layer of her green panties separating my still hard cock from her wet pussy. She noticed me looking and she looked down too. She gave a slow humping motion and grinded her pussy over my hard cock. We both moaned, looking down. She humped again. This time I grinded back and made her hips tremble. She closed her eyes and we both slowly grinded each other for a moment. Going slower with each rock of our hips. She lifted her head quickly, flipping her strawberry blonde hair back and opening her blue eyes. She took a real deep breath in and let it out loud.
"Ahhh..." she sighed. Looking down at me, she smiled and raised one eyebrow as if I was meant to say something.
I pointed my finger towards my temple, "You still got some in your hair."
She giggled and touch the cum streak in her hair. Gripping the strand of hair in two fingers, she strained the cum out and rolled it in her fingers. Opening and closing her fingers, examining its consistency. Then, looking at me smiling, showing her teeth, she brought it to her face and stuck out her tongue. My eyes widened. Was she going to lick my cum off her fingers? Centimeters away, she started laughing, and instead rubbed the cum off onto my chest.
"Hey!" I laughed.
"Here," she said bringing the towel back up, "Let me help you."
I looked down and watched my sister wipe the cum off my chest and my belly, then another amazing sensation shot through me again as she grabbed my cock with the towel and whirled it around a little. Drying my cock with the towel, I moaned once more and then collapsed back onto my pillow. Tara slapped my chest, then leaned in toward me, smiling.
"Well?" she said.
"Well...? Haha.." I laughed, "Well what..?"
"Well how'd I do?" she remained leaning in close staring into my eyes, waiting for my response.
"Uhhh.. well," I said, trying to come up with an answer, "Great! I guess.. I mean.. Wow."
"Haha," she said, possibly feeling as awkward as I was, "Didn't know your sister had it in her did ya?"
"Uhh, haha.." I was speechless, "I was definitely not expecting that... Not one bit."
She smirked and continued staring into my eyes.
"Ya know.." she said, thinking, "We don't have to, like.. tell anybody or anything."
"Yeah I know," I said back, "I definitely won't be."
"Just like, uhhh.." she said, still thinking, "Some fun between two friends."
"Right," I said, smiling back, "I know."
She smiled wider, and we both gazed into each other's eyes, reading each other's thoughts for a moment. She still had me straddled and was bent forward overtop of me. I looked down and realized I could see down her shirt a little. She had nice medium breasts. Not too big, but round even when pointing down. She looked down too at her own boobs and then back at me, smiling with her teeth.
"Here!" she said.
Then she sat up straight, crossed her arms gripping the bottom of her pink tanktop, and in one swift move she lifted her tanktop over her head and tossed it on the floor beside us. She lowered her head, sitting up straight overtop of me, bare chested. She looked down at her boobs, then up at me. I stared for a moment, scanning her body from her legs around each side of me to her bright green panties over my softening cock, still dripping a little. Then I looked at her nice white flat belly, and finally up at her unleashed round breasts. They were in full form, not held in anymore but fanned out a little to the sides and sagged down just enough. Freed from their confines. Her small pink nipples stuck out a little. Probably harder now in the open air. She stuck out her chest, presenting them to me like a final trophy image to take with me.
"Nice.." was all I could bring myself to say.
She giggled, then brought her hands up around her boobs, pressing them together for me. Still holding them, she swung her leg up and over me and shifted so she was sitting beside me on the bed. Her feet on the floor. She looked over at me once more.
"I mean it," she said, "Don't tell anybody."
"I know," I said, "I won't."
Then she stood up, still cupping her boobs, turned and left the room. I watched her ass bounce a little, the few steps she took before disappearing. Leaving my door open and her shirt still on my floor. I looked back up at the ceiling.
"Wow..." I whispered to nobody.
Lying on my back, in still just my boxers. Flacid penis still out, resting upward on my lower belly. I laid back and pondered what just happened, feeling the cool air on my cock, still a little wet from cum and saliva. I smiled. I think I was ok. In fact I knew I was. My sister Tara had just given me some pretty sweet head, and now she was probably back in her own room. Her mind probably already on something else. I made the decision right then and there to not be weird about it. Something told me that deep down, I'd always wanted that to happened. Tara had probably been thinking the same thing for a while. It was something that needed to happen, and now we could move on. Still smiling, I closed my eyes and drifted slowly off into deep space. Not sleeping, but not thinking either. Just smiling, resting. Enjoying this very good end to my rather rough day. I brought my thumb to my nose and breathed in the aroma of her sweet pussy. I held it in for a moment and let it go. I was at peace.
* * *
Dinner later that night with the parents turned out to be a little strange. Go figure. It was only a few hours later, but the last time I had seen Tara she was topless with my cum in her hair. I entered the kitchen and waved to our parents, then I smiled at Tara as she breezed by. She returned the smile with raised eyebrows and quickly sat down. Letting me know this was probably just as weird for her. With our heads down, we ate quietly. Making small talk here and there with either mom or dad. Looking at each other a few times, and then dad asks us what we did when we got home. We both froze and looked at each other.
"We just.." we both said at the same time.
"...Took naps," I said, "I took a nap."
"Me too," said Tara quickly.
"Oh!" said dad, "Must be nice!"
We all chuckled and Tara looked over at me, smiling. She made a face as to say YIKES! And grinded her teeth. I grinned back and I kicked her leg under the table. Nobody seemed to notice.
After dinner I was up in my room on my computer, reading news articles and whatnot. No music on or anything. I just stared blankly at the screen. I could hear Tara in the shower, and I wondered for a moment or so how she might look in there. Now that I'd seen more of her than I ever had, I had a pretty clear mental image. Her arms stretched up over her head. Her pale skin glistening in the water. Her eyes closed. Her breasts perked up by her stretched arms...
I reached down and grabbed my swelling cock through my pajama pants. Closing my eyes, I thought about earlier. I then heard the shower turn off. I let go and faced the screen again. I couldn't be jerking off every time my sister takes a shower. So I scrolled through some more pages, thoughts about sex aside. I heard the bathroom door open from down the hall. Listening intently, I heard the TV that my parents were watching downstairs, and I heard my bedroom door creak open a little.
"Hey!" Tara whispered from the crack in the door.
I looked behind me, "Yo!" I said normally, "What's up?"
Tara opened my door. She stepped into my room, wearing nothing but a white robe, with a towel over her head, drying her hair. Looking up, she pulled her wet dark blonde hair back and wrapped it up with her light purple towel.
"Oh nothing," she said, looking around, "Just got outta the shower."
I nodded, looking up at her from my computer chair. Crossing her arms, she brought her right hand up and rested her chin on it. Tapping her barefoot on my rug, she looked at me with sort of an adoring smirk. I smiled back.
"Can I... help you with something?" I said, raising my eyebrows.
"Nope..." Tara responded quite shortly.
She continued looking at me.
"Do you feel weird about earlier?" she asked me in a quieter voice.
"No, it's all good," I smiled, "Don't worry about it. I liked it!"
Tara opened her mouth mimicking a loud laugh.
"Haha, good!" she whispered, grabbing the collars of her robe, "Wanna see me naked again?"
"Right now?" I said back, my eyes widening.
"Yeah!" she smiled, "I love being naked!"
"Uhhh," I said, "Yeah I guess.. Obviously!"
Then I whispered.
"But shut the door first!" and I pointed down.
She quietly laughed and turned around, being as quiet as possible, and she shut my bedroom door and locked it behind her. Turning back to me, she pursed her lips and took a few steps toward me like an underwear model walking a runway. Her purple towel wrapped around her head, she stood and stretched her left leg out to the side and posed before me. Untying her front knot, she reached inside her robe with both hands and suddenly the robe was wide open, revealing her young naked figure. Tara stood proudly in front of me looking down. I in my chair looking up at her, I craned my neck to the side, examining her short but surprisingly skinny pale body. Her wider than the rest hips shifted and she threw down the white robe behind her. She put her hips on her waist and shifted her hips back to the right. Looking down at me like I was somehow supposed to critique her style. Which I admit was very good.
For a minute or two I gazed up and down, slouched back in my chair. Her pale pussy was newly shaven, possibly for me, and I could see her clit poking through just a little over the gap in her thighs. I looked up toward her nice breasts.
Hands on her waist, they were perfectly formed and glowed for me in the light of my dim bedroom lamp. I looked at her eyes and we both smiled.
"You like?" she said, like some sort of Asian masseuse.
"Uh-huh.." I nodded, jaw dropped.
"You want me on top of you?"
I laughed hard and bent forward. She laughed too and hunched covering herself with her arms. She turned around and snatched up the robe. She threw it over her shoulders, covering up again, and she stepped toward me. She lightly kicked my right thigh and stood over me looking down. I gazed up into her eyes and I closed my legs, allowing her to step around either side of me and lower herself down onto my lap. I raised my index finger to my lips, gesturing for her to be quiet, as our parents were still awake downstairs.
"I know," she said, now sitting on my lap facing me, "I'll be quiet."
Her white robe was still closed as she raised her arms and rested them on my shoulders. I grabbed the chair arms and propped us both up a little higher. Doing so caused my sister to hug my waist more with her thighs and scoot up, digging her naked pussy in a little overtop of my pajama pants. I raised my arms a little, and slowly felt up her legs, over the robe, and closed my hands around the top of her waist. We both stared into each other for a moment.
"I think you're good looking," she said to me in a quiet voice.
"Oh yeah?"
She nodded, her hair still wrapped in a towel.
"I, like..." she continued, "Wanted to do that for a while."
"Really?" I smiled, "Since when?"
"Hmmm, well..." she looked up, pondering, "A little while ago.. we were both in the pool, and we were playing Keep-Away..."
I immediately knew what day she meant. It was summer and we were both in the pool in our backyard. I was holding up a football out of Tara's reach and she was trying to grab it from me. She was wearing a small yellow two-piece that I can remember like it was yesterday.
"...And you wouldn't give me the ball, so I jumped on you and wrapped myself around you, and you got a boner."
"I what??" I rebuttled, "I certainly did not!"
"Yes you did!" Tara laughed, "I could totally feel it, and you wanted me to get off, and I wrapped my legs around you tighter.."
As she said this, she actually did wrap her legs a bit tighter around me as I listened to her regale our pool story.
"And I had you against the wall and hugged you real close.."
"And I totally looked down at your boobs," I cut in.
"You did!" she laughed and bounced on me a little, "And you got even harder, so you turned around and jumped out onto the deck, and you covered your boner with your hands and sat on the beach chair."
"Haha," I laughed, gripping her waist a bit tighter, "I can't believe you remember that."
"And then," she continued, leaning back a little, "I got out too, and I stood overtop of you.."
"And then mom and dad came out," I finished, "And ruined all the fun."
"Yep," Tara frowned, "They always ruin everything."
"Sure do," I said.
Tara looked at me, then she leaned in close and put her face next to mine.
"But ya know," she whispered in my ear, "I did lock the door..."
She rocked her hips once, slowly over mine and she breathed into my ear.
"We can't," I whispered back, "Not right now."
She rocked her hips again and touched her lips to my ear, breathing again.
"We'll be quiet" she whispered, grinding on me again, "We can just pretend."
My cock began to swell under her movements. She sat up straight on top of me and her robe opened a little, exposing her chest and belly button. She took my arms in her hands, looking at me, and guided them inside her robe, exposing some more of her body. She placed my hands on her naked waist and her grinding motions sped up a little. My cock swelled a bit more as she put her hands back on my shoulders. Looking into each others eyes, we slowly and quietly dry humped. Tara on my lap, robe draped open. My hands on her waist, squeezing a little with each gentle thrust of her hips. I thrust my hardening cock up a little, and I knew she felt it because her mouth opened and her breath skipped a beat.
She leaned back and began swirling her hips around on top of me, making me harder. She brought her hands up to the towel around her head and brushed it back, letting the towel drop to the floor and her damp blonde hair fell around her shoulders. Her robe opened up more, exposing her breasts, and as she lowered her arms from my shoulders, she let the robe fall to the floor. Now naked on top of me, she grabbed each arm of the chair and grinded her hips into me even harder. With my hands on her waist, I pulled her in closer toward me while thrusting upward. I could feel her warm pussy on my hard cock through my pajama pants.
"That feels good," I whispered to her, through short hard breaths.
"Yeah.." she sighed, and she grinded even harder.
The chair made a creak and I raised my finger to my lips again. She nodded and slowed down. Looking back, she raised her butt up behind her, and slowly drove it back down, feeling the shape of my cock with her pussy. She raised her butt again, and slid her pussy forward up the length of my hard shaft. Lowering herself down, her body trembled as our parts mashed together firmly. She slid her hands down over my waist and lifted the bottom of my t-shirt up. I raised my arms and let her lift my shirt up over my head and toss it to the floor beside us. Still grinding, she swirled her hands over my bare torso, and my own hands felt up her sides and swirled around her naked breasts.
I gently caressed her smooth breasts with my fingers, lighting brushing my knuckles over her nipples, making them hard. Then I grabbed hold of both and began to lightly massage them. In almost complete silence I felt like I was getting a lap dance with no music. Just the sound of our breaths and our hands sliding all over one another's bodies.
Tara slowly brought her feet to the ground and straightened her legs. Standing now, but bent over me, looking into my eyes still, she grabbed onto the waistband of my pajama pants. I raised my hips up and let her slowly pull them down. First exposing my dark pubic hair, then the base of my shaft. We both looked down as she slowly uncovered my hard cock, and when the band got to my head, my cock sprang out and stood straight up. Lowering my pants even lower, I kicked the rest off with my feet. Tara still standing, still bent over me, looked up into my eyes as her hands slid up and down my legs. Then she began to massage my pubic hair, working her hands slowly closer to my throbbing cock. And finally, with both hands, she wrapped her thumbs around my base and the rest of her fingers followed. Looking into my eyes, her boobs dangled just in front of me. I took them in both hands and squeezed them together. My breath trembling as my sister worked her thumbs at the base of my shaft, making me rock hard, and then bringing both hands up to my tip and then down again. Her left hand reach lower and she felt my balls, leaving her other hand to stroke my shaft up and down.
I breathed heavier as I massaged her breasts with both hands. Then, one hand cupping one breast, I slid the other one down over her belly and down further toward her shaved pussy. I felt around a little over her lower front and I found her slit. With my middle finger I pressed against her warn opening and found her wet clit. Swirling my middle finger over it, her mouth widened and her forehead wrinkled, and her warm wet juices soaked my two fingers as I swirled them around her small bean shaped clit.
She squeezed a little harder on my balls, massaging each one a few times in her fingers. As her other hand pumped harder on my cock. We pressed our foreheads together, staring into each others eyes as our hands down below quietly fondled each others warm wet parts. She let go and grabbed the chair arms again as I continued to finger her clit. She took a step forward with each leg and brought herself closer, her wet pussy just over my cock. I moved my hand from her clit and grabbed my own cock. Propping it up, I felt her warm wet slit with my cock and rubbed it around her clit, mixing our juices together. Our faces drew closer together, and her lips touched mine. I lifted my head and sucked her lips into mine, and our tongues immediately began swirling around each others. Now both naked, I was making out with my sister while swirling my hard cock around her wet clit. Still conscious of making any loud noise, there was no going back.
"I'm ready," she whispered with her eyes closed.
"Ok," I whispered back.
Both of us looked down. I stood my cock up with my thumb at the base, and she maneuvered her hips over my cock and slowly began to lower herself down around me. The tip of my cock went warm and a sensation came over me that I felt in my entire body. Looking into my eyes with a serious look of both pain and pleasure, her mouth wide open, Tara lowered her body and my cock slid right into her. She brought her legs closer around me as I felt her full weight on my lap. My whole cock disappeared inside her until it could go no further. Her hand has grabbing the back of my neck and she breathed heavily into my ear.
She thrust her hips up once, and then back again. I thrust my cock upward reaching it deep inside her. We both paused a moment and looked at each other. We kissed again and we both smiled. She let out a low laugh.
"You're inside of me," she whispered.
"I know," I said, smiling, "Feels pretty good."
"Yeah," she smiled, "Ok, here we go, nice and slow."
She began rocking her hips back and forth, taking me in and letting me go, gently at first. My hands swirled around her hips, massaging her groin muscles. Then they made their way up and found her boobs again. She rocked a little harder, testing the strength of the desk chair. It seemed to be relatively quiet enough, so she rocked even harder. I rocked my own hips against hers, ever so carefully. The feeling was absolutely mind blowing. Her smooth skin in my fingers and her warm pussy around my hard cock, I began slowly and quietly, but firmly fucking my sister. Her breath trembling and her mouth wide open, she leaned forward and began kissing my neck, making my breath tremble.
Our pace quickened a little after rocking back and forth a few times. Building momentum, we entered into a sort of rhythm that we both understood. Small movements to keep quiet, but hard enough that we could feel each other around each other. A little harder still we went as I brought my hands around her waist again and then slid them back forward towards her butt. Grabbing onto each cheek, I guided her back and forth while thrusting up and down with cock. Harder still, and the chair started creaking.
We both paused a moment, listening downstairs for anything different. Just the sound of the TV and mom in the kitchen. Tara looked at me and raised her eyebrows. She slowly raised her body off of mine and grabbed my hand. Getting up, she led me over to my bed and kneeled on top of my mattress. I got into the bed with her as she laid on her back. Spreading her legs, she raised her index finger, gesturing me toward her. So I knelt up and faced her, put both hands on either side of her and my knees underneath her legs. Pointing my cock toward her pussy, I slowly moved forward, watching her mouth open wide again as I entered her. In and out, I started slowly again. Her face frozen with a look of pure pleasure, she reached up and grabbed my butt with both hands, bringing me in closer. I moved her whole body up with a thrust, and then back again. Then, rocking my hips back and forth I continued fucking her.
Her boobs, pressed together by her arms began to move up and down with the rhythm. My hands planted on both sides of her and hers on my butt, I rocked her even harder. My cock sliding in and out of her tight wet pussy, feeling the sensation on the head of my shaft, I fucked Tara as hard and as fast as I possibly could without making too much noise. She let go of my butt and stretched her arms out to either side of her. Her boobs swirled around and around with each thrust, I grabbed onto one of them with one hand, and with the other I fingered her clit with my thumb. Swirling it around and around her clit while I fucked her pussy harder and harder. She let out a squeal.
I moved my hand from her boob to her mouth, silencing her squeal while fucking her even harder. She squealed again, but it wasn't too loud and we were deep into fucking anyway. Nothing could have stopped us. We were connected on a higher level than we ever could have dreamed. Fucking my sister on my bed. My hand over her mouth, keeping her quiet. The only sound was that of my balls slapping underneath her butt. She looked up at me, her forehead wrinkled and my hand covering my mouth. She grabbed my hips, guiding me, telling me to fuck her harder. So I did. Her owns hips rocking furiously under mine, her legs began to tremble as she neared orgasm
So I fucked even harder, still not making much noise. Driving my cock in deeper with each thrust, she squealed again and her legs closed tightly around me. With a few more hard pumps, I knew she had an orgasm but the way she lost control of her legs. I thrust up hard a few more times, making sure she was good and taken care of. Then I pulled out, grabbing my cock with my hand, I brought my legs up over hers. Now kneeling over her belly with my cock in my hand, I started jerking off over her. Aiming my cock up over her head, she grabbed my balls with one hand, and with the other she helped me jerk myself of.
"Yeah," I whispered down to her, "Just like that."
I let go of my cock and put my hands on her knees. Looking down, I watched my sisters hand swirl around my cock as she gripped it and started tugging hard. Making sure each stroke counted, I knew she wanted me to cum. Jerking me hard, I moved my hips further up a little, bringing my cock closer to her face. I started fucking her hand with my cock, back and forth, as she jerked me harder and quicker. I let out a quiet moan, letting her know I was about to cum. She noticed and stuck out her tongue, jerking me off while aiming my cock toward her mouth.
The feeling became almost too much, when suddenly a stream of cum shot out of me again, like before, and made a streak up her face, over her left eye. She brought her tongue up underneath my shaft head as she jerked the next stream of cum directly into her mouth. My own mouth wide open and my eyebrows wrinkled in a look of pure pleasure, my sister closed her mouth, and with cum in her mouth and across her face, she jerked a few more times. I sat back a little, still aiming my cock up toward her face as a few more small jets of cum squirt out onto her chest.
We were both breathing heavily as I slowly leaned back and little more. My muscles slowly becoming less tense, I leaned back with my hands on her knees. Her hand still gripping my cock was again covered in pearly white cum. She let go and held it up again. Except this times, she brought her hand to her lips, stuck her tongue out and licked my cum off of her hand, swallowing when she'd licked it clean. I moaned a little laugh and she laughed back.
"You taste good!" she said smiling.
"Haha," I laughed, still breathing heavily, "Well, I got a lot in me... Even after earlier.
She grinned and showed her teeth,
"Here," I said, and I brought my thumb up to her face and wiped the cum from over her eye.
Holding my cum dripped thumb in front over her, she stuck her tongue out again, wanting me to feed it to her. So I held it up to her face, and while looking into my eyes, she sucked the cum off of my thumb and swallowed again.
"Damn..." I whispered.
She propped herself up by her elbows and beckoned me closer with her finger. I leaned in and she kissed me. This time just an extra long kiss, to let me know I'd done a good job. When our lips separated, she looked at me and smiled.
"You made me cum," she giggled.
"Yeah," I smiled back, still out of breath, "So did you.."
Still looking into each others eyes, I reached over onto the floor and snatched up her purple towel. Handing it to her, she began wiping the rest of my cum from her face and chest.
"Do you think mom and dad heard us?" Tara asked.
"Nah I doubt it," I replied, "We should probably get dressed though."
"Yeah," she said, sitting up next to me.
We looked at each other and smiled another moment.
"You were great," she said.
"I was ok," I said back, "You were awesome"
"Haha," she laughed, "And this.."
She looked down at my cock and poked her finger at it.
"This... was spectacular."
I smiled and got up. She got up too and snatched up her white robe, draping it once again around her and tying the knot as I pull my pajama pants back on, leaving my shirt on the ground.
"Come here," she said and she crawled back into bed.
I crawled up behind her and spooned her body in mine, laying my arm over her body, she held onto my hand and then kissed it.
"We should probably go to bed soon," she said quietly.
"Yeah," I said, "Lets just lay here a minute first."
"Ok, just..." she turned her body and faced me, "Don't be too startled if I sneak in here and suck your cock in the middle of the night."
"Awww damn," I said smiling, closing my eyes, "I don't know if I have it in me."
"Sure you do."
She kissed my eyebrow and closed her own eyes, and we cuddled for quite some time before parting ways and going to bed.
About three hours later my late night blowjob arrived, and it was fantastic.
