Sethp 2011 all rights reserved.
(I'd like to extend a special thanks to Pennlady, for her amazing help with editing. All mistakes in the story are mine and mine alone. There's only so much someone can do when trying to help a dumbass like me! Also, thanks to all of those busty eighteen year old babysitters out there! The rest of you, please enjoy!)
*
Rachel was just pulling her coat on when John came down the stairs. He handed Rachel her payment in cash.
"Thank you, Mr. Greene." Rachel smiled in gratitude.
"You're welcome," he replied. "You deserve every penny. Kathy and I are very happy with you. There is no one that we trust the kids with more than you."
"Thank you, that means a lot. I love them like they're my own. I would do anything for you guys."
Rachel was starting to blush and was having a hard time meeting John's gaze. For his part, John was having a hard time keeping his eyes away from Rachel's exposed cleavage. Did she realize what she was doing? It was bad enough that her breasts were over-large on her small frame, jutting out from her chest like a pair of ripe melons. Why did she have to wear such revealing clothing? John was glad that she wasn't meeting his gaze. He was embarrassed at his lack of self-control.
"Okay...I guess we'll see you on Saturday then." He cleared his throat and broke the awkward silence. How long had he been standing there trying not to look at her chest and not saying anything?
"Yes. I'll be here at six p.m," She managed to meet his eyes. "Bye, Mr. Greene." She grabbed her purse and hurried out the door.
Do all high school seniors dress that way? He wondered. He had to remind himself that she was eighteen and could dress any damn way she chose. She was an adult now, although just barely. John stood there for a long time staring at the closed door, until his wife called to him from upstairs.
"Coming, honey," he said. "Just turning out the lights and locking up down here."
John dreamed of the busty little babysitter all night long and awoke with one of the hardest, most painful erections of his life. His wife had already left for work and he resigned himself to a cold shower. Not that she would have done anything, John thought. He was running late himself and barely made it to work on time. It was a long day and it took John most of it to clear his head.
The week progressed at a snail's pace, but Saturday arrived at last. John's wife had tickets to the opera and although John couldn't think of anything he hated more, he resigned himself to his fate. It was bad enough that she always seemed to have a headache when there was a concert that John wanted to go to, but she expected him to attend all of her highbrow events.
The doorbell rang and John ran down the steps to open it. It was Rachel, and she couldn't have worn a tighter shirt if she tried. It clung to her chest like a second skin. Her giant, gravity-defying tits were straining to burst right through it.
"H...uh..." John stammered. He started to shake and cough just like the old man in that famous book by Nabokov.
Rachel giggled. "Can I come in?"
"Yes!" he exclaimed a little too loudly. "Sorry, Rachel. It was a long week and I'm exhausted." He stood to the side allowing her to saunter past him.
"It's okay, Mr. Greene." She gave him a long look before turning her attention to the children who ran in from the back yard to greet her.
John went upstairs to finish getting ready. By the time he and his wife came downstairs, Rachel was busy playing with the children in the living room. He noticed that she had put on a cardigan that made her clothes look considerably more conservative. Was that for his wife's benefit? Was she just trying to mess with him?
His wife was already out the door as John turned to give Rachel her final instructions. "We'll be back after eleven sometime. Is that okay?"
"Of course," Rachel replied, giving John a huge smile. "Um...would it be okay if you could give me a ride home? My car isn't running and my mom gave me a ride over here."
"Yes. That would be fine." John wondered if he could drive without sneaking glances over at her chest on the way to her house.
The opera was every bit as boring as John imagined it would be. He tried to put his arm around his wife a couple of times as they watched, but she brushed his hand off and gave him a look that told him how inappropriate he was being. In fact, he couldn't remember the last time she smiled at him, or laughed with him. He couldn't remember the last time they'd had a conversation that didn't entail her bitching at him for something.
He had been resigned to his fate for a while now. The marriage wasn't all bad and there had been glimmers of hope that it might get better and then of course there were the children. They had tried counseling, but his wife wouldn't do any of the actual work once they got home. She refused to talk to him about any of the issues that were raised in their sessions. She had the opinion that she was right about everything and wasn't open to the chance that she could be wrong. He found himself thinking about Rachel during the opera and cursing himself for his thoughts.
At last the show was over. "That was an excellent performance, don't you think?" his wife asked as they made their way out to the car. "Much better than that awful Foo Fighters rubbish you listen to."
John thought it better to keep his thoughts to himself, and they drove home in silence. Why did she have to throw that little barb at him? As they pulled into the driveway, he reminded Kathy that he had to give Rachel a ride home.
Kathy snorted and then told him that he better not forget to pay her and not to wake her up when he got back. She grabbed her coat and went into the house in front of him, said a quick good-night and thank you to Rachel and disappeared up the stairs.
John followed her in the door, fished some cash out of his pocket and handed it to Rachel. She was just slipping on her flip-flops and smiling at him. She wasn't wearing her cardigan.
"How were the kids?"
"They were perfect angels, just like always."
"No problems?"
"Of course not, Mr. Greene," she said. "They love me and you know that I love them."
John thought that an odd response. "Well...you know we both adore you and thank you for watching them. Kathy was exhausted or she would have told you herself."
"Oh, there's no need to apologize for her, Mr. Greene," Rachel answered.
That was another strange response. John was tired, though and didn't let his mind linger on it. "Are you ready?"
"Oh, yes. I'm totally ready." Rachel grinned at him.
John tried not to stare. Was she thrusting her chest out further on purpose? Her flat stomach was showing between the bottom of her shirt and her tight pants. John wondered if she was ever able to tuck her shirts in.
John looked away and opened the door letting Rachel exit first. They got in the car and John started the long drive to Rachel's house. She had been their babysitter for the past three years and that first year, Kathy and John took turns driving her home. It had been awhile since John had been alone in the car with her and he was having trouble finding something to say.
Rachel saved him the trouble. "How was the opera Mr. Greene?"
John could feel her gaze on him. "Oh it was fine," he lied. "Well, Kathy enjoyed it a lot more than I did."
"I bet," Rachel replied. "I'm sure you would have been much happier at a Foo Fighters or Def Tones concert."
"How...really...you like the Foo Fighters?" he asked, wondering how she had come to mention two of his favorite bands.
"Yes. I love both of them, and I know you do too. You're really funny."
"I try," John replied, feeling out of some kind of loop.
"I was looking through your CDs on the stereo," Rachel finished, laughing. "You always get nervous around me."
There, she had said it. Rachel had come out with one of those cold hard truths that most people don't talk about openly.
"Don't say that. I...I don't," John fumbled over his words. Who was the adult here?
"I'm just kidding with you. You're turning all red by the way," she replied.
John knew that he was turning red. This conversation was making it hard to concentrate on driving up the winding country road to Rachel's house. A flash of movement to one side, caught his eye and he realized he should have been paying more attention to the road.
A deer darted out from the trees and in front of John's car. He barely had time to brake and steer to avoid it. He managed to miss the deer but slid his car off of the road and into some brush on the side. Rachel screamed as the car came to a stop.
John's heart was racing. He reached across to grab Rachel's arm and accidentally brushed one of her enormous boobs.
"Oh, my fucking God!" she exclaimed, breathing hard and looking over at John.
"Are you okay?" he asked, staring into her big blue eyes.
"Yes," Rachel mouthed, without making a sound, staring back so hard at John that it almost hurt him to turn away.
John's eyes drifted down to Rachel's heaving chest as she fought to control her breathing. It was mesmerizing.
"We're okay," John said, lifting his gaze back to her eyes.
He squeezed her hand a little too hard. "We're okay," he said again.
Rachel nodded and squeezed back. Her little hand felt so warm and her skin felt electric against his.
John pulled his hands away as if they were burned.
"Let's see if I can get us out of here." He looked away from her, placing all of his concentration onto restarting the car. John was certain that if he had kept gazing into Rachel's eyes and squeezing her hands, he would have leaned over and kissed her, or more.
John got the car started and back on the road, resuming the trip. He found himself driving insanely fast even after their little mishap.
"Please, slow down," Rachel requested timidly, not looking at him this time.
His body was coursing with adrenalin, as much from Rachel as from the near accident. John took a deep breath, forcing himself to slow down. He got them both there in one piece. Rachel got out of the car and came around to the driver's side, motioning for John to lower the window. John sat there looking at her through the glass for a few seconds before finally lowering it. Rachel tilted her head forward just a little too close. John started to sweat. He couldn't move or say anything.
"Thank you," she said simply, smiling at him and then turned and ran into her house.
It was a long drive home, especially with a raging hard-on. John's house was cold and dark when he got home.
"Just like my fucking life and marriage," John muttered under his breath, as he locked up and went upstairs to bed.
The rest of the weekend was non-descript and Monday came just a little too fast. The following week was a long exercise in de-motivation.
John felt like his whole life was turning into Groundhog Day and the only thing he could think about was his barely-legal baby sitter. For God's sake, she was still in high school! Life used to be so much better and he never used to have deviant thoughts about young girls.
As the weekend approached, John decided that the problem was him. His whole attitude about life and his marriage and his career was the problem. He decided that, thinking about his babysitter was a direct result of his negativity. She was exciting and different. That was all. He would change and with his mental change he could change his life and his marriage and his job and everything else for the better. There had to be a way to break through to Kathy. She wasn't a bitch when he married her. She had changed somehow. He would figure it out and come up with a plan. He wasn't about to give up.
He made up his mind to make a concerted effort to connect with his wife again. Maybe she was cold because he was cold. If he tried hard enough and long enough she would come around again. He bought a dozen roses after work on Friday and made reservations for one of her favorite restaurants for Saturday night. When he got home, Kathy was standing in the foyer with two heavy bags and her hands on her hips.
"It's about time you got home." She glared at him.
"I...are you going somewhere?" He handed her the roses.
"How nice, but they'll be dead before I get home. You've got a black thumb," she said distractedly, throwing them down on the table in the foyer.
"What do you mean? Where are you going? You know I have to work tomorrow?"
"Yes. I know you have to work. Some of us keep calendars. I'm going to my sister's for a few days."
"Why?"
"She just had surgery this morning."
"I knew that," John lied. He had forgotten all about it. "Is she okay? I didn't think you were going down there though."
"I wasn't, but she called and really needs me. I called Rachel already and she'll be here before you go to work tomorrow. I've got to go. The kids are in doing their homework. No sugar this weekend. I should be back by Tuesday evening."
Then, without a goodbye or a parting good wish, Kathy was out the door.
"Well shit." John stared after her for a moment and then went in to see the kids.
John and the kids had a great night, playing the Wii and eating way too much sugar filled food and candy. It was the best night they had together in months. He hated to admit it, but he thought it was probably because Kathy was gone. She hardly ever seemed to have fun anymore.
The next morning John woke up late. The alarm hadn't gone off or maybe he just forgot to set it. Usually Kathy reminded him. "Damn her," John muttered as he ran into the shower. He threw on some clothes and ran down the stairs. He was immediately greeted to the scent of eggs and bacon wafting from the kitchen.
"What? How?"
"Oh there you are, sleepy head." Rachel leaned out of the kitchen doorway. "We thought we heard you coming down the stairs." She held out a cup of coffee to him.
"Uh...good morning Rachel," John said, taking the coffee. "I forgot you were coming over. I guess Kathy gave you a key?"
"No silly. I know where you guys keep the extra key outside. So I came early and decided you could use a good hot breakfast. That's yours at the table. Hurry up and eat so you aren't late."
"Wow. Thank you," John said sitting down at the table and digging in. He couldn't remember the last time he had eaten a hot breakfast at home. Kathy just decided one day that she was done cooking.
The kids had already finished and were in the family room watching cartoons. John stood up and grabbed his briefcase and jacket. "I'm not sure how late I'll be Rachel," he said.
"That's no problem. Stay as late as you need to. We'll be fine."
"I'll call and order you a pizza if I'm going to be really late." John was now awake enough to really look at Rachel. She was wearing another skin tight t-shirt and he could see the outline of her nipples poking out. She wasn't wearing a bra. Shit!
Rachel laughed. Had she caught him glancing at her chest? John started to turn red.
"Don't worry about pizza, Mr. Greene. I'll cook something up. Just let me know when you'll be home. I love to cook, and I've got two really good helpers in there. Say good bye to your dad, guys," she called into the family room.
"Good bye daddy!" two little voices shot out in unison.
John felt a warmth in his chest. This was how family life should be. Then he caught himself...life is what you make it.
"Okay, then," John said. "Dinner's on you, if you don't mind."
"I don't mind," Rachel said, beaming at him. "Have a great day Mr. Greene," she called after him as he walked out the front door.
John turned to her. "Call me John," he said and headed off to work.
John put in almost a full day of work finishing up his quarterly reports. He would be happy if he never saw another spreadsheet or SQL query for the rest of his life. When it was nearly six, he called Rachel and let her know that he was on his way home.
"That's great, John," Rachel said. "Dinner will be hot and ready when you get in."
"Wow. You really are good," he said. "Thanks again. You didn't really have to cook dinner."
"Yes I did silly," Rachel said, giggling, and then hung up the phone.
John found himself smiling like an idiot when he got off the phone. She had a way of making him feel like an awkward kid fresh out of high school. He had forgotten to ask her if she needed another ride home tonight.
John pulled up to his house about forty minutes later and the door opened up before he had a chance to fish his key out his pocket. "Hi, John,"Rachel smiled at him. "How was your day?" It was really nice to have someone ask about his day for once.
"It was great," he said, meaning it. It felt good to get everything done and not have to worry about someone giving him an attitude when he got home late. "I'm really glad to be home though." That was the truth.
"Well I'm glad you're home too," Rachel said. She reached out to take his briefcase and carried it into the house.
John followed her into the house and was greeted by the unmistakable smell of spaghetti and fresh garlic bread.
Rachel placed his briefcase by the stairs and motioned for John to follow her into the kitchen. She had two plates on the table and two glasses of wine as well.
"Thank you. This looks wonderful."
"You're welcome. I'm a little nervous. I'm afraid you won't like it."
The both sat down and started eating.
"Rachel, this is so good. Who taught you how to cook?" John couldn't believe how good it was.
"My mom," she replied. "Well, she started me off, but I absolutely love to cook and I've taken some classes at the community college already."
Rachel picked up her glass of wine and took a big gulp and John snapped back to reality.
"Uh...that might not be a good idea," he said. "I don't want you driving home after drinking and I don't want your parents to think that we're...partying here or something. In fact, you probably shouldn't be drinking at all"
"I already thought about that," she said, sucking an entire meatball into her mouth.
John's cock twitched in his pants. What did she mean that she'd already thought about that?
"Drink up. It's really good," Rachel said, draining her glass and then filling it up again from the bottle on the table.
John did drink up. She had definitely picked the correct wine. He should know. He was known as a wine snob by his friends. He hadn't realized she knew anything about wine or even where his wine cellar was.
"That really is good," John said. "How were you planning on getting home?" he asked, changing the subject.
"I'm not," Rachel said simply, taking another drink. "I told my parents that you wouldn't be home till really late and that it would be easier for me to stay the night and get picked up in the morning."
"Well...I mean..."
Rachel cut him off with laughter. "You are so silly," she said smiling and gazing into his eyes.
"Well, let's finish up, "John said.
When they were done, Rachel went up to check on the kids. John cleared the plates and started the dishwasher. Rachel came down a few minutes later. "Oh, I was going to do that."
"Not on your life," John said. "The cook never does his own dishes, at least not in this house."
"That's sweet, "Rachel said.
Was she tipsy already? John had only seen her drink two glasses but the bottle was empty already. "The kids are already in bed and just waiting for you to say goodnight to them."
"Thank you," John said, meaning it. He bounded up the stairs.
When he came back down a few minutes later, he noticed another open bottle of wine on the kitchen counter. He was more than a little uncomfortable having an underage drinker in the house, and even more so since it was Rachel. He went into the family room and found Rachel lounging on the couch. She had a glass for him as well.
"Here you go," she said handing it to him as he sat down on the far end of the couch, away from her.
"Thank you."
"Don't keep thanking me. You deserve it. You looked like you had a rough day when you walked in. It's time for you to relax."
She was right, of course. John just needed to relax. Rachel was going to sleep in the guest room. Nobody would ever find out that she was drinking here and it was just time for him to relax. Maybe that was the whole problem with everything. Maybe he was so uptight that it was having a negative impact on every aspect of his life.
"You're right," John said looking over at Rachel. "It was a long day and I just need to relax." He picked up the remote control and turned on the TV. "What do you want to watch?"
"Anything."
John looked over at her as she sipped her wine. She really was beautiful, with the biggest blue eyes and most amazingly huge breasts on such a slim figure. His cock started twitching again.
John turned his eyes back to the TV. What the fuck is wrong with you John? He started flipping through channels quickly, before settling on Dumb and Dumber. A good comedy was what they needed.
"I've never seen this one," Rachel said.
"You're in for a treat then."
They watched the movie, laughing together at all the funny parts, and finished off the second bottle of wine in the process. John didn't realize how much he missed sharing laughter with someone.
Somewhere near the end Rachel had dozed off. John watched the rise and fall of her chest as she slept. He was entranced. He couldn't take his eyes off of her nipples outlined beneath her shirt. She truly was beautiful. Now he had a problem. He had to get her into the guest room. Rachel had definitely had way too much wine and John was feeling a little tipsy himself.
"Okay...let's find out how much you weigh," John said moving over in front of Rachel. "Time for bed...can you hear me?" He gently shook her but she didn't respond. "Okay," he said and picked her up.
She was surprisingly light; much lighter than his wife. Of course, it had been years since he'd tried to pick Kathy up for any reason. He didn't think it would happen again unless it was to throw her out the front door on to her ass. John found that thought extremely funny and struggled to contain his laughter.
Rachel snuggled against John's chest as he carried her up the stairs. His cock hardened and he knew what he would be dreaming about all night. He managed to get her into the guest room, and onto the bed. She was wearing shorts, so he didn't feel the need to undress her. He pulled the covers over Rachel and left the room.
"Whew...that wasn't so bad," John said as he brushed his teeth a few minutes later. He decided to sleep in shorts, just in case he had to wake up for any reason and was soon fast asleep himself.
He woke up to the wind howling outside. It was going to be a stormy night. He got up and checked all the windows and looked in on the kids. Everything was as it should be and he was soon fast asleep again.
He woke up a little while later. There was someone else in his bed snuggled against him and snoring peacefully. It was Rachel. When had she gotten into his bed? Why had she gotten into his bed? She was still fully clothed and he was too tired to care so he rolled over to the other side of the bed.
He did dream about Rachel that night. He dreamed that he could feel her large soft breasts dragging against his legs as she deep throated his cock. He dreamed that he was bucking his hips up, driving his cock deep into her mouth. He dreamed that she was drooling around his cock and slurping on it, moaning in pleasure as she sucked him hard.
John snapped awake. This was no dream. The covers were off and so were his shorts. Rachel's giant tits were pressing into his legs and he was thrusting his cock deep into her mouth.
"No...stop..." he protested. "You have to stop!"
This only caused Rachel to grab the base of his cock and take him further down her throat. Where had she learned to do this? He was going to cum. She was staring into his eyes and sucking hard; swirling her tongue around his shaft. She wanted him to cum in her mouth. It was too late to stop.
Rachel moaned as John flooded her mouth with semen. She kept sucking him until he was spent and then released him and sat up on the bed. John's eyes were accustomed to the dark now and he could see her clearly. She was even more beautiful and more perfect than he had imagined that she would be. Her breasts seemed larger without the confines of a shirt. Her nipples were thick and long.
"You're still hard," she said giggling and looking down at his crotch.
"I...yes...I mean no...why are you..." John stammered.
Rachel shook her head and crawled up over John, letting her breasts drag up his body as she did. It was too late for John to protest. Rachel took one of John's hands and placed it on one of her massive breasts. It was so full and firm and soft. He squeezed.
"My God," he whispered. "You're perfect."
"I'm yours," she whispered back, kissing him lightly on the lips.
She was rubbing her pussy on his cock. She was already dripping wet. He had both hands on her chest now, mauling her breasts. She stuck her tongue into his mouth and they kissed passionately. She gripped him and guided him to her hole and in an instant he was inside her. She was so wet and hot and tight.
"Uh...Oh fuck you're big," Rachel grunted. "Let me do all the work."
Rachel rode him furiously, sliding her body up and down his. Her giant, full breasts mashed against John's body. She was so tight. He was going to cum again.
"You're...I'm going to cum," he panted.
"Me too," Rachel grunted, staring into his eyes. Her body started to shake. Her pussy contracted around his cock, and she whimpered setting off John's own orgasm.
Rachel leaned forward, pressing her lips against his. He responded by sucking her tongue into his mouth and they kissed fervently as they finished cumming together.
Rachel rolled off of John and they both lay there panting and gasping for breathe.
"That was the best sex I've ever had," John said and then regretted saying anything at all. What are you supposed to say after mind blowing sex with your eighteen-year-old babysitter in the bed that you share with your cold, frigid wife? "I mean...I don't know what to say."
"Don't say anything," Rachel said as she cuddled up next to John, draping her arm and leg over him. Her large, firm breasts were molded against the side of his body. She kissed him on the cheek and soon she was snoring again. John fell asleep a few minutes later.
John woke the next morning with a start. He popped up into a sitting position, full of panic. What had he done? He looked around the room. It was empty except for himself and the bedroom door was shut. There was absolutely no evidence of last night's tryst with the baby sitter. Maybe it was a dream? As John yanked on a t-shirt and sweatpants, he knew in his mind that he had done something very, very wrong last night.
He all but ran down the steps and into the kitchen and stopped dead in the doorway. Rachel and the two kids were singing a song about a bus and eating fruit loops between verses. It was the cutest thing John had ever seen. It had been a long time since there had been any singing in the Greene home. John smiled despite himself.
"Say, 'good morning, Daddy,'" Rachel commanded and kids cheerfully did as they were instructed and then went back to eating their cereal.
"We need to talk," John said, motioning for Rachel to follow.
"Sure," Rachel said smiling deeply at him. "You can finish the movie after you eat," she said to the kids as she followed John into the downstairs office.
He shut the door behind him, but Rachel spoke first.
"Kathy called."
"She did?" John kept himself calm.
"Yes. She called while you were sleeping. She was a little surprised that I was still here, but thought that it was a good idea. She asked if I could watch the kids tomorrow and Tuesday until she came home."
"I...well I was going to ask you but...I mean...it's not a good idea now. We need to talk about last night."
Rachel ignored John's comment and kept on going. "Did you know that I don't have school this week?"
"I didn't know that, but..." John countered. "It doesn't matter."
"So I told Kathy that I could, and she said you had early morning meetings both Monday and Tuesday and thought that spending the night in the guest room Sunday and Monday night would be best for the kids."
"She did?" John was flummoxed.
"Yes. I already told my mom and she's dropping off a bag of clothes for me later today. We're all set."
"No...I mean, we're not all set." John said.
"Kathy asked me what we did last night."
"What?"
"You heard me, didn't you?"
"Yes...what did you tell her?"
"What do you think I told her?"
John shook his head. Rachel wouldn't do that do him.
Rachel just laughed.
"What do you want for breakfast?" Rachel said. She smiled and left the room.
"I don't want anything," John said to himself. What was he supposed to do now? It was his dream come true and his worst nightmare. How could anything go back to normal again? Why would he want it to?
John decided to skip breakfast. He snuck a cup of coffee when Rachel was in tending to the children and then went upstairs to finish his TPS report.
He had been shut off in his bedroom the entire morning without interruption when the bedroom door opened. It was Rachel with her bags.
"Hey you," she said coyly. "I didn't want to disturb you while you were working up here. Everyone is down for their naps and I thought I'd take a shower."
"Thank you," John said. "You really are great with them. They'd still be crying if I was alone here trying to put them down to sleep."
"Well you aren't alone. You aren't alone anymore," Rachel said, peeling off her t-shirt.
"You shouldn't," John protested. "Last night was..." He was unable to finish as she stepped out of her shorts. She was perfect.
Rachel just giggled and locked the bedroom door. Her massive tits bounced as she walked towards John. He stood there frozen, his breathe quickening. Rachel changed directing just before she reached him and sauntered into the master bathroom. She looked back, motioning him to follow. John did.
Rachel had already started the shower. "I...I'm going downstairs to get some...to..." he stammered.
"I want you to join me in the shower. Please?" she walked over and kissed him hard on the lips, placing a hand on his crotch at the same time. He was already rock hard. She grabbed his cock firmly through the fabric of his pants.
John kissed her back, his hands roaming over her young supple body. Rachel stepped back. "Please?"
"Why?" he asked.
"Because I love you silly," Rachel said giggling again. She turned and walked into the shower.
John stared after her. Nobody beside his children, had told him that in years. Could she even know what love was? Asking God to forgive him, he pulled off his clothes and entered the shower with Rachel. Last night was bad enough, but at this second in time, he was about to cross the line of no return. Maybe he'd already crossed it last night. It didn't matter.
Rachel handed him the body wash and sponge. "I really need you to get my back good," she said turning away from him.
John started to lather up her back. Just touching her was sending electric shocks throughout his entire body. He felt like his head was going to explode.
"Don't forget my ass." She winked at him.
John didn't. He couldn't imagine ever forgetting a perfectly round ass like hers. It just wasn't possible. He worked the soap over her shapely ass and thighs and down the back of her legs and then worked his way up the sides of her stomach and reached around to her enormous boobs. Rachel moaned and leaned back against him as he worked his hands over them.
"It's my turn," Rachel said turning around. John closed his eyes as this beautiful young woman cleaned every last inch of him, paying singular attention to his rigid cock.
They made out as the hot water washed away all the soap. It seemed to wash away all of John's doubt and shame as well. They toweled off and then Rachel led John back out onto the bed.
"Let me take care of this for you," she said dropping to her knees in front of him. "It's so big. You have no idea how full I felt last night. I didn't know I could feel like that."
"Oh...it's not that big...I mean..."
John stopped talking as Rachel engulfed his member deep into her mouth. She was good. She slid her mouth up and down his shaft, taking him deeper each time. Then she blew his mind as she took him so deep into her throat that her nose was buried in his pubic hair. John had never felt anything so good in his life. Kathy certainly wasn't capable of this. Hell, she wouldn't even give him a hand job anymore.
John looked down at Rachel and they stared into each other's eyes as she worked her wonderful mouth up and down his shaft. She was drooling around his cock and moaning as she sucked him. John only lasted a few minutes.
"I'm going to cum," he warned.
Rachel pulled her mouth off of his cock long enough to plead for him to fill her mouth with it. That was all it took, and he started pumping cum between her lips.
"Ugh...Oh God..."
Rachel kept on sucking and swallowing until John started to deflate in her mouth. She pulled her mouth away. "Yummy."
John collapsed back onto the bed. "Come here," he commanded.
Rachel stood up. "I'm right here."
"No. That's not what I mean. Come here. I want your pussy on my face. I'm going to eat you."
"Oh!" Rachel exclaimed and then jumped onto the bed, crawling over John's body until her naked sex was right over his face. "No one's ever done that to me before."
John pulled her down onto his mouth and started to lick her oozing slit. Rachel moaned and ground herself against John's mouth. "Oh Fuck! Eat me!" she squealed.
John pleasured her, licking and sucking on her clit. It had been years since he had done this, and he was going to make the most of it. She was delicious and her body was telling him that he was doing it right.
"Oh...oh....I'm cumming," she moaned as her body shook in orgasm. John kept licking and sucking her as she came. Rachel kept grinding her pussy against John's mouth. She rolled off of him a few minutes later, breathing heavily.
John looked over at her squeezing her hand. "Are you okay?"
"I couldn't breathe...fuck...that was so intense...that was so good....oohh."
They both lay there recovering on the bed, holding hands.
"I love you," Rachel said and then grabbed some clothes and a small bag of toiletries and ran into the bathroom.
"Shit," John said to himself, still savoring her taste on his tongue. "She really is delicious."
Rachel came out a few minutes later. "It's all yours," she said smiling at him. "I'm going to check on the kids and what I've got in the oven."
She was wearing the tightest jeans that John had ever seen. They were a second skin, revealing every inch of her luscious ass and shapely legs. She had on an almost sheer white top with a plunging neckline. John could see her large thick nipples poking against the fabric. Rachel just laughed at him and left the bedroom. John's cock was semi-hard again. He shook his head and walked into the bathroom.
John brushed his teeth, got dressed and went downstairs as well. When he got there he could smell a roast that Rachel had in the oven. She knew her way around the kitchen for sure. She was outside playing with the kids again. What was he going to do? Did she really love him? Was he going to leave his wife? What about the kids? She was too young for him!
Just then there was a knock on the front door. John was surprised when he opened it up and it was his sister. "Uh...Hi," John said, clearly surprised.
"Hey John," she said. "Well, aren't you going to let me in?"
Of course not, John thought to himself. My braless, barely-legal, illicit lover is out back playing with my children and you want to come in? Instead, John simply said, "yes."
John's sister, Wendy, was a few years younger than John and lived in Pennsylvania.
"What are you doing here?" he asked, just now noticing that she had a suitcase with her.
"Don't you remember?" She sighed and stared at him. "I told you I was heading out west for the writer's faire and that I'd be stopping by Sunday night. Don't tell me that you forgot?"
"I...no...I mean yes. I forgot."
"Where's Kathy?"
"Well that's part of the problem. Her sister was in the hospital and she left to help her out for a few days. Things have been kind of crazy around here, especially with work. It doesn't matter though. You're always welcome and we always have room for you."
"Well that explains a lot," Wendy said laughing. "Are you cooking? Something smells wonderful."
"Well, not exactly," John said grabbing Wendy's suitcase and setting it near the stairs. "Do you remember Rachel, our babysitter?"
"She's here? She's cooking?"
"Yes. It was all Kathy's idea."
"Of course," Wendy replied. "I see."
There was no love lost between John's sister and his wife. "Come on out and say hi to the kids," John said, leading Wendy to the back of the house.
As soon as the kids saw John's sister, they came running in from the back yard. "Hi Aunt Wendy!" they said in unison, smothering her in hugs and kisses.
"Hi," Rachel said sheepishly, standing in the doorway.
"Hi Rachel," Wendy said, arching her eyebrows, obviously shocked by Rachel's barely covered breasts. "Shouldn't...never mind...do you remember me from a few a few years ago? You've changed."
"Thank you," Rachel replied. "I do remember you."
At this point the kids ran back outside to finish making mud pies and Rachel hurried along behind them.
"John, we need to talk," Wendy said angrily to John. "She looks like a slut and in front of the kids."
"I was upstairs working and just now came down. I had no idea," he defended himself. His own anger was rising; or was it guilt?
"Okay...Christ, I'm sorry," Wendy said putting a hand on her brother's arm. "It's been a long drive and I'm a little grumpy. I was just shocked. I know that's how girls dress these days. Could you tell her to change shirts, for me?"
"Of course," John replied. "Why don't you go upstairs and freshen up. Rachel was going to stay in the guest room but it's all yours. She won't mind sleeping on the couch."
Wendy just nodded and took her bags upstairs. John called Rachel in, but before he could say anything, she told him that she was going upstairs to change shirts and get her stuff out of the guest room.
"That was easy," he said to himself. Why did she have to make everything so damn easy?
John and Wendy spent the rest of the afternoon catching up and playing with the kids as Rachel made dinner. "It's like having your own live in housekeeper," Wendy said as Rachel call from the kitchen that dinner was ready. John smirked. It was a lot more than that.
Dinner was great and Wendy started warming up to Rachel. They both kicked John out of the kitchen and cleaned up together. They were actually having a good time in there, joking around. John thought that it was nice to have the sound of friendly laughter coming out of the kitchen for a change.
When it was time to turn in for the night, Wendy apologized for taking the guest room and offered it back to Rachel.
"No thanks Wendy," Rachel replied. "I'm fine out here and these couches are very comfortable. I'll probably sleep better than you."
John hoped so. He knew that he wouldn't be able to resist her if she snuck into his room tonight. He still didn't know what he was going to do? Just cut Rachel off and find another babysitter? Would she keep quiet? Did John even want her to?
John awoke in the middle of the night with a massive hard on. Well, that wasn't quite right. He awoke in the middle of the night to Rachel jacking him off to his full length and hardness.
"Rachel! What are you doing? My sister is in the next room!" he hissed at her.
Rachel responded by taking half his shaft into her mouth and swirling her tongue around it. Soon she was bobbing her head up and down his thick cock, making wet slurping noises. John was unable to protest. The feeling was too good and the sounds of her sloppy blowjob were almost too much.
Rachel pulled her mouth off of his cock, drool running down her chin. "I missed you today. I felt like we had to keep our relationship a secret with your sister here."
"We do," John said as Rachel pulled off her oversized t-shirt letting her monumental tits spring free. "Oh, my God."
Rachel got on the bed and lay back, spreading her legs. "I've never needed anything in my life as badly as I need you right now. I was going to ask you to make love to me but all I really want you to do is fuck me," she said pouting her lips for effect.
"I...Wendy is...you..." John stammered. His cock was impossibly hard and it hurt.
Rachel inserted a finger into her pussy and started fucking herself with it. "I need this to be your cock, lover. Your cock is much thicker and longer than my finger and it will pump me full of your baby seed."
In spite of himself he crawled over Rachel, squeezing one of her plump boobs as she continued to finger herself. Did she just say baby seed? He had filled her pussy up with his semen without using protection. He hadn't even bothered to ask her if she was on the pill. What if he got her pregnant? She probably already was. This was a nightmare. She was his personal whore of Babylon and he was helpless to stop himself.
"Please," Rachel whispered huskily. "Be my man and fuck me."
"I am your man," John said and thrust himself inside her. Soon they were sucking on each other's tongues as they fucked. Rachel was moaning into his mouth and grabbing John's ass, urging him deeper. Rachel was so tight and warm and alive. He knew in that instant that he would never give her up. They both came together, neither of them noticing Wendy watching from the doorway.
Rachel slept with John that night, only bothering to get dressed when his alarm clock went off for work. She took her time pulling on her pajamas and leaving his room.
When John finished dressing, he left the room and ran right into Wendy.
"John...we need to talk."
"What's up? I haven't had any coffee yet so don't make it too complicated."
"Oh this is going to be easy," Wendy said looking like she was about to unleash the fury of the world upon him.
"Okay, you've got my attention."
"I know that Rachel slept with you last night."
"Slept with me?"
"Don't make me say it. Goddamn you!"
"I..."
"I saw you fucking each other's brains out last night. There! Do you understand that?""
John strode past his sister and headed down the stairs and into the kitchen. Rachel and the kids were sitting there eating fruit loops. He stood there for a minute, realizing that his little fantasy was soon going to be over. Rachel stood up as soon as she saw John enter the kitchen, and went over to the coffee machine. Wendy followed John into the kitchen and her and Rachel shared a look. It was a look that said that there were no secrets here this morning. They both turned and looked at John.
"Go finish your movie, guys," Rachel said to the children. They both took off into the family room leaving only the adults.
"John?" Rachel asked. It was a question that really asked everything.
"John," Wendy said simply.
John started to sweat. He wanted to crawl into a hole. It was moments like this that defined who a man really was. He didn't want to be a timid little coward who cheated and lied.
John went over to Rachel and pulled her against him. Her massive chest squeezed between them, as he looked her in the eyes. "I love you," he said and kissed her passionately. She kissed him back, wrapping her arms around him.
They stepped apart, holding hands and looked over at Wendy.
"Well I guess that settles that," Wendy said. "Now, what?"
"I guess I'd better call Kathy."
"She'll be furious," Wendy said.
"I don't think so. She can have the house. She doesn't even like the kids."
"You're being a little simplistic," Wendy said. "Life's way more complicated..."
John cut her off. "I see everything so clearly now. I'm tired of doing the wrong thing and banging my head against the wall. I've got to make a few phone calls."
John found Wendy and Rachel drinking coffee together in the living room, when he came back. He went over to Rachel and kissed her, sitting down next to her. She melted against him, eyes wide, mouth open.
"Well?" Wendy asked.
"I told her I was leaving her and that I was taking the kids. I told her that she could have the house and that we'd work out visitation and that my lawyer would be in contact with hers. For once in her life, she didn't have much to say. She asked who would be watching the kids and I told her Rachel would. She didn't say much more that that, except that she wanted all of my stuff gone by the time she got home."
"Where will you go?" Rachel asked.
"That's the wrong question Rachel," John said, grasping both her hands in his and gazing into her eyes.
"I just can't...I don't know how to ask what I'm feeling," she said. She took a big gulp as tears streamed down her face.
"I've just rented us a townhouse. You're moving in with me. You're moving in with us."
"Oh, John," she said collapsing against him.
"Oh, John," Wendy said. "Should I stay and help you pack?"
"Please," John and Rachel said in unison. Wendy did. John and his Busty little baby sitter made babies and lived happily ever after.
The End.
