Chapter 1
“It’s a fantastic idea, Beth, they’ll love it!”
My younger sister had just explained her idea of taking our parents away for a holiday in the sun to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary, and as usual with her, I thought it was a great suggestion. Although she was only twenty-three, Beth had always been the star child in our family, the one who worked hard and really achieved – she’d got a good job straight from university and could probably afford to treat the folks like this, but the nice thing about her was that she was generous with her money too, she genuinely wanted to treat them. And if I was going to be included as well – even better! I was the polar opposite of Beth, three years older but nowhere near her in terms of a career ladder – whilst she’d always tried and won I’d rarely bothered trying at anything in life, academically, professionally or in terms of relationships. But I was okay with that, and the two of us got along just fine, even if our paths didn’t often cross these days.
“Are you going to invite Ann, too?” Ann was our older sister, three years my senior.
“Well, yes, of course,” Beth replied, “but I don’t know if she’ll be able to come. She’ll have to get someone to look after Jamie and I don’t see John wanting to do that after the past few months.” We both had to feel for Ann – she’d been a cross between Beth and me in that she’d always tried hard in life, but never seemed to get anywhere. Married at twenty to a man the rest of the family instantly disliked, she had recently and finally freed herself in a messy divorce, but was left struggling to juggle an underpaid job with looking after her seven year old son.
“Have you talked to mum and dad about it yet, Beth?”
“No, and I don’t want you talking to them either! Leave it with me because I want it to be a big surprise for them. I’m going to tell them they’re going away, but not that we’re joining them or where we’re going or any of that. I’ll organise everything.”
I knew when to back off gracefully, Beth usually got her way and if I was being honest with myself she’d do a far better job than I would with this sort of thing.
“I’m going to bring Paul along,” she continued, “is there anyone, you know, special, that you’d like to come as your guest?”
Beth and Paul had got engaged a couple of months ago – he was a hot shot doing a job I didn’t understand somewhere in the city, but a decent guy if the couple of brief meetings I’d had with him were anything to go by. I was thinking about Becky. I’d been seeing her for a couple of months now, but I wasn’t really sure if it was going anywhere. The plan was for the family holiday to happen in September, and it was June now – I couldn’t be sure if we’d still be a couple in three months. “No,” I said, “nobody special. It should be a family thing anyway, really, and Paul’s about to become family.”
Over the next couple of months I got regular updates from Beth, who was revelling as ever in her role of chief organiser. We were going to Tenerife, close enough that the flight wouldn’t tire the older members of the party out, but far enough to guarantee plenty of sunshine. The apartment was booked, and our parents knew they were being treated but not how. Ann was trying to arrange her affairs and come, but couldn’t be sure if she could, but Beth had booked a place for her anyway. And my relationship with Becky was as up and down as ever, at times fantastic and at times almost non-existent. I’d told her I was going away with my family, and she was okay about not coming too – I was confident I’d made the right choice not to bring her.
As far as I was concerned, it would be a nice break in the sunshine, no pressures. The week just couldn’t arrive soon enough.
Chapter 2
“Oh, Beth, it’s fabulous!” my mum enthused, and she was right. The apartment was huge, it’s white stone walls contrasting perfectly with the clear blue sky, the wooden floor cool under foot. The kitchen had all the conveniences of modern life, and the bedrooms were bright and airy. Balconies overlooked the town and sea, and an exterior staircase led up to a roof terrace, which featured a small swimming pool and a bubbling hot tub. It must have cost Beth a fortune.
“Glad you managed to come now?” I grinned at Ann as our parents looked around the kitchen. She smiled back at me, although I knew from talking to her on the plane that she was tired and a little worried about Jamie, who she’d left with her ex-mother in law for the week. I’d wondered how Ann would deal with being away from the kid, but thought that if she could relax a little then she’d really enjoy the break, she looked like she needed it. Ann was tall and slim, but looked older than her years, worn down by the world. I’d remembered her as a vivacious woman in her mid twenties, but the last year had hurt her badly by the looks of it. Her eyes were dulled, she could have done with a haircut, and she appeared distracted and unable to concentrate. I decided then that I’d try my best to ensure she had a good break, especially as it looked like we were going to have to share a room together.
There were three bedrooms – my parents obviously had the biggest, Beth and Paul the second. Beth had asked me if I minded sharing with Ann or taking the sofa in the lounge, and I’d been quite happy with either option, but on closer inspection the sofa didn’t fold out into a bed after all. There were two big beds in the third bedroom, though, and Ann shrugged her acceptance of the weeks living arrangements. We started to unpack our bags.
“Mum and dad look so happy, don’t they?” Ann observed, sitting on her bed amongst strewn clothes. “I’m really pleased for them.”
“Yeah,” I agreed, “they like having us lot around too, probably makes them feel young again!”
She laughed. “Reckon I could do with feeling young again too!”
“Well I think you need to relax, sis. We all know you’ve been having a tough time recently, but hopefully things will be getting better now the divorce is out of the way. I know it’s not going to be easy, but…”
“Not easy!” she interrupted, “I’m not sure you realise quite what it’s like to be a single mother, it’s near on impossible! I can’t just forget all about John, you know, with Jamie too….” her voice trailed off.
“I know, I know, I’m not asking you to forget about it, I just think that this break will be good for you as well as mum and dad. A change is as good as a rest, and all that. Come on, you’re still young, beautiful – enjoy the sunshine, let your hair down a bit, and above all else, relax. It’ll be fun, you’ll see!”
“Bloody hell, I feel like I’m a child again. Holiday with parents, sharing a room with my brother, being bossed around by my baby sister!” but she was smiling whilst she said this. “Of course I’m going to enjoy it, and I’m really grateful to Beth for sorting it all out. The place is great, isn’t it?”
“Not bad at all,” I said, “race you to the swimming pool!” I was hot after the flight and taxi ride from the airport, and the pool looked so inviting. I turned my back on Ann, shrugged my shirt off and sat down on the bed. Kicking my shoes off, I thought for a second that I should go into the bathroom to change into my swimming shorts, but I figured that as I was facing away from my sister she wouldn’t see me naked, and anyway, we were going to have to share for the week so we might as well be relaxed about it. I slipped off my jeans and boxers, and stood up to pull on my shorts. Turning round to face Ann, I gave a cheery smile. “See you upstairs in a minute!”
The pool was lovely and cool. I dived straight in and swum four or five lengths quickly, before stopping to sit on the steps leading down to it, covered in water up to my neck. I could live with this for a week, I thought. Ann was the next person out to the pool, wearing a black one piece swimming suit and carrying a large beach towel. I greeted her with a wave, and she smiled back at me, following my lead by jumping into the pool. “Oh, that’s nice!” she exclaimed, swimming up to me and standing in front of me to shake the water from her hair. She reached round to pull her hair away from her face, and as she looked upwards I couldn’t help but stare at her chest. Her breasts, always covered in sensible motherly sweaters before, were firm and rounded, and the chill of the water had caused her nipples to swell, pressing hard against the fabric of her swim suit. Very nice indeed, I thought to myself, before coming back to reality with a bump as Ann sat beside me. Christ, I shouldn’t be ogling my sister’s tits!
Beth and Paul strolled up to the pool too, and we were shortly joined by our parents to make a very happy gathering. Beth had clearly been in the tanning salon, and her bright yellow bikini contrasted with her brown skin beautifully. Her and Paul made for a good looking couple, he lean and fit, she petite and pretty. Our parents looked on approvingly as they splashed about in the pool, every inch the perfect match. “What are we going to do on our first night, then?” dad asked, and we all got into discussing the available entertainment in the area.
In the end we decided on doing very little that night – we were all tired after the flight, and wanted to save some exploring time for later in the week. Paul and I walked down into the town and bought some food and wine, and we chilled out on the terrace eating and drinking, watching the sunset over the bay. The evening was still warm, and I had a pleasant buzz from the wine. This was going to be a great, relaxing week.
Mum and dad were the first to start yawning, and went off to bed at around nine. Beth wasn’t far behind them, but judging by her smile she wasn’t tired. “Come on, Paul, take me to bed,” she teased as she flounced off down the stairs, glancing over her shoulder and beckoning him to follow. He grinned at Ann and me, shrugged his shoulders as if resigned to his fate, and followed quickly.
Ann broke the silence after a couple of minutes. “Did you mean what you said earlier?”
“When?” I replied.
“When you said I was still young and beautiful.”
“Oh, yeah, Ann, of course!”
“But I guess that was just my baby brother trying to cheer me up, wasn’t it?”
“No, I don’t think so,” I said. “Christ, Ann, you’re not even thirty yet, you’re nowhere near past it. Just because you’ve had a bad experience doesn’t mean you’re automatically going to have to stick with that…where you are in life at the moment…you know.”
I was rambling a bit, I realised, too much wine. But Ann continued. “I just want to feel desired again, I don’t think anyone’s looked at me as a woman for years, they only see me as a mother now.”
If I hadn’t had as much to drink, or if I hadn’t been so relaxed, I probably wouldn’t have said what I then said. “That’s nonsense, Ann. I think you’re very desirable, couldn’t help but admire your tits earlier and your body’s in great shape. You’ve still got that cute smile sometimes, and I love your eyes, when you don’t hide behind your hair.”
Aware I’d gone over the top, I tailed off. Ann was looking straight at me, and I held eye contact for as long as I could. She was blushing, I could see that even in the half light. “Ann, sorry, I’ve embarrassed you now,” I started, but she interrupted by standing up and coming over to my chair, bending forward and giving me a hug.
“Don’t be sorry, you silly boy. Thank you, that was a lovely thing to say, even if you are a bit drunk. I’m sorry to go on about it, you must be fed up hearing my problems.”
I hugged her back. “Don’t be daft, it does you good to talk about stuff. And I didn’t mean that I was staring at you earlier, it’s just that they were, kind of, in my face!”
She was laughing now. “Well I’m pleased you like them!” She sat down next to me. “So tell me all about your life, haven’t really caught up for ages. I heard you were seeing a girl – why didn’t you bring her along?”
I told her about my up and down relationship with Becky. Ann showed a genuine interest, and I found the discussion getting more and more detailed – I’d never really talked about this kind of thing with anyone before. “Don’t know if I should be telling my sister all about my sex life!” I joked.
“No, go on, it’s interesting,” she came back with. “I don’t have a sex life at the moment, so it’s about as close as I get! And if I’m ever going to have another relationship I guess I need a few dating tips! So, basically, what you’re saying is that the sex is good but when it’s over you can’t be bothered to do more for the relationship, yeah?”
I had to agree. “Does that mean I don’t care about Becky enough?” I wondered.
“Well maybe,” Ann replied. “Do you wonder what she’s doing now?”
“Not really, I guess it’s Thursday night back in England, and she’s probably watching TV with her flatmate, discussing what to do at the weekend. Not too exciting!”
“Whereas you are sitting under a warm, starlit sky, drinking wine with a single woman you’ve already described as beautiful! Do you think she’s wondering about you?”
I was laughing with her now. “No, probably not. Anyway, I thought I was supposed to be the one cheering you up, not the other way around!”
“Come on,” she said, “I’m going to bed. Last one downstairs has to turn the light out!”
She was always going to win that race. By the time I got downstairs she was in the bathroom, so I took my shirt off and sat on my bed, waiting for her to come out so I could go to the toilet. When she walked into the room, she too had taken off her t-shirt, and laughed as she threw it at me. “Still think they’re desirable?” she asked. Her bra was a creamy white colour, obviously built to push up her breasts.
Of course I still thought they were desirable! “Yes, you big tease,” I said, “But I need the loo now, please!” and stood up to walk past her.
As I did, she grabbed hold of my arm and turned me towards her. “Thank, Joe,” she said, “it does mean a lot to me, you know.” She reached out to hug me, and I pulled our bodies closer. It was nice to feel her bare skin on mine, as she rested her head on my chest.
I lowered my head and kissed her gently on the forehead. “Anytime, sis,” I said. “But I really do need to go now!” I broke off the hug, and went through to the bathroom. I was slightly disturbed to realise that I had an erection, and I hoped Ann hadn’t noticed as we’d hugged. She was a desirable woman, but she was also my sister! I pulled myself together and brushed my teeth.
The light was off when I went back into the bedroom, and I heard Ann getting comfortable under the sheets. I sat on the edge of my bed and slid my jeans off. I always sleep naked, but again had that moment of doubt about whether it was appropriate at the moment. But not for long – I slipped my boxers off and quickly threw the sheet over me. It was cool and crisp, the bed comfortably firm. I was tired, too, and closed my eyes as my head hit the pillow. “Hey,” said Ann, gently, “thought you might like this.” Something landed on the pillow next to my head.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“My bra,” she said. “So much nicer to be naked under these crisp cotton sheets, eh?”
“Oh yes,” I agreed, “but how am I supposed to sleep now, I’ll have those fabulous tits on my mind all night!”
Ann’s wicked giggle was the last thing I remember as I drifted off to a deep sleep.
Chapter 3
It was just about light when I woke, but only about six o’clock. Had there been a noise, or was it just a throbbing erection that had woken me? I reached down a grasped my thick cock, feeling a tingle deep in my balls. The sheet was pushed to one side, and I suddenly remembered that Ann was in the room too. I glanced over to her bed, but she was sleeping soundly, lying on her back and breathing evenly. Her sheet had been kicked down in the night, though, and my cock twitched in my hand as I stared at her chest – her tits were fantastic, I hadn’t been kidding myself. I stroked my hard cock up and down a couple of times, slowly, enjoying the sensation. God I was horny, I must have been having a glorious dream. The tip of my penis was wet with the pre-cum, and slippery as I flicked a finger over the top of it. I rolled onto my side so I could look at Ann and rub myself at the same time, and began a slow, rhythmic motion, imagining licking her puffy nipples, edging the sheet further down to reveal her pussy, her legs parting at the touch of my finger tips, her slippery slit, a triangle of fine hairs, desire in her heavy breathing….faster and faster I pumped my cock, and all of a sudden I was coming, spurting a string of creamy spunk onto the sheet and onto my stomach.
I lay back, breathing heavily, still stroking my sensitive penis as the hardness shrunk away. Fucking hell, I was wanking over my sister. Jesus, hope I hadn’t woken her up, she’d be horrified. I pulled the sheet back over my body, closed my eyes and tried to get back to sleep.
I must have managed to, because the next thing I knew there was a light knock at the door and my mum was calling. “Breakfast on the terrace in ten minutes, you two.”
I sat up, yawned and stretched. Ann had just woken up too. “Morning,” she smiled across at me. “Sleep well?”
She made no move to cover her body with the sheet, if anything her stretching out was pulling the sheet further down. “Yeah, think so,” I said, aware that my erection was making a return. “You?”
“Mmm, yes, very comfortable. Lots of nice dreams, too,” she grinned. “Can I have my bra back now?” I’d forgotten about that, it was still on my pillow. I threw it back with a chuckle.
“Cover yourself up, you hussy!” I joked. “I’m not going to be able to get up otherwise!”
Ann simply threw off the sheet, swung her legs over the far side of the bed and stood up, facing away from me. Looking over her shoulder, she winked at me, and walked the couple of steps into the bathroom. I breathed out hard. Her arse was as good as her tits, bloody hell, who would have thought it! I reached down to my hard cock again. No, no, had to get up! Grudgingly I stood up, pulling on my swimming shorts. Ann came back into the room, and stood facing the wardrobe. Making up her mind, she picked a dark blue one-piece swimming costume out, and, still with her back to me, bent down to step into it. I couldn’t help myself, I just had to stare at her arse. It was round and full, smooth curves merging into her hips and down to her thighs. She seemed to take an age to stand upright again, and she wriggled her arms into the straps of the suit before turning round towards me. She picked out a short skirt and a t-shirt to go over the suit, and threw these on too, seeming not to notice the bulge in my shorts. “Breakfast, then!” she said brightly, and turned to go out to the living room.
Shaking my head, I stumbled into the bathroom and doused my face in cold water. My erection had subsided enough for me to go out now, so I found a long t-shirt and, as casually as I could, went to join the rest of the family.
Breakfast was as relaxed as the previous nights dinner. Everyone had very quickly got into the holiday way of life, I thought, as we discussed what to do later. Paul was describing some of the activities available down in the town – we’d had a quick scout around on our way back from the supermarket yesterday afternoon – and there were several boat trips. “I’d like to go up to Teide, the big mountain in the middle of the island,” Ann piped up, and Paul told her about a tour company that was advertising day trips. Mum and dad were more interested in sitting by the pool and catching some sunshine, and Beth claimed that she wouldn’t be able to breathe up there, so I said that I’d go along with Ann if she wanted. “Cool,” she said, and smiled at me. Stretching out her leg, she rubbed her foot against my calf under the table, and then a little higher. God she was such a tease! I looked sternly at her, and pushed her foot further down. She pouted, as if disappointed, and said she was going off for a swim. Of course, I had to wait a couple of minutes for my erection to go down before joining her!
“You are a very naughty girl!” I whispered to her, as we splashed about in the pool. “You can’t go around giving me a hard-on with our parents around! What if they saw us?”
“Ooh, so it’s not “don’t do it,” it’s “don’t let anyone see,” is it?” she laughed at me. “You’re just as bad as me! You shouldn’t have been gawping at my body, should you? Well if you can tease me with your words, I can tease you too!”
I couldn’t argue. I was enjoying every minute of our little game, even though I knew it was a dangerous one to play. Nothing wrong with a bid of holiday escapism, I thought, and my sister certainly seemed a lot brighter and happier today.
“Joe, would you put some suntan oil on my back, please?” Ann called to me a little later. She was lying face down on one of the big loungers, and I was sitting reading a book. I walked over to her, and picked up the bottle of oil from her side. Perching on the edge of the sun bed, I poured a little oil into my hand and drizzled a little more directly onto her back. She gasped as the cold oil touched her hot skin. I quickly placed my hands on her back, gently but firmly massaging her shoulders and down her arms, before returning to the middle of her back. “Mmm, that’s nice,” she murmured. “Can you do my legs, too?”
Pouring a little more oil, I sat further down the bed and reached over to massage the backs of her legs. She shifted a little on the bed, and as my hands moved up from calves to thighs, her legs parted just a little. I moved my slippery hands down again, then up, each time noting her thighs moving further apart. My hands moved further up too, and I found my thumbs spreading her arse out a little with each push. She was breathing deeply and evenly, loving my attention. I chanced a little more contact, my finger trailing lightly over her swim suit, down the crack of her arse and smoothly over her pussy. She shuddered slightly – had I gone too far? But the next time my hand moved between her legs she closed them tightly around it, keeping my fingers there, for just a couple of seconds. “Thank you, Joe,” she whispered, “don’t think I’ll burn now for a bit.”
Looking carefully over at the rest of the family, I squeezed her arse cheek firmly once, and got up to dive straight into the pool. I needed to cool off!
The rest of the day passed slowly, as we all unwound from the stresses of our everyday lives. Mum and dad seemed to sleep most of the time, while Ann, Beth, Paul and I read books and jumped in the pool when it got too hot. Ann was careful not to get too close to me, and I didn’t push it at all. Later in the evening, we all walked down into the town for some food, and found an Italian restaurant right on the beach, which served excellent seafood washed down with cold white wine. Back at the apartment, Beth and Paul disappeared to bed, whilst dad fixed a nightcap for the rest of us. Ann said she was going to bed, and I sat on the terrace sipping a small whiskey with my dad. Perhaps our game was over.
When I slipped into the bedroom, I assumed Ann was asleep. I went to the bathroom, took off all my clothes and walked back to the bed, quietly easing myself under the sheet. It was a bit of a surprise when Ann spoke: “Hey, you.”
“Oh, Ann, sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
“You didn’t, I wasn’t asleep. How’s it going with you then?”
“Okay, cool,” I said. “It’s been a nice evening, good food, good company. You alright?”
“Yeah, think so. Missing Jamie a bit, I guess. Not sure what I’m doing here really. But yeah, I’m doing okay.”
There was something in her voice telling me she wasn’t telling the whole truth. “You sure, Ann,” I said, “you sound a bit unhappy.”
She sniffed. Was she crying? “Hey, Annie, don’t cry,” I said, sitting upright in bed. “I’m sure Jamie’s cool, he’s being well looked after, and you should be using this time for yourself, it’s great to get away from things for a while.”
She was crying. I slid my legs over the edge of the bed, and knelt down beside her bed. Reaching up, I stroked her hair back from her face, down to her neck. “It’ll be okay, honest! Relax and enjoy your week. You’ll be able to put everything into perspective when you get home, but for now don’t think about it too much.”
Ann wriggled her arms free and placed them around my neck and shoulders. “You’re just so bloody reasonable sometimes!” she smiled. “Give us a hug.”
I eased my arm under her head, and kissed her gently on the top of her head. My right arm slid down her back over the sheet, and I squeezed her gently. I could have stayed kneeling beside her bed for ages, but Ann was pulling me up towards her. I ended up half sitting and half lying on the edge of the bed, and Ann rolled onto her back and pulled me down next to her. “A proper hug,” she demanded, rolling over more so she had her back to me now. I moved so I was facing the same way as her and put my arm around her side. She wriggled slightly against me. “That’s better,” she whispered. “You sleep well. Think I will like this.”
I kissed the back of her head. “Sleep well, sis, sleep well.” She was nearly asleep, her breathing slow and regular. I breathed in the scent of her hair, tired too but all too aware that I was naked, and that although there was a sheet separating us my penis would be pressing into her back if I moved an inch or two. I moved away from her slightly, and drifted gently off to sleep.
Chapter 4
I woke up with a start. Where was I? Who was this with me? What time was it? It was still pitch black outside, and I just about made out the time on the fluorescent digital clock on the table. 3:38. My penis throbbed – had I been dreaming again? I still had an arm around Ann’s side, palm resting flat on her stomach, although the sheet was separating us too. I moved my arm slowly down to rest on her hip, adjusting my position slightly so that my cock wouldn’t bump her too much. My arm travelled down the outline of her leg. She was definitely naked too, I couldn’t feel any knickers. I stretched my arm as far as it would go, trailing my fingers back up her leg, over her hip and up her side, to where I could feel the swell of her breast. Slowly, almost dreamily, I stroked down and under her breasts, cupping one gently in my hand, and then down onto her stomach again.
My sister sighed. Oh god, was she awake? My hand froze on her flat belly, and I listened carefully to Ann’s breathing. Same as normal, slow and regular, she was still asleep. I breathed out, a sigh of relief, and my hand continued its slow exploration of her body. I traced the same pattern as before, down her leg, up again and up to her breast, gently stroking and back down to her stomach. The next cycle I varied slightly, rather than over her hip on the way back up I trailed my hand lightly over her buttocks, running a finger over her crack, before carrying on up her side. I felt so horny, this delicate, teasing stroking was fantastic. The next cycle I lightly rubbed the front of her breast – her nipples were tight and erect as I brushed over them. I hoped my sister was having a beautiful, sexy dream, which is what I felt I was in the middle of. Trailing my hand down her front, I reached round further than before to stroke over her pussy and down the front of her legs this time.
Up I went again, a little firmer over her arse now, and brushing my cock too. I was nearly coming, this was one of the most erotic feelings I’d ever had. My fingertip traced slow circles around her nipples, one after the other, and then up further for the first time, gently across her neck and then back down her side. This time I grasped my penis firmly, and pulled on it a couple of times, edging myself closer to the inevitable eruption, but not yet – I wanted this to last as long as possible. I rubbed the small of Ann’s back, and pushed my hand down onto her arse, one finger exploring around her tight hole, and then further down. Were her legs further apart than before? They had to have been, I hadn’t been able to brush across her cunt the last time. I ran my hand back up her front, and across her tits. Her breathing was deeper now – had I woken her? I didn’t think so, but I wasn’t sure I cared any more, I needed to touch her, needed the physical relief. My hand slid back down her front, and I pulled her leg back towards me, pushing my cock into her arse crack. I reached round and put my hand straight over the mound of her pussy, feeling the rough hairs, and held myself against her as my cock twitched, once, twice, spitting it’s seed into the sheet that was all that separated us. Oh that felt good!
I eased my hand away from her pussy, and my sticky cock away from her arse. How was her breathing? Yes, normal, I was sure I hadn’t woken her. My beautiful sister. I slowly turned onto my back, exhaling as I recovered from my orgasm. It just felt right to be in bed with her, although I had to wonder what she would have thought had she been awake. Was I using her body, abusing her even? I guess I was, but we had both got into this game together, and it felt good to play it. I had to be careful, though. She’d find the evidence on the sheet later, so I had to play it a bit cool, pretend I’d just had an erotic dream if she asked. The thought played on my mind as I drifted back to sleep.
Chapter 5
Ann woke me in the morning with a gentle kiss on my cheek. “Hey, sleepy,” she whispered. “You should probably get into your bed just in case anybody comes in.” It was a fair point, and I slid reluctantly away from her warm body. A few minutes later mum knocked on the door, and called us for breakfast once more. “Did you sleep well?” Ann asked me as she got up and went to the bathroom.
“Mmm, yes, it was nice and warm cuddling you,” I said, and got up to put my swimming shorts on.
“I had a really naughty dream,” Ann said as she came back into the room. “You were holding me and stroking my body, getting me very turned on. Oh, you were a very naughty boy in my dream!”
I laughed. “Well that would be bad, wouldn’t it. A nice hug, you asked for, and that’s it. You are my sister, after all!”
“Well it was only a dream, wasn’t it? Can’t help what you dream about.”
She was looking at me hard now. Did she know? Was it a dream she’d been having? I looked away. “Hey,” she said, “don’t be embarrassed, it was lovely. Very erotic, just being separated by that thin sheet.”
Oh shit! “Ah, sis, I’m sorry. I thought you were asleep, I just woke up and felt so horny, and you felt so nice against me, and, I guess I got carried away. Look, I’m sorry.”
She walked up to where I was sitting on the edge of my bed, leaned over and kissed me, lightly, on the lips. “No embarrassment, no saying sorry. I loved it, your touch was so gentle, so caring. Haven’t felt like that in a long time. I wanted to let you know I was awake, but I just couldn’t, I didn’t want it to stop. So no saying sorry, eh?” Another kiss. “Come on, breakfast. Mum’ll be wondering where we’ve got to.” I felt so guilty, but Ann was buoyant, beaming a huge smile at me. I stood up and followed her out onto the terrace.
“What’s everyone up to today, then?” my dad asked as we ate our toast and drunk orange juice under the clear blue sky.
Ann was the first to reply. “I think I’m going to go into town and have a look around the shops. Might buy myself some clothes. Beth, do you fancy coming?”
Beth said that she’d love to. I looked over at Paul – it was pretty clear that he didn’t fancy shopping at all, so I suggested that we could go down to the beach and try out some of the activities down there, jet skis being my favourite. Paul visibly brightened at this idea, and it was settled. The girls went off to get changed, and, after giving Ann a few minutes I went to pick up a towel and my beach shoes.
Ann was sitting on her bed, wearing a short light blue dress, and combing her hair. “Would you like to take me out to dinner, tonight?” she said, looking up at me as I walked into the bedroom.
I was slightly taken aback. “Er, yeah, great, that’d be nice, sis, yeah.”
“Excellent!” she said, flashing me her biggest grin. “Being taken out by a handsome young man – I can’t wait!” She squeezed my arm and gave me a peck on the cheek as she left the room to go and find Beth.
Paul and I had a cool morning, messing about at the beach. I’d always got on reasonably with him, but this was the first time we’d spent together without Beth around, and I found him to be just like my younger sister, bright and funny, confident, generous. The time passed quickly, and we decided to go for a bite to eat and a beer in one of the seafront bars before heading back up to the apartment for a siesta. The girls hadn’t returned from their shopping trip by the time we got back, and I went straight to the cool of the bedroom, lay down, and was sound asleep in minutes.
Chapter 6
Beth was sitting on my bed, shaking my arm gently to wake me. “Come on Joe, I hear you’ve got a hot date this evening.” I blinked a couple of times, and sat up. “I think it’s really nice that you told Ann you were taking her out to dinner. She could do with cheering up, I think. Hopefully a bit of retail therapy earlier has helped, but it’ll be good for her to have a nice meal and a bottle of wine too. Where are you going to take her?”
I looked over to the clock. 6.42. God, had I been asleep that long? “Er, not sure, Beth,” I mumbled. “Did you have a good shopping expedition then?”
“Yes, excellent!” she smiled. “Ann’s bought a new dress and had a haircut, I got some lovely tops – there’s more shops in this place than in London!”
Her enthusiasm had woken me from my slumber. “So I guess I should be getting ready then.”
“Oh, yes, sorry,” Beth replied. “Ann’s in my room, so I’ll leave you to it and see you later.”
I quickly jumped in the shower, and had a shave. I selected a pair of faded blue jeans and my favourite white t-shirt, brushed my teeth and was up on the terrace with a beer in fifteen minutes. It was about ten minutes later when I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. I turned round to greet Ann, and just had to stand and stare – she looked fantastic! Her long, light brown hair was now short and blonde, and she was wearing a figure hugging dark blue dress which came down to just above her knees. I couldn’t ever remember her wearing makeup before, but she’d obviously been borrowing from Beth, and her face had a beautiful glow. Her eyes were shining brightly as she strolled over to where I was standing. “Wow!” was all I could manage, “you look beautiful, sis.”
“Okay, none of this “sis” business tonight,” she said. “I want you to treat me like we’re on a proper date, a couple who’ve only met a few times before. I need a bit of practise at this sort of thing for when I get back home again. Is that alright? But thanks for the compliment, anyway!”
“Yeah, sure, Ann,” I wondered about what the rules were for the evening. “Do you have anywhere in mind for dinner?”
“Well I noticed a nice looking seafood restaurant near the beach earlier, and I thought you might like to take me for a drink in that bar just further along from the jet skis before that.”
It all sounded great to me. I formally offered Ann my arm, and she placed her arm through mine as we left the apartment to cries of “Have a nice time” and “Don’t be too late” from the others.
We walked slowly into town in silence, enjoying the peaceful early evening and the last of the sunset, and settled at a table on the terrace, gentle waves lapping rolling up within a few feet of us. She did look beautiful, her eyes especially were something else – there was a sparkle there in the candlelight which I’d never noticed before. “I love your new haircut, Ann, really suits you. And that dress – it looks fabulous on you. I’m very proud to take you out to dinner tonight.”
I swear she was blushing a little. “I’m glad you like it, Joe,” she said quietly, “I want to look good and I haven’t always bothered in the past. Does it make a difference to how people see me, do you think?”
“Well I guess so. I mean, now there’s no way anyone would treat you as a mother as opposed to as a sexy woman, I think the haircut is more modern, makes you look younger. You know what I’ve said before about your body, and the dress really shows it off. You’re gorgeous, and I hope you know it too!”
“I feel different to normal, you know, sexier, maybe younger. Less worn down, anyway. And I think that’s a lot to do with self-esteem. And you’ve really helped me by telling me that you like the way I look, really. So thank you.”
Our drinks arrived, and we sipped in a comfortable silence. The bay was tranquil at this time of night, the first stars starting to shine and reflect off the black sea. “I think I need to be loved,” Ann broke the silence. “I haven’t been with a man for over two years now, and you start to think it’s never going to happen again, do you see?”
“Yes, I suppose. It’s easy to get into a rut, and when you do it’s tough to get out of it again. But I don’t ever want to think of you being unhappy, you deserve all the happiness in the world. You’re a beautiful person as well as having a beautiful body!”
It was a corny line but I think I got away with it – Ann was laughing. “Is that what you say to all the girls?”
“Well, some I suppose. But only the ones I like!”
Dinner was really good, a very simple meal of fresh seafood served on another terrace overlooking the sea. The highlight was probably when a young Spanish guy came in selling roses – he stood by the table and asked me if I’d like one “for your beautiful wife,” which made Ann laugh out loud. The rose seller apologised, and asked if I’d like one “for your beautiful girlfriend,” with a smile. Of course I bought one, and presented it to her with a gentle kiss on the cheek.
“There,” I said, “he obviously thought we were the perfect couple.”
“Rubbish, it’s just a sales line, bet he says that to everyone.” But I could tell she was secretly pleased, and stretched my feet out to squeeze her leg between mine. She smiled sweetly at me across the table.
It had been a lovely evening. When we got back to the apartment everyone else was in bed, and I went to open our bedroom door too. “Ah, no,” Ann stopped me. “We’re on an early date, so you should just give me a goodnight kiss and leave me at my door.” And then, almost as an afterthought, “you can come in in ten minutes.”
I bent to kiss her on the lips, and she kissed me back gently. I pushed my lips a little harder against hers, trying to open her mouth with mine, but she pushed me away laughing. “Boys, boys,” she smiled, “always after one thing. But I’m not the sort of girl to put out on a first date. Good night.” I was left standing there as she closed the door gently on me.
After the required ten minutes, I softly opened the door and slid into the room, which was in total darkness. Quietly undressing, I got into bed and lay down, listening for my sister’s breathing. After the previous night I couldn’t tell if she was sleeping or not, but she was certainly peaceful. I turned onto my side to face towards her, and it wasn’t long before I was dozing off.
I was woken in the night by the sound of my bedsheet being pulled down and Ann getting into bed next to me. “Shhh,” she whispered, “don’t wake up. Just needed a hug, that’s all.” She snuggled up to my back, placing an arm across my chest and lightly kissing my shoulder. Her tits were pressing on my back, and although I was still half asleep I could feel my erection growing. How was I supposed to get back to sleep now? But somehow she seemed to have managed to, her soft breath even on my neck and her hand totally relaxed across my stomach. I didn’t dare to try and wake her or touch her, and eventually must have drifted off again.
Chapter 7
“Morning, sexy boy.” She was whispering in my ear, and it was a lovely way to wake up. “Come on, I want a swim before breakfast.” Ann was up out of bed and rummaging in the cupboard. She came up with a bikini and sat back down on the bed next to me. “I bought this yesterday too,” she said, “hope you like it as well.”
She stood up in front of me, her body gloriously bare. She bent to slip on the bikini briefs, her tits swinging freely as she stepped into them. They really were brief, smaller even than Beth’s yellow costume, and an eye-catching red colour. I was staring at my sister’s pussy through the thin material – I could see a few fine hairs poking out from under the crotch. She turned round and the view from the back was even better, just a thin string across her arse. I reached out to stroke her behind. “Uh, uh, no touching!” she teased, moving away from me and putting the top on. Again it really was brief, just two triangles to cover her nipples but not the whole of her beautiful tits. “So, what do you think?”
“Oh yes, very nice, very nice indeed!” I complimented. “But see what you’ve done now?” My erection was making the sheet look like a tent.
Ann just laughed at my predicament. “See you in the pool in a minute!” she called, and walked out. I thought about wanking off again, but perhaps a cool swimming pool would be a better way to calm my overexcited body down – I grabbed my shorts and made for the terrace. Ann was at the top of the stairs. “Shhh, she warned as I started up them. “Come and look!”
I crept up the stairs to the little slit window she was standing next to, and peered in. It was our parents bedroom, and what I saw caused me to take a step backwards – dad was kneeling behind mum, and fucking her in the doggy position. “Oh god, I shouldn’t be seeing this!” I joked quietly.
Ann, though, was paying rapt attention. “Don’t you think it’s exciting to watch other people having sex, though,” she whispered.
“Yeah, I guess, but they’re our parents!”
“I think it’s great that they still do it. There’s hope for me yet! Look, they’ve changed around.”
I had to look. Dad had moved underneath mum, and she was in the process of throwing a leg over him. She reached round behind her and grasped his thick penis in her hand, and gradually moved back so she could place it at the entrance to her cunt, which looked sticky and wet to me. Dad’s cock was easing into her hole, little by little, and mum threw her head back as she felt the full length inside her, before starting a rhythmic up and down motion. Ann and I could clearly see dad’s cock sliding in and out, wet and slippery now, and the rhythm increased in pace. Suddenly mum stopped. “She’s coming, she’s coming,” Ann whispered, and I saw her arse quivering as she shook slightly with the power of her orgasm. Mum slid off Dad’s long prick, and again changed position, this time straddling his head and placing her pussy down onto his mouth, where we could see his tongue licking out in anticipation. Mum bent to take his cock in her mouth, sucking it in deeply, and again starting a rhythmic bobbing up and down. It wasn’t long before she lifted off and we saw dad shoot a great torrent of spunk into her open mouth and face as she milked his prick dry, and then turned to face him, cuddling up closely on top of the bed clothes.
I reached out my hand and held it lightly on my sister’s arse. She didn’t move away this time, and I started gently rubbing from her lower back down to the tops of her thighs, and she pressed back into my hand, encouraging me, whilst she stared through the window at our naked parents. My finger slipped between her legs, and grazed lightly across her cunt, feeling a small damp patch. She groaned lightly – “oh, Joe, no, stop,” but didn’t move away at all, and I pressed a little harder, edging my finger under the thin strip of material that was her new bikini. Her cunt lips were puffy and wet, slippery under my touch. I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t heard Beth about to come up the stairs we were standing on. Ann suddenly broke away from me and fled to the terrace, and I followed as quickly as the erection in my shorts would allow, reaching the top of the stairs to see Ann leaping into the pool. I quickly followed.
Beth was in a jovial mood. “Morning you two!” she called, “you’re up early!”
Ann stood up in the shallow pool. “Morning, little sis, how’s you?”
“Ooh, get you in your new bikini!” Beth smiled. “You’ll have all the boys on the beach after you!”
Little did she know! But the cool water was having the required effect on my penis, and after a few minutes determined swimming I could just about face the family as they gradually all congregated on the terrace. I had a slight difficulty looking mum and dad in the eye, though. Was it just that I was jealous that they were getting more sex than I was? God, this game with Ann was driving me mad. I was seriously thinking that I wanted to fuck my sister – what was going on?
It was going to be a beach day – mum and dad especially wanted to go down there as they’d spent most of their time around the apartment so far and wanted to explore. I was quite content with that, perhaps I could go off jet skiing to take my mind off Ann’s body! I waited upstairs while she gathered some clothes together and the rest of the family got ready.
Ann was very happy to strip off down to her tiny bikini once on the beach, and I had to admit that it would be a tough call between my two sisters as to which one looked the best. Beth was darker skinned, having done a bit of pre-holiday tanning, but Ann was catching up, and her newly blonde hair looked fantastic when contrasted with the deep red of her costume. Beth’s tits were smaller than Ann’s, but perfectly formed, and her yellow bikini suited her beautifully, giving glimpses of bare breasts and arse but all the while being perfectly respectable. Whilst I’d never considered myself to be the worst looking bloke in the world, I now realised that my sisters had got most of whatever beauty genes we had in our family. I ran down to the sea to escape my thoughts.
It was a beautiful day, hot but not uncomfortably so and the cooling sea always beckoning. Ann looked like she was enjoying herself – at one point she swam up to me as I was cooling off, jumped on my back and said, “Guess what, I’ve just been wolf-whistled at!”
That made me laugh. “Only once?” I asked, “I’m not surprised, sis, you look very glamorous.”
Ann smirked at me, and, with her back to the beach, pulled up her top to reveal those perfect, full tits and large, erect nipples. I reached out to stroke them, but she quickly covered up again and dived beneath the calm surface of the water, appearing again a few yards away. God she was such a tease! I swam after her, and grabbed her round the waist, both of us laughing as we struggled, my hard cock pressing into her back as I held her tits, massaging them fiercely. She managed to break away again, and swam back to the beach, where she lay on her back on a towel, legs wide apart. I could see the thin film of material covering her cunt had slipped to one side, and Ann sat up and pulled it into place again, looking straight at me as I walked up the beach to join her. Beautiful!
Chapter 8
We all spent most of the day around the beach, and by the time we got back to the apartment everyone appeared really tired. We’d grabbed a few easy to heat up things for dinner, and sat around the pool eating in near silence, before drifting into our various rooms for showers. I won the toss of a coin with Ann for first use of our room, and stood under the warm water for several minutes, washing the salt from my body and hair. Ann went down when I returned to the terrace, and I sat and drunk a cold beer with Paul as the stars started to come out. Mum and dad were shattered, and went off to bed at about eight o’clock, but Beth and then Ann came back upstairs after their showers, and we all relaxed with a drink together.
I finished my beer, and asked if anybody else wanted one. Beth and Paul both declined, and Ann was only half way through hers, so I wandered down to the kitchen just for myself. Ann followed me downstairs, almost making me jump when I stepped back from the fridge. “Let’s take these into the bedroom,” she suggested.
“What’s up, sis?” I enquired, noting her eyes, shining with mischief.
She put a finger to her lips to indicate that I had to be quiet, and ushered me into our room. “I was talking to Beth earlier, and she told me that she really wanted to do it with Paul in the hot tub, but you and me were always up later than them so they couldn’t! So, basically, I said we’d leave them to it tonight!”
I shook my head in wonder. “Is that what you girls talk about when you’re alone, eh?”
“Well, not usually, no. And you’re not to know, either, she said, she wanted me to make some other excuse.”
“Okay, okay,” I said, “so are we supposed to be playing cards, or something?”
Ann giggled. “Well I thought that we could go and spy on them – I don’t know about you but I found it curiously erotic watching mum and dad this morning, and I think we could tiptoe up those stairs and see what was going on without them noticing. What do you think?”
I smiled at her. “Ann, you’re truly wicked. But I like you for it!”
“I saw you looking at Beth on the beach this morning,” she said. “So, do you think she’s more beautiful than me, then?”
“Oh god, don’t make me answer that!” I cried, as Ann pouted at me. “I have two very beautiful, very sexy sisters, who walk around with very little on all day. Its enough to drive me mad!”
We quietly opened the door and crept into the lounge. All the lights were off, but the door up to the terrace was slightly opened, and we walked over to the bottom of the stairs. “You first,” I ushered Ann upstairs, and followed her into the open air. One stair at a time, we carefully went up. Ann crouched down four or five steps from the top, shielded from the terrace by a low wall. I stopped behind her, glancing into the window of our parents room and finding it dark and quiet. As I’d done earlier that morning, I reached up and put my hand on Ann’s arse – like the morning she made no move to stop me. Slowly she raised her head above the wall, beckoning me to do likewise.
We were perfectly positioned, a couple of pot plants between us and the hot tub. Beth and Paul had their backs to us, sitting in the tub, and were kissing deeply – I could see my younger sister’s face, eyes closed as her tongue explored Paul’s, her hand at the back of his neck, pulling their mouths together. Her hair was wet, plastered against her forehead – they’d presumably been for a cool swim before entering the tub. Beth eased off the kiss and pulled back from her fiancée. Smiling, she stood up in front of him, and slowly, teasingly, reached behind her back to undo the clasp of her bikini top. Unclothed, her tits were as fantastic as I’d imagined them to be, and she showed them off by swaying gently to some imaginary music. We overheard Paul murmuring – “come here, baby, come here.”
Beth was in no hurry, though, and she reached up to touch her tits, slowly circling the edges before lightly brushing over the nipples. We were close enough to see them rise up to her fingertips and see the pleasure in her face – I glanced at Ann, whose mouth was slightly open as she stared intently at the scene in front of her. Beth bent over and kissed Paul’s lips, pulling him into an upright position and holding him tightly against her, then backing away and kissing his chest, nipples, and down to his stomach. He still had his shorts on, but we could see his erection protruding from the top of them, and Beth knew what to do about that – she knelt down slowly in front of him, reached round Paul’s waist and pulled his shorts down. His cock sprang forward, and Beth licked her lips in anticipation as her stepped out of his clothes. His penis was a good size, thick and long, and I found it intensely erotic to watch my sister take it in her hand, look up into Paul’s face and suck it deep into her mouth. He leant his head back and groaned lightly into the night air as she withdrew her mouth from his cock and sucked it in again. My hand reached out to touch Ann’s arse again, just gently, holding it there, which she seemed fine with. I didn’t want to break her concentration or make any noise.
Paul was pulling Beth to her feet in the pool, and now he knelt in front of her. Running his hands down her front, her came to her skimpy bikini bottoms, put his fingers inside the material round her hips and pulled them down, so she stood as naked as he was. I almost let out a small gasp as I caught sight of her pussy for the first time – it was totally hairless, and I could see her dark pink clitoris protruding from the lighter coloured lips of her cunt. Paul bent his head to lick between her legs, which parted magically to allow him access, Beth screwing up her face with the pleasure he was giving her. “No, not yet,” she whispered to him, “I can’t come yet, I want you inside me.”
Paul stood up, and backed over to the side of the tub, sitting down and beckoning her forward. My sister stepped over to him, kissed him hard on the lips as he reached for her pussy, and knelt on his lap, allowing him to place his cock between her legs. They shuffled into position slowly, before Beth sighed loudly, presumably as his cock found its way into her hot hole, and they held still together for a moment. I squeezed on Ann’s arse and she glanced at me, smiling. Beth was humping up and down on Paul now, her wonderful tits bouncing in front of him before he reached out his mouth and caught one between his teeth, sucking it almost brutally hard. “Oh, yeah, baby, oh yeah!” Beth gasped, “fuck me, Paul, oh yeah, oh god I’m coming, I’m gonna come!” and held her eyes tightly shut as she bucked up and down on him. It was fantastic to see her so turned on, so abandoned to her pleasure. Paul was still thrusting into her, and it was only seconds later that we saw him bury his head into her shoulder, and shudder as he too reached his orgasm.
They held each other tightly and only broke after a minute to kiss deeply, beautifully. Ann turned to me and pointed for me to go back downstairs, and with a quick glance to look at Beth’s fantastic body one final time, I slowly crept back to our bedroom, Ann following. We collapsed on our own beds, bursting to say something after so long in silence. “She’s a saucy minx, that baby sister of ours!” I joked.
“Yeah, and a sexy one, too,” Ann agreed with me, “They looked like they enjoyed that!”
“I’m quite getting into this voyeur thing,” I said. “Don’t think I’d seen anyone fucking before today and now I’ve seen two other couples!”
“Oh yeah, I find it really erotic. Frustrating, sometimes, but really erotic too. I just wanted to walk over there and join right in!”
“So have you watched other people before then, Ann?” I asked, curious now.
“Well not really,” she replied, “but I just like the thought of seeing someone else getting off, you know?” I didn’t before, but I was starting to think I agreed with her. “Joe,” she continued, “would you like to get off, for me?”
“What? How do you mean?”
“Well, you know. I want to see you masturbate, make yourself come. I felt you do it a couple of nights ago, I want to see it now!”
I was so horny I almost didn’t know what to do. “Well I will if you will!” I smiled across at her, not really sure how she’d react but pleased when, after a tiny pause, she nodded.
“Get undressed then,” she whispered to me.
I pulled my t-shirt up and over my head, and lay back on my bed, running my hands over my chest. Ann too undid a couple of shirt buttons and threw off her top, revealing the fact that she hadn’t been wearing a bra that evening. Looking straight into her eyes, I lifted my hips and pulled my shorts down, taking my boxers with them. My hard penis lay onto my stomach, twitching slightly. Ann, perched on the edge of her bed, leant forward for a closer inspection. I reached down and grasped my cock firmly in one hand, moving it up and down slowly, and Ann licked her lips provocatively. “You’ve still got too many clothes on,” I said, and she nodded her agreement before standing up, turning her back to me and pulling her skirt down, just a little at first, revealing her arse to me gradually, bending over as her clothes reached her knees, and finally stepping out of them altogether. Naked, she turned back to me and sat down on the bed again.
“Is that better?” she asked, spreading her legs apart and reaching down to her hairy pussy, using her fingers to part her lips and show me her protruding clitoris.
“Yeah, that’s beautiful,” I said, increasing the pace of my cock stroking.
“I want to see you come,” Ann asked, “come for me, Joe.”
“I’m going to, sis, I need to come so much, I’ve been wanting to all day!” I reached down with my other hand and gently squeezed my balls, looking at Ann, who was gently rubbing a nipple with one hand and around the tops of her thighs with the other. “I want to see you come too.”
“I want to, I need it like you, everyone else in this house is getting some and I’m not. I love the way you look at my body, though, makes me horny and I haven’t felt like this for ages. I’m all slippery and wet, and it’s good looking at you too. Your cock’s beautiful, yeah, keep stroking it baby, make yourself come, let go.”
I was close to doing just that. Ann leant her head back a little and I could see her fingertip exploring her sticky cunt. She was biting her bottom lip, ecstasy and agony close partners, and her tits were thrust forwards, nipples hard. “Oh, Ann, I’m gonna come,” I gasped, holding my cock at right angles to my body and still for that wonderful moment when you can feel the spunk rushing from your balls but before it leaves your cock. “Oh, yeah, that’s so good!” I erupted, three, four spurts of creamy sperm into the air and back onto my stomach, and slowly kept stroking my cock, milking the last few drops from it.
“Oh, Joe, that was beautiful,” Ann breathed. “I’m so hot, I need to come too.” She was rubbing herself hard now, her clitoris a blur under three fingers held tightly together, her left hand grasping the bedclothes to support her position. Her feet were splayed on the floor, and her arse was bucking back and forth as she frantically frigged herself.
I rolled onto my side to watch more closely. “Annie, I really want to suck on your tits.”
“Come on, they’re all yours,” she breathed, and I stood up and knelt before her, between her legs. The scent of her wet cunt was intoxicating. I looked up into her eyes, reached out a hand and caressed her face, before bending my head to her chest and taking a nipple gently between my lips. Rolling it over my tongue, I heard her low groan of pleasure, and reached out to rub her other nipple. “Joe, more, oh god, yes,” she cried, and her torso rocked forwards against my head, shuddering. Her movements slowed and I relaxed my hold on her nipple, allowing her to ease back and free her tits. She lay back on the bed, feet still on the floor, her cunt exposed before me. “Oh god that was good!”
I bent my head forward and kissed her stomach lightly, and lay my head onto her belly while she stroked my hair. My sister’s cunt was inches away from my face, and I couldn’t resist moving my head down and pushing it between her legs, poking my tongue out and touching gently onto her enlarged clitoris. Ann moaned gently, “no, Joe,” but didn’t make any move to stop me, and I continued just licking around the edges of her pussy, slowly, slowly. I could feel her juices on my tongue and chin, and felt her start to respond to my tongue, pushing her cunt forward to meet it and make my light touches harder. Her hands were on my head now, pulling my face into her, wanting me to tongue her harder. I licked up and down, keeping my nose on her button whilst my tongue explored her hot hole, and felt her legs squeezing my ears. Keeping up the pressure on her cunt with my tongue, I reached up and fondled her breast with my left hand, remembering that my hard sucking on that had helped her come a few minutes earlier, and felt the trembling of her legs as confirmation that she was close again. Ann thrust herself against me, her hips bucking, and I placed my lips directly over her clitoris and sucked hard on it, as she held my head tight into her. Calming down, the pressure on my ears eased as she relaxed her leg muscles, and I put my head up from between her legs, my chin covered in her juices. She pulled me up towards her.
I eased myself up, laying between her legs, my stomach sticky with my come now against hers. We kissed deeply for the first time, tongues exploring each others mouths. My cock was hard again, and I shifted position slightly so the tip was touching on her pussy. She broke off the kiss. “Joe, no, I can’t. It feels so good, but I can’t fuck you, you’re my brother! Just kiss me.”
I knew she was right, but I was disappointed anyway. I rolled off her so we were side by side, and we kissed again, more gently now. “That felt so good,” she repeated, “I don’t think I’ve ever come twice so quickly before.”
“Felt pretty good to me too,” I said. “I know we shouldn’t be doing this, but it just feels right, you know? I love the way you look, the way you feel. The way you taste!”
Ann laughed. “Well I feel a lot better now anyway, I was jealous of everyone else but not now!” She snuggled into my arms, and I reached down to throw a sheet over us. Her warmth felt beautiful as she lay her head on my chest, and I closed my eyes, breathing her in. God I was tired. I fell asleep with my beautiful, sexy, naked sister cuddled up to me.
Chapter 9
Sunlight streaming through the window woke me in the morning. Ann had rolled over in the night and had her back to me now, and I took a moment to look over her still sleeping form. Her body was fantastic, the gentle curve from her waist to her hip full of erotic possibilities. I eased myself over to her, my hard penis nudging towards the crack of her arse and my arm reaching over her hips to stroke her stomach. I kissed her neck, and moved my hand up to touch her breasts. She woke slowly, stretching and turning over onto her back. “Morning, gorgeous,” I whispered, “how you doing?”
“Mmm, okay I think. You?”
“Yeah, good. You okay about last night? I mean, I find you so attractive, but I know it can’t go on, but, you know, it was good….”
“Yeah, I’m okay about last night,” she said. “It felt fantastic, you make me really horny, and I feel very sexy around you. We’re away for a week, and I think we can play this game whilst we’re away. What do you think?”
I bent to kiss her lips, and she threw her arms around my neck to pull me closer. My hand reached down, across her belly and hips, across her groin and pubic hair, to where her legs were parting, waiting for my touch. I slipped my finger onto her clitoris, kissing her hard now, and she responded by reaching out her free hand and stroking it across my balls and up my cock. Her cunt was getting wetter by the second, and I touched my fingertip into it and spread some of the juices across her clit, making it slippery between my fingers. Ann grasped my penis, moving her hand up and down over it quickly two or three times, and pushed her pussy against my finger, which I eased into her cunt up to the second knuckle. She squeezed her legs tightly around my hand, and I wriggled my finger inside her, holding my palm against her clitoris and trying to make circular movements around it. My sister legs were shuddering around my hand now, and I thought she was close to coming. The speed she was stroking my cock increased, and she broke off our kiss, gasping as her body shook with the force of her orgasm. “Oh, jesus, fuck, that’s amazing!” she exclaimed, turning her attention back to my straining cock.
Wriggling free from almost underneath me, she kissed my chest and plunged straight down towards my groin, and placed her lips over the red end of my penis. Using two fingers to make a circle tight around the base, she bobbed her head up and down, taking most of the length into her mouth all at once. Oh, it felt fantastic, her lips so tight. When she started to move her fingers up and down around the base in time with the movement of her mouth it very soon became too much for me. “Oh, Ann, yeah, I’m gonna come any second,” I warned her. She just kept on sucking, and I felt my balls bubble up and my spunk shoot out into her waiting mouth.
“Mmm, that felt nice!” she said, wriggling up to me again, one hand still on my softening cock. We kissed, and I could taste the spunk on her lips. “Can you wake me up like that every morning?”
I laughed. “We talked about that. Only whilst we’re on holiday!”
“Okay, okay!” We could hear movement from outside the room as everyone else was getting up. “Guess we’d better go and join them outside?”
“Yeah, suppose so,” I said, “although it’s kind of nice here.”
She laughed, throwing the sheet off, jumping out of bed and heading to the bathroom. I got up too, slipping on a pair of shorts and a loose t-shirt. As Ann finished in the bathroom and came out, I moved past her to go to the toilet, squeezing her arse as she passed. By the time I got back into the bedroom she was upstairs with the rest of the family.
It was another beautiful sunny day, clear blue skies and a gentle breeze stopping it from being oppressively hot. We all lazed around the pool for the morning, reading books and swimming when we got too hot. I volunteered to oil Ann’s back for her, and by sitting on the edge of her sun-bed I could touch her without being seen by the others. While massaging oil into her back with one hand, I rubbed between her legs with the other, my finger wet and oily slipping under the material of her bikini and finding her cunt. I only had a couple of minutes, it would have looked strange otherwise, but I rubbed it hard for a few seconds, just to tease her. Slipping my finger away, I stood upright. Ann looked at me hard. “Thanks, Joe,” she said for the benefit of anyone else looking, and then, under her breath, “you bastard, you tease!” I smiled sweetly at her and jumped in the pool.
She got me back when I went downstairs to make some sandwiches for lunch though. I’d just got a load of food from the fridge and had laid it out on the table when Ann came down to the kitchen, walked straight over to me and put her hands down the front of my shorts. My penis instantly became alive, and she grasped it tightly, massaging it until it was fully erect before bending over and taking the tip in her mouth. I groaned as she slipped her tongue around the glans and sucked deeply, and she simply stood up, smiled at me and walked off. Just in time, too, because Beth came through the door moments later. I had to turn and face the sink until my erection had subsided.
We spent most of the afternoon dozing, reading and swimming too, all very relaxed. Beth spoke up at around three o’clock. “Joe, Ann, we were thinking of going out into town later, maybe having a few beers and going to a club. Can’t really come all this way without going clubbing can we? Do you fancy coming too? Not sure it’s mum and dad’s cup of tea though!”
I looked at Ann. “Yeah, why not, sounds cool,” she said, and I nodded my agreement. Our parents were quite happy to be left on their own for the evening, so it was settled.
Chapter 10
“So, what do you think?” Ann asked, emerging from Beth’s bedroom on the stroke of eight o’clock. She looked wonderful. She was wearing a short black skirt and high heeled sandals, which I think she must have borrowed from Beth because I hadn’t seen them before. Her legs looked tanned and toned. She had a pale blue shirt on, the buttons undone just enough to encourage you to look at her perfect tits, and her hair had been slightly spiked for the night. She could easily have passed for the same age as Beth. I looked her up and down approvingly.
My younger sister came out into the lounge too. “What do you think, then?” she asked of Paul and me. She too, was looking pretty good. Her skirt was red, and as short as Ann’s, and she was wearing long black boots with heels making her as tall as Ann. Her tight red t-shirt showed off her breasts perfectly, and she’d done her hair in a loose pony-tail. Paul wolf-whistled in appreciation.
I glanced at him. “Don’t know about you mate, but I’m going to be proud to escort these two beautiful young ladies into town tonight.”
“Yep,” he agreed, “they don’t scrub up badly when they put their minds to it!” Beth hit him playfully on the arm. “Sorry, sorry, just kidding!” he said. “Joe’s right, you both look great tonight. Going to have to watch out for all those other dodgy blokes in discos though, they’ll all be chatting you up!”
We went for a couple of drinks by the seafront first of all, and it was good fun to go out with Beth and Paul – my parents were great, but they’re not really into partying in bars and clubs, so it was cool to go out with people of the same generation. I learnt about Paul’s proposal to Beth – the way they had told it at the family gathering to announce their engagement, Paul had very romantically gone down on one knee in front of a big group of their friends, but with no parents to impress the truth came out! He was on one knee, but only because he was too drunk to stand. Beth had been angry with him, he’d asked for forgiveness, and she’d said that she’d forgive him if he proposed to her. Paul had agreed, to a huge round of applause from their friends, but apparently had forgotten about it until the morning, when Beth had asked him where he was going to get the ring from! Paul said that he was a bit taken aback, but when he thought about it, “knew I wouldn’t get anybody as good as her again, so why not?”
There was a slightly awkward moment when Beth asked Ann and I if we were going to be chatting anybody up later in the evening. We glanced nervously at each other. “ I don’t think so,” Ann said, “I’m not really one for holiday romances, and besides, I wouldn’t want to bring anyone back to the apartment – might disturb Joe’s beauty sleep!”
We all laughed and the awkwardness was over. Beth and Paul went to get more drinks, and Ann and I smiled to one another. “Don’t want to disturb my sleep – ha!” I grinned.
“Well not by shagging some dodgy lad I’ve met in a club anyway,” she retorted. “Although you did say you were getting into this voyeurism thing, so you never know….”
“Ooh, so you might be chatting someone up later then!” I said.
“Maybe,” Ann replied, “but only till Beth and Paul go home!” She laughed saucily. I really wanted her now, and would have leant over to kiss her if our companions hadn’t returned with the drinks at that moment. We had quite a few more drinks before moving on to a club a little further down the beach. My head was buzzing by the time we got inside, and the throbbing bass sounded good. I’m not much of a dancer, so I propped myself up at the bar and watched whilst the others hit the floor.
I guess it was quite comical to look at. As soon as Beth and Ann started to dance, four of five guys moved in, creating a circle around them. Paul was almost crowded out, and he strolled back to the bar to join me, laughing. “Girls, honestly!” he joked, “couple of drinks inside them and they’ll flirt with anybody!” It certainly looked that way – my sisters had their arms in the air and were throwing themselves around with the music. I could see one guy with his arm around Ann’s waist, yelling something in her ear, and felt a momentary pang of jealousy as she smiled at him. The two of them moved slightly away from the scrum, dancing face to face now.
Beth walked, or rather staggered, back to join us. “Shit,” said Paul, “looks like she’s had a few too many. Might have to take her home.” Beth was obviously struggling, not able to speak at the moment, wedged into a corner so she didn’t fall over. “Are you going to be alright with Ann?” he asked.
“Yeah, sure, no problem,” I replied. “You get her home and make sure she’s okay.” Paul half carried Beth out, giving me a wave over his shoulder as he left. I turned back to the dancefloor.
Ann had her arms round her partners neck, and they were touching foreheads. As I looked, Ann glanced up at him, and moved forward to kiss his lips. He responded by reaching his hand from her waist to her arse, pulling her towards him. They had virtually stopped moving with the music now, the kiss taking over. I wasn’t sure whether to be pleased for Ann, or whether I should rush over and break them up – in the end I did neither, simply sitting and watching. My sister made up my mind for me after a few minutes, though – they parted and exchanged a few words, before he went off towards the toilets and she walked back to me.
“Who’s the mystery man then?” I asked with a smile.
“Come on, take me away from this place, quick!” she replied, glancing over her shoulder.
Surprised, I ushered her outside, and we walked quickly away down the beach. “What’s up, Annie, you looked like you were having fun out there?”
“Well, yes, I guess. But I didn’t really want him, and the only way I could get rid of him was to tell him that you were my boyfriend, and then it started to get complicated. I think he assumed we were some kinky couple, and you got off on watching me with someone else, and – oh god, I don’t know! Doesn’t matter anyway. I didn’t want him because I want you!”
She stopped in the street and faced me, reaching to take my hand before standing on her toes and kissing me on the lips. “Joe, you make me so horny, I want to make love to you. Not just kissing, rubbing, sucking, I want you inside me, I want to feel your cock, I need to. Please.”
“Ann, I love you, you turn me on so much too, but you’re my sister! We shouldn’t be doing this!”
“I know, of course I know. But it’s an escape, this holiday, that’s all it is, and I’m enjoying myself for the first time in, christ, years! We’ve only got two more days – don’t make me stop now. Joe, I really need to get fucked, I’m aching inside. Come on, you’ve got to do this!”
She took me by the arm and led me down onto the beach, and we both slipped our shoes off. The black sand, too hot to walk on in the day, was cool underfoot. The booming sound of the bars was fading as we walked further away from the town. Ann stopped as we reached a row of sunbeds laid out on the beach, and stood in front of me. She put her arms around my neck, and we kissed deeply, passionately. My hands were on her waist, her shirt rode up on her hips and I felt her bare skin. There was no resistance in me now, I was alone on the beach with a beautiful, sexy woman, and I wanted her. I undid her shirt from the bottom up, pausing after each button to stroke her stomach. The last button came undone, and her glorious tits were finally on view. I reached to stroke them as she threw her shirt off onto the sand. Her nipples were hard through her lacy bra, and her breathing was heavy now. “Take it off,” I told her, and she complied, the bra joining the shirt on the beach. I bent to take a nipple in my mouth, a groan of pleasure my reward, and my hand travelled down her stomach, over her skirt and up her thighs. Her legs shifted apart quickly, and I pushed my finger firmly against her pussy. I could feel the dampness through her knickers, she wasn’t kidding when she said she was aching inside.
Pushing my finger under the material, I found her wet hole, and rubbed her clitoris back and forth, round and round. Ann was gasping for breath into my shoulder as I slipped a finger into her hot cunt, her hips were bucking and her legs trembling. I pushed one finger between her spasming lips, feeling them tighten around it and wanting it to be my cock fucking her rather than my finger. Ann didn’t seem to mind what it was at that point. “Oh god, oh god, I’m coming, yes!” her voice was wavering as I continued to thrust my finger in and out of her. “Oh god that’s so good, don’t ever stop!” I didn’t want to, but my cock was straining so hard against my trousers that it was getting uncomfortable. I extracted my fingers from her knickers, and quickly undid my jeans. Ann sat on the edge of a sunbed, and pulled her knickers down and off. She motioned me forward, and I stepped in front of her. Her hands found my waist and pulled my jeans and boxer shorts down, freeing my hard penis, which she took in her hands as I stepped out of my clothes. Ann lovingly licked the tip of my cock, already slippery with pre-cum, and then wrapped her lips around the head. She reached between my legs to gently massage my heavy balls, and I closed my eyes, holding her head against me as she sucked harder.
“Annie, Annie, this is so good, but I wanna fuck you, babe,” I said, aware that I was near to shooting my load. She looked up at me, smiling, and eased herself back on the bed, pulling her skirt up. I knelt on the bed between her legs, and leant forward to kiss her lips, bringing my cock up to brush against her thigh. Adjusting my position, I felt the tip of my penis on her wet cunt lips, and pushed forward slightly so the tip was just inside her. “Are you sure?” I said, and she nodded her assent. I pushed a little harder, her lips sliding back to accommodate me as her cunt got used to being filled, and little by little, I was fucking my sister.
Her hands reached around my back to pull me as deep as possible, and she groaned as I leant more weight onto her and touched her clitoris with this different angle. Her beautiful cunt felt wonderful around me, tight and yet soft, and I attempted to be slow and gentle with my movements, but I think Ann just needed to get fucked. “Come on, harder,” she urged me, and I increased the pace of my movements. She left one hand behind me but moved the other to her tits, pulling hard on one nipple and gasping with the pleasure and the pain.
“Oh, Ann, I need to come,” I said, feeling the rising in my balls.
“Oh yes,” she said, “Come on my tits, not inside me, come on me.”
I pulled my cock from her cunt, and knelt forward over her, stroking myself. My sister looked up at me. “Come on my tits, Joe,” she ordered, just as the first gush of spunk rushed from me, and landed on her stomach. A second spurt, higher on her tits and neck, and a third, splashing onto her belly. She leaned forward, and managed to take my cock into her mouth, slurping down the last few drops before collapsing onto her back on the bed again. I collapsed forward too, kissing her lips and falling to her side as we both regained our composure. “That felt wonderful,” she smiled at me.
“Yeah, fantastic,” I grinned back into the night sky, “You’re so fucking sexy, it’s unbelievable!”
She leant up on one elbow to look at me. “Take me back and lets do it again in a comfortable bed. This might be a good place for a quick fuck, but I want you to make love to me.”
We sat up, looking around a little guiltily to see if we’d been spotted, but there was nobody else to be seen. I pulled on my trousers, and Ann threw her shirt on, laughing sexily as she handed me her underwear, which I put in my pocket, and we walked on up the beach and towards home.
There were no lights on when we got back to the top of the hill, and we moved into the apartment silently. Ann went to the bathroom in our bedroom, and I got a couple of glasses of water from the fridge. She was in bed when I got back, and I put the water down and bent to kiss her. “Come here, quickly,” she urged me, and I wasted no time in taking my clothes off and joining her under the sheet. She was naked, of course, and rolled onto her side to kiss me as I put an arm round her. She pushed her leg over mine, and rolled me onto my back, straddling my body as we continued to kiss. My erection was bumping on her arse, and she reached round to grasp it in her hand, shuffling herself back to meet it and easing the tip into her cunt lips. “Mmm, you feel good, I want you inside me again,” she whispered, as I moved my hips up to push my cock into her. She leant forward over me, her chest sticky with my spunk, and the full length of my cock buried itself in her. “Oh fuck, yeah,” she gasped quietly.
I reached my hand round her arse, running a finger down the crack as she shivered in anticipation, and leaving my finger tip against her arsehole. She bucked up and down on my cock, and I eased my finger just gently into her arse, which contracted around it tightly. She sat upright on me, and I reached up for her tits, rubbing her hard nipples, before sitting upright too, where I could kiss her lips and bend to suck those beautiful tits. Ann’s slippery cunt was sliding up and down my cock, I felt so close to her. She pulled my head into her chest, and squeezed my neck tightly as I thrust into her. “Oh baby, I’m coming again,” she cried into my shoulder, shaking as she tried to rub her clitoris as hard as she could against me. “Oh, yes, oh yes!”
I was close too. “I’m going to come, sis,” I warned her, and got ready to unleash my load into her hot cunt, but she quickly slipped off me and bent her head to take me in her mouth again. Only just in time – my cock spurted again and she took it all in, swallowing most of my come and letting some roll out the corner of her mouth and onto her chin. She lay back onto my chest, panting.
“Joe, I want you to come inside me, but you can’t, you can’t. I’m not on the pill, I don’t want to get pregnant.” She looked up at me. “Get some condoms if you want.” I felt awful – I hadn’t given that a thought. I just never considered that our game would end up with us fucking, so I hadn’t taken it that extra step further to talk about contraception, and I’d been too drunk and too horny to think about it now we were fucking.
“Oh, Annie, I’m sorry, I should have thought,” I said, as she lay on me.
“It’s okay, it’s okay. You’re fantastic, I love fucking you even without that at the moment. I don’t really like condoms, lets wait a couple of days and then it’ll be safe, no problems.” I stroked her back as her breathing deepened and she slept. I wasn’t far behind her.
Chapter 11
Ann woke me up in the morning with a kiss on my forehead. “Morning, sexy,” she whispered to me, “are you going to take me sightseeing today then?”
We’d talked about going to Mount Teide, which involved getting a coach from town halfway up the mountain, and then a cable car to near the top. “Yeah, sounds good,” I said, waking up slowly. “I’d just better jump in the shower first.” We kissed again, but before my erection could lead me further astray I broke it off. “Shower!” I laughed. “You are insatiable!”
I jumped out of bed and headed for the bathroom. The warm water felt good, washing away the slight hint of hangover at the back of my eyes, and I closed my eyes to let it fall into my face. It gave me quite a start to feel a hand on my back, and I turned round quickly to see Ann joining me under the jets of water. She stepped towards me, arms outstretched to reach round my neck, and we embraced. The water ran down our chests between us as we kissed. Ann’s hand fell to my waist and she pulled me closer to her, feeling my hard penis on her stomach. “Are you all nice and clean now?” she asked, in a little girl voice.
“Pretty much,” I replied, “do you need a bit of a wash down?”
“Yes, I think I probably do.” I broke away from her embrace, and picked up a bar of soap. She stood in front of me, hair wet under the shower, and I gently ran my hands, covered in soap, over her front. Her tits were standing proud, nipples hard to my touch. I dropped to one knee, running my soapy hands over her legs, up her thighs and across her bush. Her legs edged apart.
“Turn around,” I instructed, and she complied, facing the shower wall as I ran my hands over her back now, and down to her arse. I cupped her arse cheek in my hand, slipping a finger between her legs and rubbing her fiery cunt, wet not only from the shower now. Reaching round in front of her and stroking her stomach, I moved closer behind her and placed my cock between her arse cheeks, feeling her bend slightly to rub herself on me. I reached down and grasped my penis, forcing her legs apart more as I rubbed the tip on her cunt hole, before shoving it into her, not roughly but not gently either. My sister groaned, pressed up against the wall. I pushed into her as far as I could, and held myself there, standing on tiptoes and reaching round to pull her belly back towards me. Standing like this, I could just about reach round her and rub my finger on her clitoris, although I couldn’t move much whilst doing so. Ann’s hands were above her head, palms down on the tiled wall, she thrust back at me as hard as she could whilst I kept as still as I could.
“Oh, yeah, keep rubbing there,” she cried above the sound of the rushing water, and I felt her body tense and shake as she reached her orgasm. I moved my hand away from her clitoris to enable me to thrust into her more easily, and held onto her hips as my cock pushed its way into her cunt. Oh, I wanted to come inside her so much, but I knew I couldn’t – I grunted as I neared coming, pulling my cock from her and spraying my load onto her lower back and arse cheeks. We stood under the water, regaining our breath for a couple of minutes.
“Ann, you are fantastic. Sex with you feels so good it’s untrue!”
She smiled at me. “You’re not so bad yourself, you know. Now come on, get out the shower. Your turn to make breakfast, and then we’ve got a coach to catch.” Reluctantly I stepped out of the shower and dried myself, whilst she washed her hair. She came out to breakfast shortly after me.
The walk down into town only took ten minutes, and we were in plenty of time to catch the rest of the coach party. Ann was looking as good as ever, wearing a knee length skirt and walking boots, and her low cut white t-shirt. “Hey, guess what?” she asked me as we sat down on the coach. “I accidentally forgot to put any knickers on this morning!” Sitting in the window seat, she picked up the hem of her skirt and lifted it up to show me. “Makes me feel ever so naughty!”
The coach started up, and I rested my hand on her leg, just above the knee, edging it up a little at a time until I my fingers sat between her thighs. “Annie, let me rub your pussy,” I whispered in her ear, and she parted her legs just a little. I shifted position slightly, my wrist had been at a bad angle, and, with a quick glance around the coach to check we weren’t being observed, stuck a finger onto her clitoris. I rubbed it lightly, in a circle, and that was enough to get her juices going – I dropped a finger down to her cunt to make it wet and slippery, and bought it back to her button. “Oh yeah, I love it when you’re all wet for me,” my mouth was close to her ear. “I want to rub you till you come, right here on the bus.” She was trembling, legs squeezing round my hand, turned on by how close we were to several other people. I continued speaking quietly into her ear. “Your tight cunt is squeezing my finger, feels like you’re close to coming. I want you to come, Ann, nice and quiet so all these people don’t hear, unless you want them to hear that is. Do you want them all to know I’m rubbing your cunt? Does it turn you on to do it in front of all these people?”
“Yes,” she whispered, “yes, it turns me on. I want to straddle you and fuck you on the bus seat, I want everyone else to see us fuck. Oh god, I’m gonna come, just keep rubbing me, oh yes!” I could feel the extra wetness on my hand as she came, shuddering, biting her lip to keep quiet. I slowly withdrew my hand from underneath her skirt, and bought it up to her face.
“My fingers are going to smell of your pussy all day now,” I said, “and I’m going to be turned on all day by it.”
The rest of the journey was interesting for the dramatic scenery, as we wound our way up into the mountainous interior of the island. It was an almost lunar landscape, and it was a bit of a shock to find a large car park where the cable car station was – it had been a long time since we’d seen much sign of humans at the side of the road.
We all crowded onto a cable car, which swayed slowly up the mountainside. At the top there was a restaurant, and a wide path led up to the summit of Teide. We strode out confidently, aware that there was less air up here but taking it quite easy, and made it to the tip of the mountain in less than ten minutes. “Oh, it’s beautiful!” Ann cried, as we surveyed the scene below us. The sky was a brilliant blue, and a few wispy clouds clung to the mountain below. The sea was in the distance, sunlight sparkling off it, and the darker patches of forest to the north contrasted with the arid landscape around the volcanic mountain.
It was beautiful, but it was also quite cold, the wind blowing fiercely. We stayed up there for as long as we could, savouring the scene, but in the end had to admit defeat and walk slowly back down to the restaurant for a hot drink. “Do you think they’ll have anywhere we can sneak off so you can ravish my body?” Ann asked as we walked into the heated room.
I shrugged, but kept my eyes open as we drunk warming chocolate. Ann went to the toilet when she finished her drink, and came back to report to me. “There’s too many people about,” she said, “can’t really sneak into the toilets. God, I feel like I’m about fifteen again, having to try to find all the places you can go for a snog!”
The cable car was crowded too, but that was to our advantage. Hemmed into a corner, Ann looked out of the window as I leant in behind her and left my hand resting on her arse. She twisted her head to look at me. “You are a naughty boy!” she whispered, reading my mind. I lifted her skirt and squeezed her cheek, sliding my finger between her legs. She was getting used to this, and I loved the way her legs parted to allow me access to her pussy. The cable car ride was only five minutes or so, but I managed to make her come again by the time we got to the bottom. I wondered if I was the only one in the car to sense the smell of sex in the air.
Ann fell asleep against me on the coach back. I sat there, wondering about whether our game could continue, whether it made me a bad person to want my sister so much, but most of all, when I could get to fuck her next.
Chapter 12
It was our last night, the flight home was the following lunchtime. Beth and Paul had cooked dinner, and mum and dad were talking about how grateful they were to Beth for organising the holiday, and to all of us for making it special for them. We decided to go for a couple of drinks at our favourite bar after eating, to toast my parent’s anniversary.
As is always the case, the end of a holiday was tinged with melancholy, but everyone said they had enjoyed the break. I knew I had, even if I was a little confused as to what it would mean to me when we all got back to Britain. The wine was flowing well, and even my mum was a little bit tipsy by about half past ten, when my dad thought it was time they strolled back to the apartment. Beth, Paul, Ann and I stayed for another bottle of wine, but weren’t too far behind them, although all the lights were out when we got back. I suggested another drink on the terrace, and Ann agreed, although the other two decided to call it a night. “Just me and you left then, sis,” I said, bringing a couple of glasses of wine upstairs to Ann.
“Just me and you, and the hot tub!” she replied, eyes glinting mischievously again.
I smiled back at her. “Just what do you have in mind?”
“Step this way,” she said, “bring your wine, leave your clothes!” Bending down, she flicked the button to turn on the bubbles, and stood in front of me. Ann raised her arms above her head, and brought them down her sides again, then reached up to undo a couple of buttons of her shirt. She kicked her shoes off, and pulled her shirt up over her head, exposing her lacy bra. Pushing her tits together, she bent her head, almost but not quite able to lick her own nipple. She turned her back to me and slowly eased her skirt down over her hips, kicking it off and leaving her just in her underwear. Still with her back to me, she undid the clasp of her bra, and let it fall to the floor in front of her, before she turned back to face me. I stepped towards her. Ann took the wine glasses from my hands, and put them carefully by the side of the hot tub, then came to me again. She pulled my t-shirt up and over my head, bending to kiss my chest, and then tugged at the buttons on my jeans until they came loose. Pushing them down, she knelt in front of me to pull them right off, and I stepped out of them. Ann reached up and pulled my boxer shorts down too, my cock springing free – she grasped it firmly. “You’ve made me come twice today without me making you come,” she said. “I think I’d better put that right.”
Her lips slipped around the tip of my cock, and I let out an involuntary moan as she took me into her mouth. She glanced up at me. “Is that nice?” and went back to her work. Oh, was it nice? I never wanted it to stop, her lips were firm yet soft around me, insistently working on my shaft, and her tongue was licking all over inside her mouth. I closed my eyes, trying to hold back and enjoy this as long as I could, but there was no way I was going to last long, I’d been horny all day and this was going to be the release. I held her head, warning her that I was going to come, and she intensified her sucking, making the moment of orgasm almost too much to bear, my legs shaking hard as I emptied my balls into her mouth. She eased the pressure of her sucking, looking up at me as if to gain my approval, and I reached out my arms to help her to her feet.
“That felt fantastic,” I said, “probably the best blow job I’ve ever had.” I hugged her close to me, stroking her back and crushing her tits into my chest. We broke apart, and kissed, gently. She laid her head to one side and I kissed down her cheek to her neck, lazily, in no hurry – we had all the time we wanted. Ann put her arm over my shoulder, and I kissed along it, underneath it and to the side of her breast, before moving round to the front of her chest and taking a nipple gently between my teeth. Now it was my turn to kneel in front of her, and I ran my hands down her sides, feeling her shiver of anticipation as my fingers found the waistband of her knickers, and pulled them slowly down her legs. I pushed my face into her belly, the faint smell of her pussy in my nostrils, and kissed her stomach. She kicked her knickers off, and indicated that I should stand, and we stepped together over to the hot tub. It was big enough that we could both lie down in it, which we did, relaxing and getting used to the water temperature, before she rolled over into my arms. Kissing her deeply, I pulled her body close to mine, pleased that my erection hadn’t stayed away long.
Ann stood up and I sat on the seat at the side of the tub. As we’d seen Beth do a couple of nights before, Ann straddled my legs and sat down on me, my cock pressing on her stomach now. She bent to stroke it, and shuffled more upright to place her cunt lips around the tip. She was so wet, she eased herself straight down onto me, and moaned lustily as I filled her completely. She slowly started a rhythmic motion with her hips, grinding her pelvis against mine, and I gradually got the rhythm together, timing my thrusts with hers. The speed increased imperceptibly, and I reached out with my lips to grab and suckle a nipple to help her towards her climax, which came in a rush, her head banging onto my shoulder with the force of it. Her legs shook around mine. “Oh Joe, that’s wonderful,” she groaned, starting her motion again.
I could feel my balls bubbling again. “Annie, I’m gonna come again, you’d better get off me.”
“No,” she said, “I want to feel you come inside me now, I have to.”
This was too much, it was what I wanted to feel but hadn’t dared to expect. My balls contracted and I felt my cock bursting as I filled her cunt with my sperm. We shook in unison as her cervix contracted around my penis, drawing the last drops from it. She bent to kiss me, hard, on the lips. “That’s so much nicer than you having to pull out,” she whispered, “so much nicer.”
My penis was shrinking now, and she stepped back and off me, floating away to the other side of the tub. I leant my head back on the wall, regaining my breath. “Come on,” she said, “it’s our last night, so take me to bed and hug me.”
We stepped out of the tub, and quickly towelled ourselves dry, and picking up our clothes, we stepped quietly through the apartment to our room. Ann went to the bathroom, and I lay on my bed, tiredness enveloping my eyes. I was half asleep by the time Ann slipped under the bed sheet, kissed my lips and lay her head on my chest.
“Good night, baby brother,” she said, “sleep tight.”
Chapter 13
Day seven, the end of the holiday. My first thought on waking was a dull, depressed one, not helped by my slightly nagging hangover. I rolled over on my side, and only then did my mind return to Ann, who was lying with her back to me, sleeping peacefully. I smiled inwardly – the holiday had been great, and it wasn’t all over yet. I reached out and ran my hand down her side, from her shoulder down her arm, over her hand and onto her hip, and down the outside of her thigh. My sister stirred slightly, but didn’t wake up. I shuffled my body close behind her, my cock hard now, pressed against the small of her back, and reached over her arm to stroke her stomach. I used my knee to bend her right leg, so she was nearly face down now, and rubbed down her back and over her arse crack. Ann whimpered gently as I ran my fingers between her legs, parting her thighs for me. I gently stroked around her cunt lips, noting how heavy her breathing was becoming, and eased her over a little more so she was completely face down.
I knelt over her, pushed my right leg between hers, and bent to kiss the back of her neck. I was sure she was awake now, but she didn’t say anything or move other than where I put her – she seemed to be enjoying this as much as I was. My kisses went down her back, my hand on her arse until my mouth wanted to kiss there. I moved back down the bed to allow me space to kiss the tops of her thighs, and gradually started concentrating my attentions onto her arse. I cupped my hand and slid it up to her pussy, and Ann lifted her hips a little to let me rub her hard little clitoris. My tongue moved between her legs, licking her pussy, tasting her arousal. I lifted my head, and knelt up, stroking my erection. I bent to kiss the back of her neck again, and lowered my body so that my cock was against her arse cheeks. Easing her thighs apart further, I pushed my penis between them, and felt her tense against it. Reaching down, I rubbed my thick cock on her cunt lips, and heard Ann almost growl with anticipation. I slipped it in, just a little, and then out again, repeating this move a few times, turning us both on with the frustration. Finally, I gave a bigger thrust, and pushed my cock in as far as it would go, Ann’s hips rising from the bed to encourage me deeper. I held us in that position for a few seconds, and then started a slow, circular motion with my hips, which Ann met with thrusts of her own. Fucking her from behind felt wonderful, I felt lost, there was nothing else in the world. Ann bucked hard against me, her thighs trembling, and I noticed her hand was clasped tightly around the bedpost as she shook underneath me. My balls contracted, once, twice, and I held my cock still and deep inside her as I emptied my load into her womb.
Collapsing on top of her, I eased my sticky cock from her cunt, and rolled onto my back. Ann looked over at me, smiling. “Morning,” she said, “that felt like a good way to wake up!”
I leant over to kiss her. “Morning sexy,” I said. “Felt pretty good to me too. You alright?”
“Yeah,” she said. “Shame we’ve got to go home, I could stay here with you all day.”
My depression returned fleetingly. “Ah well, all good things come to an end.”
“Come on, we’ve got packing to do.” Ann jumped out of bed, and grabbed her case from the cupboard. I lay back and watched her, wondering if this was the last time I was going to see her naked body. I wanted to remember it for as long as possible. Ann put on her short black skirt, and picked up a bra from the floor. “Guess what?” she asked, and continued before I could reply, “I’m not going to wear any knickers today, just so I can feel your come on my thighs all the way home.”
Oh god what an amazing thought. “But how am I going to keep my hands off you now?” I pleaded as she put on her bra, and found a white t-shirt. Ann smirked at me, and walked out to the lounge. I could only shake my head in wonder, get up and pack my things too.
We were met by a bus to take us to the airport, and the journey passed uneventfully. Waiting for the plane, Ann and I wandered round the duty free shop and picked out a couple of bottles to take back with us. “You don’t have to, you know,” she nudged me in the ribs.
“What? Don’t have to what?” I was confused.
“Keep your hands off me.” Ann gave me that wicked smile.
“Oh, yeah, sorry, I see,” I said. “I’ve been having a hard job controlling myself, but there’s loads of people about. Including our parents!”
“Come with me,” she said, leading me by the hand. I put the bottle back on the shelf and followed, it looked like I had no choice! Ann led me up some stairs, and towards the toilets. There was one door, which opened up into the ladies on one side and the gents on the other. She went straight for the ladies, hustling me inside and looking around to make sure we hadn’t been seen. She pushed me into one of the cubicles, and locked the door behind us, turning to me with a smile. “Come on, we haven’t got much time,” she urged. “I want you inside me again.”
I undid my jeans, and she reached for my cock, pulling it from my boxers. Bending down in front of me, Ann took me in her mouth, sucking until I was fully erect and then standing up. “Fuck me, Joe,” she commanded. I reached my hand under her skirt, feeling my dried spunk on her thighs, and pushed her legs apart to rub her cunt, already so wet and willing. I sat on the toilet seat, pushing my jeans and shorts down below my knees, and encouraged her to straddle me. She didn’t need much encouraging! Ann lifted her skirt up and threw her leg over mine, rubbing her pussy against my cock before lifting herself up and impaling herself on me. “Oh yes!” she cried as my full length buried itself into her. She started humping up and down on me, hard. “I wanna make you come in me again,” she gasped as I reached behind her and placed a finger tip on her arsehole. “Oh jesus, I’m so close, oh yes I’m coming, Joe, come with me, come with me.” I was – closing my eyes and shaking with the exertion as my penis squirted into her again. We slowed our movements gradually, and kissed on the lips. Parting, we laughed at ourselves – as bad as horny teenagers sneaking away from the parents for illicit sex. Ann eased herself away from my shrinking prick and stood in front of me. “I love the feeling of it running down my legs,” she said, showing me her pussy, my cream oozing from between the lips.
We had to rejoin the rest of them – our flight was in half an hour. Ann listened at the door to make sure there was no one else around, and we ran out of the toilets. “Wondered where you’d got to,” said Beth, ever the organiser, as we got back to where everyone else was seated. “Come on, they’ve just called our flight.”
Epilogue
I haven’t slept with my sister since that holiday. We didn’t even have a seat together on the plane home, and when we got back to our parents, Ann drove off quickly, wanting to be with her son. She phoned me four or five days later. “Hey, I, er, got my period,” she said, and, although it hadn’t been worrying me too much I had to admit I was pleased! “We still friends?” she asked.
Of course we were. I think I’ll love my sister as long as I live. I’ll certainly always remember our family holiday together.
