Chapter 1
Melissa Jacobs slowly forced her eyes open as the morning sunlight peeked through the blinds. She looked at the clock on her bedside nightstand and saw that it was almost 8 a.m. It had been quite some time since she had slept this late on a Saturday morning. She yawned, stretching her arms above her head, causing the pink silk sheet to slip from her large breasts, tickling her nipples into erection as it fell. A chill of undeniable excitement rushed through her and she trembled. She sighed with a bit of frustration at how easily her breasts responded to the slightest touch. Her nipples had always been very sensitive, but in the past six months she could barely touch them without feeling a tingling between her legs. She chastised herself for the inability to control what she considered inappropriate basic instincts ... after all; she was a thirty-six year old divorced mother of an eighteen-year-old boy. Women her age didn't have those feeling, or so she tried to convince herself.
She threw the covers from her naked body and climbed out of bed. She rarely slept naked, but found it to be fun and sensuous on occasion. She sighed as she made the bed neatly before walking toward the bathroom. As she passed the full-length mirror she paused for a moment to scan her body.

The years had been good to her and she had remained fit, thanks to the expensive exercise equipment her ex-husband had installed in the basement. Her natural 36 "C" breasts were a perfect match for her narrow waist and smoothly flaring hips. She knew she looked good in whatever clothes she chose to wear, yet she tended to dress conservatively, the result of her strict religious upbringing, preferring to wear jacketed business suits on workdays to cover her slightly tight blouses and slacks (the tightness she attributed to a couple of pounds she had gained since the divorce two years earlier). Her mother had taught her that "good girls" didn't flaunt their sexuality. "Good girls" were always properly dressed. Those lessons stayed with her over the years and therefore, she tended to cover up when in public, wearing fuller cut tops and dresses as well as full bathing suits on the beach instead of the string bikinis that many younger women wore.
As she gazed at her figure, her eyes traveled down her flawless breasts and the still hard pink nipples to her flat stomach and on to her pubic mound. Her larger than normal clitoris and protruding inner lips seemed to flower outward from her smoothly shaven outer lips. The size of her clit and labia had embarrassed her when she was young but not now. No one saw that area of her body anymore.
She pursed her lips as she turned this way and that, looking at the sensual curve of her hips and her strong and shapely thighs. But her eyes invariably went back to her hairless pubic mound. Roy, her ex-husband (sixteen years of marriage) insisted that she keep herself shaven, regardless of her protests. Although it sometimes felt embarrassing, it was easier to give in than to argue. Surprisingly, after years of being clean-shaven, it felt more natural than having hair. And besides, it didn't matter since, in spite of the best efforts of her friends, she hadn't even had a date since the divorce two years ago.
Without thinking, Melissa's hand idly slipped across her breast, sending a now familiar chill through her as she lightly touched her nipple with the palm of her hand. Almost without realizing it, she moved her feet apart, allowing her hand to continue to move downward until it paused at the top of her sex mound. Her face flushed hot as she spread the fleshy hood covering her clitoris, exposing the penis shaped nub to the cool air. Her breathing grew rapid as she stared at the now swollen clit.
Melissa knew it was wrong to be doing this, but despite her internal admonishment, her legs slipped further apart, almost obscenely exposing herself to the mirror. With eyes wide, she stared at her pussy, watching the swollen clit pulse with excitement. She knew her clit was larger than normal... she had seen other women in playboy magazines found hidden under her son's mattress. Sometimes she wondered if she was a freak ... her clit was twice the size of any of those women. As she continued to stare, she dared to move her finger across the stretched surface of her clit, bringing a moan of pleasure, or was it remorse, from her lips.
This was crazy, she thought as she suddenly forced her hand from between her legs. With a sigh she strode into the bathroom to sit on the toilet. Yet, the feeling did not diminish as she began to relieve herself. The tiny pearl of skin at the top of her lips almost throbbed. Her legs began to tremble and she wondered if she was losing her mind.
Instead of rising after relieving herself, she sat back and spread her legs. Again her fingers found her clit. With a moan she began to rub herself, bringing excited whimpers from her lips. Up and down her fingers traveled, gently massaging her now pulsing clit until she felt tingling in her toes ... the tingling climbed up her legs to her pussy, making her body shake with excitement. It had been a long time since she dared to pleasure herself. She knew it was wrong, but it was almost too late to stop. Her head started to spin and she began to gasp for breath.
"Mom, are you awake?" Eric called through the bedroom door.
Melissa gasped and sat straight up at the sound of her son's voice. She pulled her hand from between her legs like a kid caught with a hand in the cookie jar. The excitement of the moment collapsed like a balloon pricked with a pin.
It took her a second to respond. "Uh... yes, I'm in the bathroom."
"Sorry. I just wanted to let you know that I was going over to Jimmy's house. I'll be back about one or two. Do you want me to pick up anything at the store?"
"Uh ... yes, wait a minute," she returned. She hurried out of the bathroom and to her dresser where she retrieved a pair of panties. As she pulled them up her legs and the material touched her still swollen clit, she gasped. A tremor of renewed excitement rushed through her. Without waiting for the feeling to pass she reached for the first article of clothing available, a sheer pink nightgown. It was her favorite nightgown made of a sheer wispy silk material covering her body from her shoulders to her feet ... yet it was so sheer it really hid nothing. She never wore it when anyone would see her. She pulled it over her head and hurried to the door without thinking of the transparency of her gown. After a moment's pause she took a deep breath and opened the door to see her son's handsome smiling face.
"Sorry to bother you," he said with a smile.
Melissa saw his bright blue eyes sparkled as he looked at her. She knew that her hair had not been combed and her face was flushed and she worried that somehow he would know what she had been doing seconds ago in the bathroom. When she saw her son's eyes drift down a bit her face flushed redder and she crossed her arms over her almost bare chest. "Uh ... no problem. I was just getting dressed," she said, pushing her shoulder length red hair back with one hand. "Did you ... did you say you would stop at the store?"

"Yes, but it won't be until this afternoon."
"That's fine. I need some milk and bread. Let me get you some money." With that Melissa turned, relieved her hide her near nudity from her son's eyes, and saw her pocketbook sitting on the floor next to the bed. Without thinking she bent over to retrieve her wallet. As she did the gown stretched across her nearly bare ass. When she heard what she thought was a gasp, she stood up quickly and turned around.

It was Eric's turn to blush and his eyes shifted away.
Melissa knew that he had been spying on her for a long time. It was nothing terribly overt, but noticeable nonetheless. It had begun several years earlier. She figured that he thought that she hadn't noticed. She had, but she chalked it up to adolescent fantasy and something he would grow out of. While she was a bit flattered by the attention, she was also worried. He was 18 now and in college and should be thinking of girls his own age. Much to her embarrassment, the feelings she received from his sometimes lustful stare were more than a little uncomfortable and not entirely mother-like.
She worried that without a father in the house, it was going to be left to her to discuss the birds and bees with her son, and she knew it would not be a comfortable conversation for either of them.
"Wanna go out for pizza tonight?" Eric asked hopefully.
"Don't you have a date? I mean, wouldn't you rather go out with friends instead of your old mom?"
Eric smiled and said, "First of all, you're not old. Second, I would rather go out with you than any of my friends in school." Eric's face flushed again. He sounded like a lovesick schoolboy. But in truth, that was exactly what he was.
Melissa felt a strange feeling rush up and down her body. She told herself she was still recovering from touching herself. She cleared her throat and said, "All right. I want to talk to you about a couple of things anyway." She handed him the money and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. As she watched him walk away in his jeans, tennis shoes, and tight tee shirt, she sighed. She had to admit that he was a gorgeous boy: not overly tall—he still had some growing to do, but with a handsome face, dark hair, blue eyes and a sparkling smile, he would be a lady killer soon. She wondered why he didn't have loads of girlfriends already. There was a nagging feeling that she really knew the reason and it scared her.
Chapter 2
"Ready to go mom?" Eric called as he stood at the foot of the stairs waiting for his mother to come down. They had reservations at 6:30 at a local pizza restaurant.
Melissa put the finishing touches on her makeup before she hurried out of the bedroom. When she arrived downstairs she was surprised to see that Eric had on a suit. He rarely wore a suit and in fact it general took a great deal of pleading from her to get him to put one on. She was justifiably impressed. "Very nice," she said as she sized up the suit he was wearing. The last time she had seen the suit was when a friend got married several months earlier.

She had on a pair of striped slacks and a blouse with a cashmere sweater underneath.
"Wow, you look great too, Mom," he said.
"Thanks," Melissa responded and suddenly her son's stare made her nipples harden under the sweater. She rationalized that it was just the result of a draft in the old house. But then she felt her panties rubbing on her swollen clit and a shudder when through her. She swayed a bit.
"You okay, Mom?" Eric asked.
"Uh ... uh ... yes. I just got a little light headed. Guess I'm hungrier than I thought," Melissa responded quickly. She held out her arm for the coat and turned away from her son to hide her still flushed face.
Eric drove the couple of miles to the restaurant and soon they were sitting in a booth waiting for their pizza order. Eric ordered a Coke and Melissa got a pitcher of Sangria. She needed something a little stronger than Coke after a day of worrying about the conversation she was about to have with her son.
For a few minutes the two of them made small talk, with Melissa drinking three glasses of wine to bolster her courage.
"So, Eric, tell me something," Melissa said.
"Sure, Mom, anything for you," he returned with a smile.
"I ... I ... was wondering why you ... why don't you date more. I mean ... like tonight you're going out with me and its Saturday night." There she had said it.
Eric looked a bit shocked at the question. "Uh ... that's a strange question, Mom."
"I know, Hon, but I'm worried about you. That's what mothers do. I see you staying home every night with all those pretty college girls around and ... well, you should be dating."
"I do date occasionally. I went out two weeks ago as a matter of fact."
"Yes, and you were home by eleven."
"Mom, most mothers would be happy that their kids are home early."
"That's true, but you're a young man and should be sowing your wild oats a little. You know ... have a little fun with the girls."
"I can't believe I just heard you say that," Eric said with a look of amazement. Then his face turned serious. After a pause he said, "It's just that girls my age are so immature."
Melissa laughed loudly. Then she put her hand over her mouth and looked embarrassed at her loud outburst.
"Why are you laughing?" Eric responded defensively.
"Sorry. It's just that that's what girls generally say about boys, not the other way around."
"It's true."
The smile left Melissa's face as she said, "I know you are mature for your age, Eric. Still, there have to be girls who you can date that are mature."
"Well, maybe, but they are few and far between."
Melissa paused for a moment before she asked the next question. "But, what about ... what about ... you know ... sex?" Melissa blushed.
"Mom!" Eric gasped. "You're not supposed to ask your son that type of question."
It was Melissa's turn to look serious. She reached over and grasped his hand. "I know, but without a father around all the time ... and we have been so close since the divorce ... I just thought you might need someone to talk to." This was even harder than she had anticipated. She paused again before saying, "I'm messing this all up." Tears suddenly came to her eyes.
"You are seriously worried aren't you?" Eric squeezed his mother's hand warmly and smiled.
"Yes. I'm your mother, and father, and I don't know about boy stuff. Your dad is across the country now and remarried, so he can't do it."
There was a long silence as she watched her son stare at her with a questioning look. She figured he was trying to decide if he was going to open up to her. She hoped he would and at the same time prayed he wouldn't. It was all so confusing raising a teenaged boy as a single mom.
Finally he took a deep breath and said, "All right, if you want me to talk to you like I would if dad were around, fine, but don't get embarrassed."
Melissa smiled as she wiped her eyes. "I can't promise that."
"All right, you asked for it. As I said, girls my age are so immature ... even the upper class girls. I just want more from a relationship than 'dating with benefits'.
"Dating with benefits ... what's that?"
Eric paused and then said in warning, "Remember you asked."
Melissa nodded her head and waited expectantly. She really had no idea what he was talking about.
"Dating with benefits is where you go out with a girl and afterward, because you paid for dinner or the movie, she ... well, she does things."
Melissa was still clueless. "Does things?"
"Yes. You know ... uses her hand on you, or her mouth." Eric sighed and added bluntly, "You know, like a handjob or blowjob."
Melissa's eyes flew open. "Oh!" she exclaimed.
"I warned you."
Melissa took a gulp of wine and then a deep breath. After a long pause she gathered her composure and said, "Go on."
"After the date and the 'benefit', you may or may not go out with her again. Or, you might never see her again. It's what all the kids do. It starts in junior high."
"Good God! Junior high school?"
"Yes. But, it's not like sex."
"It's not sex? Then what is it?" Melissa asked with astonishment.
"That's when you actually do it."
"You mean intercourse?"
"Yes."
"This is hard to believe," said Melissa.
"It's true," returned Eric.
Melissa thought for a moment and said, "And you say all the kids do it ... meaning you?"
Eric's face flushed, looked down at his glass, lowered his voice and said, "Yes."
"So you have had girls use their ... their mouth, or, or their hand on you," she asked, the wine giving her the courage to continue the line of questioning.
"Of course."
"What about 'real' sex ... intercourse, have you done that?"
"Oh wow, Mom."
"Come on. It's honesty time. Just act like you're talking to a friend or your father."
"I don't think I would talk to dad like this," Eric returned.
"Well, have you had real sex?"
"Yes. A few times."
Somehow, Melissa felt almost relieved. "Did you use protection?"
"God, Mom!"
"Well?"
"Yes, but not with handjobs or blowjobs, which is what we do most of the time. That would take all the fun out of it." Eric laughed nervously.
Melissa giggled nervously. "I suppose you're right. Your dad used to say that it was like taking a shower in a raincoat." She suddenly realized that she was still holding her son's hand. It felt very hot in hers. Her heart was beating faster for some strange reason. "Dating with benefits, huh," she said, almost to herself.
"Remember, Brenda Kramer?" Eric asked.
"Yes, you had her over here a couple of weeks ago."
"Remember when you came downstairs to ask if we needed anything before you went to bed?"
"Yeah."
"Well, if you had come down about one minute earlier, you would have seen what dating with benefits really is." Eric smiled.
"You mean she was giving you a hand ..." Melissa started to say and paused.
"No. You said she had something on her chin. It wasn't food ... well real food." Eric laughed.
Melissa looked confused for a moment.
"You're not that naive are you?"
Suddenly she knew what he meant; Brenda had just finished giving her son a blowjob and had his cum on her chin. Melissa felt her face turn red. She remembered it distinctly now. Both of the kid's faces were flushed. She thought they had just been kissing. Now the sticky substance on her chin made sense. Although she was embarrassed at Eric's revelation, an unwanted chill of excitement rushed through her and made her tremble.
"You okay, Mom?" Eric asked when he saw his mother tremble.
Melissa saw her son's eyes on her now hard nipples. "Uh ... yes ... it's a little cold in here," Melissa said.
"Anyway," he continued, "as soon as you left, I was on the floor with my face buried between her legs."
Melissa gasped and her eyes opened wide.
At that moment the pretty waitress arrived with their pizza. She sat it on the table and turned to Eric with a sexy smile. "Anything else for you?"
Melissa saw her look and felt a twinge of anger. She answered for Eric. "No, that will be all," she said curtly.
The waitress gave her an irritated look and strode away.
"I have to go to the bathroom," said Melissa. With that she got up and swayed a bit from all the wine she had consumed. Incredibly, like earlier at the house, she could still feel her panties rubbing on her swollen pussy lips. A moment later she was in the restroom in a stall. When she pulled her panties down she was aghast to see that the crotch was literally soaked with juice. She could see her swollen clit sticking out like a miniature penis, almost throbbing with excitement. She was not only shocked, but also mortified that the conversation with her son had excited her. Still, the alcohol rushing through her brain would not let her process the enormity of what had just happened. She sat down to ponder the strange feelings that seemed to be engulfing her more often everyday. She didn't have any answers.
A few minutes later she returned to the table, walking slowly to avoid swaying, but also to keep her panties from stimulating her still swollen clit. She sat down and looked at her smiling son. She took a deep breath and let it out, wondering if the conversation had been a good idea in the first place. Then she remembered the other thing she wanted to tell Eric. "Oh, Eric, I've been waiting to tell you some exciting news. Do you want to hear?"
"Of course. What is it?" he asked curiously.
"Well, on Friday, I won first place in a system design contest at work. I designed a solution for a flaw in our fabrication process that helped keep the reverberator's from freezing up ..."
Eric's grimace showed that he had no idea what she was talking about. He held up his hand. "Mom, what did you win?"
"Oh yes, I won a trip for two to either Florida for two weeks or..." Melissa paused.
"Wow, a trip to Florida," Eric exclaimed.
"Or" she said again louder. "A trip to Zermatt, Switzerland."
"What? You won a trip to Zermatt?" Eric almost screamed.
Melissa smiled at his enthusiasm. Now it was her turn to hold up her hand. "Wait a minute. The trip to Florida includes a great condo on the beach in St. Petersburg. The Switzerland trip is to a cabin on the side of a mountain. I saw a picture and it is pretty rustic. I think it does have running water though. The place belongs to the Chairman of our company and he put it up as a prize. I think he inherited it from his grandmother who lived there most of her life. I don't know how good the accommodations will be."
"It doesn't matter. I don't even care if it doesn't have electricity. Two weeks in Zermatt, God, that would be a dream come true."
They both loved to ski but had not been for almost a year.
Melissa smiled. "I thought that's what you would say, so I told them Switzerland."
"Oh, Mom, that's incredible," Eric said and jumped up and came around the table to hug his mother. He sat down in the chair next to her and pulled her close, feeling her soft breasts pressing to his chest. The hug lasted for a long time. "You're the greatest, Mom. When can we go?" he asked.
"Well, since you're on winter break from school, now is as good a time as any. I have the tickets for the flight. We leave Monday." Melissa could see that she had bowled her son over. His enthusiasm made her forget her state of sexual excitement.
For the next half-hour they chatted excitedly about Switzerland as they ate their pizza. Then Eric drove them home, with his mother falling asleep on his shoulder before they reached the main road. Wine always made her sleepy ... and horny.
Chapter 3
"Mom, wake up," Eric said as he gently shook his sleeping mother." When she opened her eyes he said, "We're home."
"Oh, I guess I dozed off."
"You were snoring," Eric laughed.
"I'm sorry. I always get sleepy when I drink wine." Melissa watched as Eric jumped out of the car and rushed around to open the door for her and help her out. Then he put his arm around her and they walked up the sidewalk toward the house.
When they were inside, he stopped. "Thanks Mom, that was a great evening, especially the part about Switzerland. But, you know what? Talking to you was great too. It was a little uncomfortable at first, but I really appreciate that you're interested."
"You're welcome," Melissa said as she stared into her son's pretty blue eyes. "It was nice for me too." The room suddenly grew very quiet. For some odd reason her heart started to beat faster. Without realizing it their lips moved slowly toward each other. When they touched, it was like an electric current had begun charging through her. She tingled from head to toe.
For reasons Melissa would never admit to herself, she allowed Eric to squeeze her tight and work his lips against hers. Her arms went around his shoulders as his lips parted. The tip of his tongue entered her mouth ...

"Mmmmm," Melissa moaned deep in her throat.
"Rinnnnngggggg"
Suddenly the spell was broken when the telephone rang. They both jumped. Melissa quickly pulled away, or more correctly staggered away. She walked in a trance to the jangling telephone. "He ... hello," she stuttered. "It's Tony, for you," she said, holding the phone to Eric, a clear look of disappointment, or maybe relief, on her face.
Eric appeared to be in a fog as well. "Uh ... hi, Tony. Yeah, I was out getting a pizza. Naw, I don't want to go out tonight. It's after ten already. I know, but I only said maybe." He paused and listened. "Brenda and Julie want to double date, huh?"
Melissa couldn't help showing a frown as she stared at her son.
"No, I still think I'll stay home. By the way, my Mom won a trip for us to Switzerland. Yes, we're leaving Monday. " The two boys talked for a few more minutes. Apparently Eric's friend was still trying to convince him to go out. It didn't work.
Melissa hurried to the shower before Eric's conversation was over. She let the almost cold-water rush over her as she tried to wash the excitement of the conversation and kiss from her mind. It had definitely excited her. It was almost overwhelming that she had kissed her own son like that. However briefly, their lips had touched and his tongue had touched hers. She could still almost feel his tongue in her mouth. She didn't know what would have happened if the phone hadn't rang.
A few minutes later she stepped out of the shower and used a large fluffy towel to dry. She walked out of the bathroom and sat down at her vanity, looking at herself in the mirror. Her face was still flushed and she could still feel twinges of excitement rushing through her. She rubbed her thighs together and felt a ripple of excitement between her legs. She thought for a moment about finishing what she had started that morning. "No," she said out loud and stood up.
She put on her nightgown, the same one she had on this morning, and walked out of the bedroom and down the hall to say goodnight to Eric. When she reached his room, she raised her hand to tap on the door. However, she found the door partially open. When she peeked through she gasped at what she saw ... Eric lying on the bed naked and he had his cock in his hand. Her face suddenly felt flushed again and her heart started beating rapidly. She knew that she should turn away, but her eyes were drawn to his strong, young athletic body.

Melissa stared in wonder. His penis was huge. He was much bigger than his father was. The head was swollen and shaped like a small plum. Her legs grew weak as she watched him move his hand up and down the shaft.
"Mmmm," he moaned.
His cock throbbed and it looked to be ready to explode. A bubble of clear juice appeared at the head and then slowly trickled down the side. A steady stream of juice followed.

Melissa had to place her hand on the door jam or risk collapsing. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. Suddenly her clit began to throb with a life of its own and she felt like she might climax. She squeezed her legs together to try and stop it, but that was the wrong thing to do. Her legs trembled as waves of excitement rushed up and down her body. She bit her lip in a last effort to stop the on-coming climax. It was impossible. Her body shook as incredible pleasure rushed through her. Her head spun and her eyes hooded over.

She had never climaxed without manual stimulation before. In fact, it had always taken quite a bit of stimulation to bring her relief. But now, without a touch, she was climaxing. Her body shook and her knees almost buckled as the pleasure continued for some time. As the waves began to subside, she realized that juice was running down her thighs like a river.
Inside the room, Eric was lying back on the bed with his eyes closed, his hand around his cock stroking himself. Little moans of pleasure continued to escape his lips.
Melissa was almost successful in tearing herself away from the door when she glanced in one last time. Her trembling had barely stopped when she saw her son now stroking himself rapidly. All reason left her and she reached between her legs and began to stimulate her still pulsing clit. Her breathing grew labored as she rubbed herself and watched her son play with himself.
She heard a moan and saw him squeeze his fist around his cock, pulling the skintight and making the large head swell even larger. Seconds passed as the purple head grew larger and the entire shaft throbbed.
Suddenly, with a low moan, the swollen head pulsed and a huge bolts of cum shot from the slit like an erupting volcano. The thick sperm arched upward several feet into the air before falling back to his chest with a splat. Another blast followed, and then another. Over and over his cock pulsed, spewing an incredible quantity of juice into the air, only to splatter on his chest and stomach. Finally the throbbing stopped and the remaining juice streamed down his fingers.

When it was over, his stomach and chest were covered in juice, leaving a trail all the way to his chin.
Melissa saw his eyes close as his hand continued to milk his slowly wilting cock. She had begun to climax again at the sight of the first squirt of juice from her son. The waves of pleasure rushing through her made it difficult to keep her eyes open. Her second climax was stronger then the first and threatened to overwhelm her senses. She had never felt anything like it.
The vision of her son masturbating would be burned into her mind forever. Eric's father's equipment wasn't anywhere near as large as her son's was, nor was the quantity of sperm. In fact, the amount of juice coming from Eric had to be double or triple his father's. She wondered with shame what his squirting cock would feel like inside her. It had been a long time since she had felt cum inside her.
Eric moaned contentedly as his hand finally dropped from his cock, juice covering his stomach, chest and fingers.
Melissa came to her senses before Eric opened his eyes. She rushed from his doorway and back to her room. With her door securely locked, she dropped the robe and crawled onto the bed naked. With visions of her son's spewing cock in her mind, she spread her legs, reached for her favorite vibrating dildo and slipped it inside her. She had gotten it as a gag gift years earlier and it had been in her underwear draw since then. She had never had the courage to use it until now.

Moans began to slip from her lips as the mechanical penis began to do the trick. She left the vibrating device inside her, preferring to let it do its work without help from her hand. It was sweet torture to feel it squirm insider her throbbing pussy. She squeezed her still strong pussy muscles to hold it inside. She threw her head back as waves of pleasure began to rush through her. "Oh, God," she gasped. "Eric ... Eric ... Eric ... oh God, I'm cummmmmmmmiiiinnnnngggg," she gasped as another climax came on quickly.
* * * * *
Unknown to her, outside the bedroom door Eric stood in shock.
He had stopped over again to say goodnight. Before he could knock, however, he heard his mother moaning. It took him only seconds to realize his mother was masturbating. Amazingly, it sounded like she was saying his name. He didn't think that was possible, but the thought of it excited him nonetheless.

In record time, his cock began to throb again. He took it out of his pants and began to stroke himself. He knew how crazy it was, but he couldn't help it. He listened closely as he moved his hand rapidly. Suddenly, with little warning, he began to cum, spraying his cream against the door and on the carpet at his feet.
When he finally returned to his senses, he realized he had made a mess. He sheepishly and quietly went to the bathroom and found a towel to clean the door and the carpet.
* * * * *
The following morning, Melissa heard her son before she saw him. She stood at the stove with her back to him. She didn't turn around as he took a seat at the table and picked up the Sunday newspaper. Melissa brought a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon over to the table and set it down.
"Good morning, Eric," she said.
"Good morning," he returned without looking up.
Melissa was feeling embarrassed about what had happened last night. She had watched him masturbate and then fantasized about having sex with her own son. She has an almost irrational fear that he knew she had spied on him.
Taking a deep breath she said, "We have to get our skis and suitcases down from the attic. Can you do that for me?"
"Sure, Mom," Eric answered as he looked up from the paper for the first time. "What time do we leave tomorrow?"
"Really early ... we have to get up at four thirty a.m. I think the flight is at six-thirty. We go to England, Heathrow, and then on to Zurich, Switzerland. I think we arrive about five or six in the evening, their time.
"Uck! I can't sleep on airplanes. Oh well, I guess we can sleep when we get there. I'll get the luggage and our skis as soon as I eat," he said. "I'm really hungry for some reason this morning." He had masturbated twice more that night, thinking of his mother.
Melissa had climaxed twice in the hall without touching herself and then twice that night, using the dildo.
End of Part 1
