(This is a re-imagining of JetLag's "Party Game." All the credit for idea and structure goes to him. -- CO)
*
A few months ago, my wife Karen and I were invited to a holiday party that was thrown by my boss. It was the beginning of the holiday season, and we were eager to go to a nice party, even though it was going to be mostly attended by my coworkers.
Karen and I had only been married a few years ago, after we met in college and fell in love, and we discovered very quickly in our relationship that I loved showing her off. Karen has a beautiful face and a gorgeous "girl next door" body, thin and curvy in all the right places but without looking like a plastic centerfold. Her crowning glory is her breasts, which were a small C-cup and were as perky and full as they had been in college, and were topped by perky pink nipples.
It turns me on to watch other guys stare at her, and Karen has indulged me by wearing tight dresses and low-cut tops. Once during the summer we took a trip to the south of France, and Karen even went to far as to take off her bikini top and sunbathe topless. Even jaded French tourists who had seen naked tits all day stopped and gawked at my wife's gorgeous breasts.
But around our own friends Karen is more reserved, and that meant that when we were home she won't show off or tease as much. Sometimes if we're at a bar or an event where we don't know anyone, she'll wear a blouse that gapes open and will bend over a lot and let guys see down her shirt and get a glimpse of her nipples, but usually she's too concerned about her reputation to do anything more.
For the holiday party, Karen decided to wear a tight skirt and a wrap-around top. She had worn it to tease guys before, because It looked conservative, but if she bent over or twisted to her side it could open up unpredictably, and if she wasn't wearing a bra you could get a peak at her tits. But tonight she wrapped the top tightly.
I was a little disappointed, but then again these were all my coworkers, so it probably wasn't a smart idea to have them see my wife in a compromising position. So I swallowed it and we headed off to the party.
My boss's house was much bigger than I thought it would be, almost a mansion, and when we arrived there we were ushered past a large foyer and several big rooms before reaching the party room. It was large and filled with lots of people, many of them my work colleagues and their spouses. Holiday decorations were everywhere, including mistletoe on every doorframe.
Karen and I began to mingle and chat with the other guests. The drinks were flowing freely and after a while everyone seemed to be tipsy, and some even a little drunk. A lot of the women were also becoming a little flirty, which I was happy to see. There were many cute wives who were wearing sexy dresses, and I was happy to sit back and ogle them as they wiggled and danced around.
I lost track of Karen for a while, and when we met up again she had clearly been drinking a little.
"Are you having fun?" I asked her.
"I am!" she said. "But some of your coworkers are a little aggressive, sweetie."
"How so?" I asked.
"Well, some of them are getting a little touchy. I've had more than a few hands brush my rear and a couple even graze across my boobs. That one guy you know, Brad, even tried to get me under the mistletoe and kiss me!"
That wasn't surprising. I knew Brad had the hots for Karen ever since he had met her.
"Did you let him?" I asked.
"Well," she hesitated. "Kind of. It was just a quick peck. You don't mind, do you, honey? It's just a little kiss, it didn't mean anything. He's just being a flirt."
I smiled. "I don't mind, it's okay," I said.
She grinned. "Come find me later, I'll make it up to you," and left.
I spent the next forty-five minutes wandering around. To be honest, I wasn't that mad at Karen because I was being a little aggressive myself. One of my coworkers at the party, Christine, was an especially cute pixie-looking girl, with a short blonde hairstyle and a lean dancer's body. I had managed to get her under one of the mistletoe and kissed her. She didn't resist and even brushed her hand across my groin before she giggled and stumbled off. Another girl, I think her name was Mary, was very tolerant of people grabbing her bubble-butt, so I helped myself a couple of times too.
When I saw Karen walk up to me again, I immediately noticed that her top was tied much more loosely than it had been at the beginning of the night. Her cleavage was much more exposed, and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. It looked like if she moved too much she would expose a lot more.
Karen saw where I was looking and whispered in my ear, "I'm showing off for you!"
"Have you been getting into trouble?" I said.
"Only a little," she said. "I know these are your coworkers, so I'm not being too naughty. But some of the guys were definitely trying to get a peek at my boobies. That friend of yours, Tom, wasn't even hiding it! He was staring so hard I felt sorry for him and bent over so he could see more. I may have shown too much, I think he got to see my whole breast!"
That made me smile a little. Tom was the uptight guy in our department, so knowing how desperate he was to see my wife's tits was amusing. I assured Karen that I didn't mind a little flashing and that it probably made Tom's night. We soon parted again and I spent some more time flirting with other girls and chatting about work with some guys in my department and my boss.
Soon after I noticed that most of the girls had disappeared from the party. A few minutes later they poured out of a room and began to spread out to talk to their husbands. Karen walked up to me. She was bright-eyed with lust and excitement.
"Honey, the wives all want to play a game, but I'm a little worried."
"What game?" I said.
"It's called Strip Mistletoe," she said. "The husbands all strip down naked and stand underneath a piece of mistletoe. The wives have to parade around and when the lights turn off, they have to stand underneath one of the mistletoe with one of the husbands. When the lights come back on, whichever wife isn't underneath a mistletoe loses an article of clothing."
"Wow!" I said. "That sounds really fun. Don't you want to play?"
"Well, one of the girls was telling me that the husbands all try to get really frisky during this game. Like when the lights are off, they feel up the wives and even try to get their hands in our panties. Are you sure that's what you want? I mean, these are your coworkers. Are you sure you won't mind if they try to feel up your wife's boobs?"
That did stop me for a second. Showing off a little was one thing, but was I okay with these guys I knew groping my wife? But the idea still sounded hot to me, so I nodded. "It's fine with me, babe. Just do what you feel comfortable with."
"Okay!" she said. "And you're not just saying that because you want to feel up any of the wives yourself, are you?"
"Of course not!" I lied. "I just want to see you show off for me."
"Good," she said. "Because I volunteered you to be the odd-husband-out. You'll just turn the lights on and off and take off the article of clothing."
That was disappointing. I was really hoping to grope Christine a bit more. But at least I'd get to undress her, while also seeing my wife strip down and show off her body. So I agreed.
After a bit more crowd murmuring, everyone moved into the party room, where mistletoe had been set up all over the ceiling. The room had a lot of furnishing in it, which was a little surprising to me, since I didn't see how people could rush around in the dark without running into tables or chairs.
All the guys except for me quickly stripped naked and found a piece of mistletoe to stand under. The girls all got in the center and started wandering around while the boss's wife, Jennifer, who was a twenty-something trophy wife, put on some Christmas music and told me to keep the lights off for about a minute to give the wives time to find someone in the dark. I took my spot at the entrance to the room with light switch.
As Jennifer explained the rules to everyone, Karen walked up to me and kissed me hard on the mouth. "Honey, do you want me to be the first to lose an article of clothing? I can do that for you if you want!"
She seemed so hot with anticipation I reflexively agreed. "Yes, baby, be the first to lose."
"Are you sure?" she said. "What if I lose my top? I'm not wearing a bra! Your coworkers will see me topless. Are you okay with that? All of these guys you work with every day, they'll see your wife's bare breasts! They'll know exactly what my boobs look like, and you won't be able to change that once it happens!"
"I'm fine with it," I whispered back. "I want you to lose your top and show off your naked tits for me."
She grinned and headed back to the circle of girls. Jennifer shouted "go" and the wives started wandering around. I noticed that several of them were staying close to their husbands, hoping to jump into their arms when the lights went off, but some of the more adventurous ones were wandering toward other guys.
After a few seconds, I shut the lights off. The main lights went down, but there were so many Christmas lights and electric holiday candles on that you could still see fairly easily in the dim light. There was a general shriek from the girls as they started to scramble around. Karen, I could see, made it a point not to find someone.
After a minute, I turned the lights back on. Karen was still in the center and cried a good-hearted "Oh no!"
Jennifer shouted from across the room. "Karen loses! Go to the light-switcher and tell him what you want him to take off."
Karen walked up to me and winked so that no one could see. "I guess I'll lose my top!" she said.
I grabbed the sides of her top and pulled them apart. Karen had loosened them enough already so that they fell away in my hands. In a swift motion I pulled it off Karen and she spun around to face the room. Everyone burst into cheers as her full naked breasts and pink puffy nipples were completely exposed. Karen had a wide grin and was blushing, which made her naked chest and flat tummy look even hotter.
The girls all got in the center of the room again and started wandering around. Every guy, all of my coworkers, were staring open-mouthed at my beautiful topless wife as her tits jiggled and bounced as she proudly walked around the room. Sometimes she would look back at me and smile, but mostly she was too wrapped up in the attention all the guys were giving her.
I turned the lights off again, and there was another commotion. This time Karen found her way to Brad. A lounge chair blocked most of my view, but I could see that the second she reached him his hands immediately went her tits. She turned her back was to him, and let him freely grope and maul her breasts.
When I turned the lights on, Mary came to the center and asked me to take off her shoes. I complied and got a chance to feel up her legs a bit. When I looked over at Karen she was leaning back into Brad, with her eyes half-closed in pleasure while he pinched and pulled her nipples.
The game went on like this for several more rounds. It was a real turn-on for me to strip down some of the wives, who let me feel them up as I took off their clothing. One wife was down to her bra and another were walking around in just a blouse and their panties. But the husbands under the mistletoe were the ones having most of the fun. They got more and more aggressive on each round, feeling up the girls and even putting her hands under their blouses and dresses.
But all the attention was still on Karen, who was the only one who was topless. She made sure to be with a different guy on each round, and even through the dim lights I could see how they eagerly groped her tits. Some of the guys she stood chest-to-chest and let them grope her all over, but with most of them she turned her back to them and pushed her ass into their groins as they fondled her tits and tummy. One round I saw her with John, a guy in the cubicle across from me at work, who seemed the whole time to be groping her ass under her skirt. The whole time she had an erotic, hot look on her face that turned me on even more.
After the next round Karen lost again. When she walked up to me she whispered, "Honey, I think I may have gone a little too far," and lifted up her skirt. Her panties were torn in pieces, and hanging off one of her thighs. Her pussy was red and soaked.
She saw my look of surprise and confessed. "That was John. When I stood next to him, he turned me around and put his hands under my skirt. He ripped my panties a bit and pushed them to the side. and. . . and. . ."
"...and what?" I insisted.
"Well, he pushed his thing up in me, sweetie. He pushed his big thing up inside my cooch and just me rocked back and forth with it inside me while he groped my boobs. I didn't know what to do! I wanted to stop him, I swear. But it felt really good and the lights were dim, so I thought it would be okay if I let just one of your coworkers fuck me for a little bit. Is that okay, honey? I know you wanted me to be naughty and show off, so it's okay if I let the guys you work with fuck me a little bit, too, right?"
That was shocking to me. I was fine with them seeing Karen topless and even naked, and feeling her up a little bit, but actually fucking my wife? But something else suddenly struck me.
"Wait, what do you mean 'the guys'? You said it was just John," I said.
She hesitated. "Well, at first it was. But maybe some of the other husbands noticed, I don't know, but after him they all started trying to push their cocks up inside my cooch. Every guy I got under the mistletoe with reached under my skirt and ripped my panties a bit more and then stuck his thing up inside me. Even your boss did! He was so eager that I think he even squirted his cum up inside me!"
She looked at my reluctant expression. "But that's okay, right honey?" she whispered. "That's what you always wanted, isn't it? You wanted your hot naughty wife to tease all your coworkers and show off her boobs for them and let them fuck her a little bit?"
My hesitation faded away. The way she was saying it turned me on even more, and now that she had already fucked several of the guys, it wasn't going to get any worse.
"Let me take these off and make it a little easier," I whispered back, and ripped off her panties completely.
"I love you!" she fiercely whispered back, and joined the group of women again.
On the next round, Karen ended up with Brad again. I watched as he immediately bent her over the back of the nearby chair and seemed to stick his cock into my wife's cunt. In the dim light I could see Karen's mouth drop open as my coworker who's had a crush on her for years pumped his dick in and out of her while he fondled her tits.
When the lights came on, Christine walked up to me and asked me to remove her bra. "Let's pretend this didn't happen at work tomorrow," she said and smiled.
I smiled and unclasped her bra, and took a few seconds to grope her small perky breasts. As I did, I looked around. Most of the wives were getting groped very heavily, and some looked like they were also being fucked by the guy they were with. But my real attention was on my wife and Brad, who kept on pumping into her and didn't even seem to care that the lights were on. Most of the husbands were focused on the girl they were with, but many of them still kept looking over to see Karen's round tits bouncing and wobbling as Brad pounded into her.
On the next round Karen lost again and walked up to me. "Honey, I want to be the first naked. Okay? I want all your coworkers to see me my bare boobs and bush and watch me walk around totally naked in front of them. I want you to see me showing off for you and watch them grope my boobies and fuck me. You want to see that, right? You want to see all the guys you work with stare at your naughty naked wife and feel up her boobies and stick their cocks inside her?"
"Yes, baby," I said. "Go show off for me." She grinned and announced to the room that she was going to lose her skirt. I pulled it down and my wife stepped out of it, completely naked in front of all my coworkers. Everyone could now see my wife's full naked tits, her flat stomach and her trimmed bush. Karen walked back to the center of the room and paraded around, grinning as everyone ogled the most private parts of her body.
As hot as it was, I was a little conflicted. These guys were people I knew and saw everyday. My wife was someone they occasionally saw at social events or when she met me at the office, and now they were all watching her naked and even getting a chance to fuck her. What was it going to be like at the company from now on, working with all these guys who had seen me wife naked and had fucked her?
I pondered this even more over the next few rounds, as Karen made sure to get with every guy. During one round I saw her again with my boss, who in the dark was bending her over a table and looked to have his cock inside her. Another time she was with a guy closer to me, who went so far as to stand her up against a wall and fuck her against it. She made eye contact with me and shyly grinned as she grabbed his ass and drove him into her pussy even further. I don't think I've ever been harder watching my wife smiling at me while her tits bounced with the rhythm of another guy pounding into her.
After a few more rounds, the girls were all totally naked. Many of them looked like they had been fucked at least once, but some of them were clearly resisting anything more than just groping. Only Karen looked like she had let all the guys do anything they wanted.
After another hour of playing with all the wives naked, we decided to call it quits. Karen and I accepted an invitation to sleep over and I quickly pulled her into the bedroom. As soon as we got in, she pulled my clothes off and started stroking my cock.
"Did you have fun tonight, sweetie? You're not mad at me, are you?" she said.
"No," I said, "why would I be mad?"
"I got really carried away, I think," she said. "I let all your coworkers stick their cocks in me at least twice, and some even more. A lot of them even shot their hot cum up in my cooch! Your boss did twice. So did Brad. And all the other guys kept feeling up my boobs and butt while they fucked me. Everyone noticed, too, I could feel them all staring at me in the dark while I let their husbands play with my tits and fuck me. I'm going to be so embarrassed tomorrow!"
She started stroking me harder and harder. "But you're happy with it, right? I know you always want your wife to be naughty and flash her boobies and show off for you, and I wanted to make you happy and let your friends see me naked and feel me up as much as they wanted. I wanted you to see all of them take turns fucking your naughty wife and shooting their cum inside her. It was so exciting, but mostly I did it to make you happy!"
Karen reached down and took my cock in her mouth, and I groaned as I came harder than I ever have in my life. She swallowed every drop, and after I collapsed onto the bed she snuggled up next to me.
"I love you, baby! And maybe next time I'll be just as naughty!" she cooed. It sounded like a great idea to me.
