Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.
"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head. "Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.
She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.
"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."
"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"
"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.
"But…"
"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."
"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"
Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."
"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.
Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."
The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?
Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill.
Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.
The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.
***
Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage. And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world.
She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.
Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.
As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features.
She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?
Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.
Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.
Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.
Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.
Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.
As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.
She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.
She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.
Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile
"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind.
The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."
With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.
"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.
She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands.
"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."
Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"
"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.
"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."
"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.
"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."
She nodded.
Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."
"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.
"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."
"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.
The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.
"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."
"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.
"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."
She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.
"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.
His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.
"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.
"I'm not sure how this-"
"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."
She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.
She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.
"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."
"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.
She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.
"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.
Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.
"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.
"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.
"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.
"Good, good. And this?"
His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.
She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.
"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.
"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.
He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.
"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"
He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."
"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools.
Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."
Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist.
He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.
Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.
"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that."
She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.
Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.
"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"
"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.
"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.
Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.
"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.
He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware. Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead.
Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.
She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.
"You felt my touch deep inside you?"
She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.
"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."
He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity.
The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.
In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.
***
A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.
The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.
It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior.
Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.
Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile. It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
Audrey was glad to finally collapse on her narrow pallet a small time later, worn from travelling and the strange events of that day. She curled up in a small ball, her thoughts a tired jumble.
It felt as though she had barely drifted off to sleep when she heard muffled noises coming from the hall. Turning onto her side, she pulled her pillow over her ears as she sought desperately to block out the sound and get back to sleep. The noises grew, and she lay wide-awake, agitated and flushed, feeling a yearning ache grow between her damp thighs.
Finally rolling off her pallet, she padded across the cold stone floor and drew back the curtain that afforded her cell a little privacy. The hallway was lit by the soft moon light filtering through the windows on the far end of the hall, almost full where it hung low in the dark cloudless sky. Her wide eyes latched instantly onto the source of the disturbance.
Tanned masculinity, naked and rippling, filled her vision. Strong muscular arms were planted on either side of a tiny nun pinned against the wall by his body, her gown bunched up around her waist as his hips bucked furiously against her. The woman gasped with each thrust as the man suckled at her neck, her fingers clawing at his broad back, her ankle hooked around his knee.
Audrey felt her nipples tighten and a low throb begin between her thighs. She stood motionless, her wide eyes taking in every thrusting motion of the firm cheeks. Slowly Audrey's eyes lifted to the woman's face, and moistened her lips. The nun's mouth hung open, her pretty features slack, her eyes squeezed shut.
As if of its own accord, Audrey's hand slid between her thighs, feeling the dampness soaking through her thin chemise.
"Oh, yes, yes," the woman cried.
The words seemed to break the spell that held Audrey entranced, and she stumbled blindly back into her cell on trembling legs. She crossed to her pallet and dragged her sheets over her, the image of the lovers' embrace burned in her memory. She lay gazing off into dark space for what seemed an eternity, her mouth dry, her heart racing. She imagined it was her being crushed against the wall by the stranger, her he was filling up as he bucked inside of her, her arms that clung to him as she threw her head back as she cried out her pleasure. Dear God, she thought, she must be cursed.
***
The peel of bells dragged Audrey from her uneasy slumber, and she lay blinking tiredly. The events of yesterday rushing back over her. The appearance of Beth urging her to wake telling her that it was time to bathe drove the last vestiges of sleep from her mind.
Audrey collected her small towel and soap and followed Beth's lead down the steps of the dormitory and along a small dirt path. Eventually the sound of rushing water greeted her ears, and she gave a gasp of delight as the green bushes parted to reveal a cascading waterfall spilling into a secluded rock pool, the crystal clear water sparkling in the early morning light.
Nuns bathed themselves, laughing and splashing each other, and Audrey blushed when she realised they were naked, the water glistening as it spilled over their bare shoulders and breasts.
She became aware of Beth undressing beside her, tugging her shift over her head and tossing it down on a patch of grass before splashing into the water. When Beth realised Audrey stood shyly by the bank, she turned and smiled warmly.
"Come Audrey, wear your shift if you like. Soon you will be used to our ways."
Audrey fingered her simple white shift with its thin straps that just reached her knees, before shrugging to herself and splashing into the water, soap in hand. It mattered little if it got wet, and she would feel better for its protective cover as she was too shy to strip naked before the other nuns.
The water was crisp and fresh, swirling around her ankles and knees as she slowly waded into its clear depths, feeling her way over the smooth pebble bottom. Soon it reached her waist, and she ducked beneath its surface before rising and sweeping her hair from her face with a gasp as her skin tingled from the coolness. Beth playfully splashed her, and Audrey splashed her back, unaware of how the thin material molded her gentle curves, or of the veiled gazes of the other nuns drawn to her young body. The delicious thrust of her tiny breasts with their hard rosy tips were clearly visible through the thin material, tantalising as they jiggled and swayed as she played with Beth.
Eventually she set about the business of bathing so that she would not be late for morning prayers, and she worked the soapsuds into her long, chestnut mane, beginning at the roots and slowly working down to the tips. She dunked beneath the surface, her fingers combing through the thick strands to release the suds to the water before rising for breath. She was squeezing the water from her mane, twisting it into a large coil over her shoulder, when she caught movement from the corner of her eye. Lifting her head, she gazed across the far bank curiously, her eyes sliding along the bushes until they came to an abrupt halt.
A tall man with hair like midnight caught back from a darkly tanned face as sinfully handsome as Lucifer gazed back at her. Her lips parted on a silent gasp, unable to move, unable to speak. Her wide eyes drunk in the full magnificence of him, clothed completely in black.
Her eyes moved over the supple leather tunic stretched across his broad shoulders and chest, down over the leather breaches that clung to his powerful thighs to rest on black leather boots, before sweeping back up to the masculine face watching her so intently. Her heart raced as she felt a strange heat wash over her, lingering between her thighs and making her breasts tingle. There was something strangely familiar about him, the line of his jaw, his brow, but her jumbled thoughts could make no sense of it as she returned his heated gaze.
She swallowed hard as she witnessed the silvery eyes drop to the creamy mounds with their hard tips thrusting against the clinging shift that left little to the imagination. He seemed unable to tear his gaze away from the sight of her breasts, rising and falling with her quickened breathing, the taut tips tightening impossibly harder beneath his molten gaze.
Some wicked part of her urged her to rise slowly from the water, to close the distance between them, and…
She moistened her suddenly dry lips as his eyes locked with hers, an insistent throbbing beginning between her thighs at the wicked images that crossed her mind. A blush crept over her cheeks and chest as she imagined him doing to her what she had witnessed in the hall the night before, his large body pinning hers, his shaft sliding up deep inside of her womanly heat as his mouth closed over her feverish flesh.
A seductive smile curved his lips, as though she had said her wicked thoughts aloud for everyone to hear, and horror washed over her at her wickedness. Her small hands rose to cup her breasts protectively as she swung away from him, presenting him with the curve of her back.
Beth stood but two arms length from her, but Audrey was unable to call out, to warn her of the danger. She was unable to stop herself from gazing over her shoulder, but even before her eyes had found the place where he had stood, she knew he had disappeared as the strange tension that had held her body in his thrall eased.
***
After the noon prayers Beth and Audrey slowly walked upstream from the waterfall, skirting and climbing over rocks, each carrying a woven basket as they searched for a hardy plant Mother Superior used in her poultices to reduce swelling.
Beth jumped across the stream at a narrow point to allow them to cover more ground, and Audrey seemed to fall further and further behind Beth as she took in the beauty around her. It was like they had passed into a different world, and she felt insignificant as she gazed up at the tall trees that seemed to reach to the heavens, streams of sunlight filtering through their leafy canopies.
She paused to tug up a plant nestled between rocks and deposited it in her basket, and as she was rising, she felt an overwhelming sense she was no longer alone. Dismissing it as wild imaginings, she nevertheless hastened her steps to catch up with Beth who had disappeared around a bend in the stream.
She had only taken two steps when she was dragged back up against a solid wall of muscle, a hand sliding over her mouth.
The basket fell to the ground from nerveless fingers as a large tanned hand splayed over the gentle swell of her belly, drawing her up even firmer against the solid warmth pressing against her back. She struggled wildly, her nails scraping the smooth skin of his forearm as she fought to free herself from his iron grip.
He muttered under his breath as he twisted her in his grip and forced her backwards until she felt the smooth bark of a tree pressing into her back. Her small hands pushed blindly against a broad chest as she sought to free herself, her hood askew.
"I mean you no harm," he murmured huskily, tugging back her skewed hood as his large body pinned her against the tree, crushing her soft breasts against his chest.
She stilled as her eyes locked with silvery ones, only to begin struggling anew as she felt a thigh pressing between hers, her eyes widening in shock as she felt the pressure against her secret place.
Slowly he removed his palm from her mouth, but before she could scream his lips covered hers firmly, silencing her protests. He tore the hood from her head and tossed it to the ground before his fingers tangled in her silky mane, tilting her face to his as his tongue glided along her lower lip before slipping into the moist depths of her mouth.
Audrey whimpered against his mouth as he deepened the kiss, knowing she should fight him but swiftly losing herself to the heady sensations flooding her. Her lashes fluttered close as he seduced her with drugging kisses, her small hands relaxing against his chest.
Slowly she softened against him as his mouth coaxed hers into soft submission, and the heat of him seemed to scorch her skin through her habit as held her prisoner against the tree, her body throbbing where his muscled thigh pressed against her softness.
She paid scant attention to the feel of his hands bunching in the material at her thighs, of the cool air wafting around her ankles and knees as she drowned in his kisses. She was breathless and needy, lost in the sensual heat he wove around them.
It was only as she felt the heated trail of his fingers up over her hips, dragging up her skirt with them, that some sense of reality began to intrude.
"No," she whispered as she tore her mouth from his, bruised and swollen from his forceful kisses. But he ignored her protest, his hands slipping up higher beneath her gown, up over her waist.
"I've thought of nothing but your delightful breasts since the moment I saw you standing in the stream, of how sweet they would feel filling my hands," he murmured huskily as he gazed down at her pink stained face.
She trembled as he gently cupped their small weight, moulding them in his warm hands, and her knees all but crumbled beneath the exquisite delicateness of his touch as his caresses gently teased her nipples into hard tips.
She was unable to gaze away from the molten silver eyes that seemed to touch some hidden part of her. "W-what is it you want from me?" she murmured breathlessly, feeling a shameful excitement overtake her as his fingers rolled and plucked the hard buds beneath her gown.
"I want to be inside you," he murmured, brushing his lips across hers as he pinched her nipples sending a quiver racing through her. She felt unable to control the wetness growing between her thighs as he played with her tender breasts. "To come into your slick heat, feeling it clenching around me as I move deep inside of you. And I know you want it too, little one."
She moaned softly as a hand slipped down over her belly to cup her mound, discovering her wetness. It was wrong, so wrong, she thought to herself as his fingers parted her lush pink lips to delve in her dewy folds. Yet it felt so right.
"No," she murmured unconvincingly as he gently stroked her. Her lashes fluttered close as a fire raged between her thighs, her hips arching against his hand, seeking, demanding.
"Your body can't lie, little one." His knee eased her quivering thighs further apart as his mouth pressed butterfly kisses over her cheeks and eyes.
Audrey shuddered against the body that held her pinned to the tree, feeling her body drown in sensations unlike anything that she had ever known as he worked his finger inside of her.
"No," she cried softly, pushing against his wide shoulders as his finger massaged the walls of her slick pussy as his thumb teased her nub.
"Open yourself to me. Let me into your soft heat," he murmured coaxingly as a finger slipped up inside of her.
"No, please, I-I can't… I'm soon to be a nun."
The gentle stroking of her lush pink flesh stilled. "You have never had a man?" he asked softly.
She turned her head, the silky curtain of her hair protecting her from his searching gaze. He caught her chin and gently forced her wide blue eyes to meet his.
The silence stretched out between them as she met his molten gaze, her lips softly parted.
"No." It was a breathless whisper, yet he heard it. He kissed her softly, tenderly.
His hand gave her one last possessive pat between her thighs before he reluctantly withdrew it from beneath her habit and smoothed the flowing material over her limbs.
"You body cries out for a man between your thighs. In time I will show you that your calling is not to God," he promised her huskily, gently tucking a chestnut strand behind the pink shell of her ear as he gazed down at her. "Tell me your name, little one."
She bit her bottom lip. If he went to Father Mathews to ask about her…
The corners of his lips curled at her silence.
"Ah, my beautiful dove will not tell me her name." A finger trailed down over the curve of her cheek to gently rub her soft lips. "I would know it for the pleasure it brings me as I dream of you, little one. But denying me will not prevent me from finding you again. And when I do, I will have you." His lips gently brushed hers. "But not here, like this, with your friend so close."
She trembled as he pressed one last kiss on her before striding away, and she leaned against to the tree, fearful her trembling legs would be unable to support her.
The word "Lukas " floated back to her, tormenting her.
***
Her first week at St Helen's passed relatively quickly, and Audrey was thankful of Beth's mischievous presence that smoothed out the transition. Audrey knew from her inquiring glances on the way back from to the hall that day that her sudden quietness had not gone unnoticed. She was thankful that Beth hadn't pried, for she did not know how to begin to explain Lukas.
Her face heated every time she thought of him and of what he had done to her, and she was still shaken by how shamefully little resistance she had offered.
She walked slowly to Father Mathew's chamber, apprehensive at having her weekly confession with the priest. Did she dare lie to him, or confess her wickedness? She had almost convinced herself that Lukas had been a figment of her imagination.
The door was open, and she hesitated in the doorway, her anxious blue eyes flicking over the golden head pored over a scroll.
Unbidden the image of Lukas came to mind… darkly intriguing. She could have moaned aloud at his ability to slip into her thoughts without warning.
Some noise must have given her away, for Father Mathews gazed up, pinning her with his dark grey eyes. Her wickedness must be plain to see as his eyes moved over her intently as he rose from behind his desk.
"Ah, Audrey. Come, close the door behind you."
She did as he bade and slowly moved further into the chamber, her heart picking up speed.
"You know what we must do at the beginning of each confession?" he queried, moving around to stand before his desk and folding his arms across his chest.
She shook her head in confusion, her wide eyes lifting to his.
"It would be remiss of me not to check your dedication, Audrey."
Her sweet face paled. Did he somehow suspect that she had allowed a stranger to touch her breasts and between her thighs?
"Come, stand on this footstool for me."
She followed his gaze to the large square footstool that rested in the centre of the room. Her wide blue eyes returned to his before darting away nervously.
Swallowing hard, she lifted her skirts with trembling fingers and gracefully climbed up onto the wooden surface to face the large oval windows through which the afternoon sunlight filtered. Her guilty mind never questioned his authority over her.
"Raise your habit," he ordered, and gave Audrey a stern look when she hesitated. "Do not make this more difficult than it needs to be, Audrey. Your old Mother Superior wrote good things about you, and it would dishearten her to learn differently."
Dropping her gaze, her fingers clasped her skirt and drew her habit to just below her knees.
"Higher."
Squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly exposed her trembling thighs to his intense gaze.
"Higher, Audrey. Do not make me ask you again."
She did as he ordered, tugging the skirt up to her waist and exposing the soft chestnut curls at the apex of her thighs, her head lowered.
"Shoulders back…feet touching the edges of the stool. That's it."
Audrey held herself still as hands circled her tiny waist before slipping down over her hips to gently caress her soft belly with his thumbs. She bit her lip, feeling strangely weak at his light caresses, her face stained pink. A moan escaped her as his hands moved around to cup her bottom, his strong fingers kneading the soft flesh as his warm breath stirred her curls.
She instinctively clenched her bottom together as Father Mathew spread her cheeks apart, and a shocked cry escaped her at the stinging slap he administered on her unprotected behind.
"Do not disobey me again, Audrey," he commanded softly.
She nodded quickly, biting her lip as a tremor raced through her.
He smoothed his hands up her inner thighs until they brushed against her lips. Her heart raced as he gently peeled them apart before his dark gaze, feeling faint and hot. Before she could think to protest, his leaned forward and his tongue darted out, tasting her soft pink flesh.
She gave a startled squeak, her fingers clenching in his blonde mane as she fought for balance. He lapped at her dewy folds, his tongue lazily circling her pulsing nub before gently sucking on her.
"F-Father…" she cried in bewilderment at the exquisite pleasure bursting between her thighs, her legs almost giving way beneath her.
Without warning he thrust a finger up inside of her, drawing a husky cry from her. She arched against his mouth as his finger worked up inside of her, stretching her around him.
"Please," she cried, drowning in the delicious sensations of his tongue stabbing her throbbing nub as his finger swirled inside of her. She was unable to prevent the soft moans escaping her as her young body opened to his caresses, feeling the moisture pool between her thighs. She shuddered against his mouth as her tight walls gripped the gently thrusting finger, her head thrown back. The tension between her thighs wound tighter and tighter, like a cord about to snap.
Her eyes widened in shock as she felt a finger pressing against the puckered entrance nestled between her cheeks.
"No!" she cried. She squirmed away from it, only to find herself impaled on a second finger as it thrust up inside her pussy. Her hips arched as he began to ease the fingers in and out of her as his tongue flicked at her nub, the threat forgotten.
When she felt a finger probing at her dark entrance, she struggled anew, almost stumbling from the stool, shocked at the intrusiveness of that determined invasion.
He withdrew from her, frowning as he gazed up at her. "You dare refuse your master?" he queried dangerously.
His hands spanned her tiny waist as he lifted her to the ground, and she tried to put some distance between them, but he caught her wrists, dragging her young body up against his.
She was unable to control her trembling as she met the dark grey eyes, knowing eventually that she would be unable to refuse him anything.
He was her Priest, her guide in all things, her connection to God. With every cell in her being she wanted to become a nun, and she would probably do everything he asked of her.
The thought of the dark stranger intruded her thoughts.
Mathew gazed down at her for what seemed an age, noting the dilated eyes, the flushed creamy skin, the unsteady rise and fall of her tiny breasts before he pushed her from him with a show of displeasure and turned his back to her.
"Leave me," he ordered. He heard her flee, and knew that had she remained he would have taken her maidenhead with one hard thrust as he bent her over his desk. She was damp and lush, not the dry heat of her first time when he had to coax her body into taking his fingers inside her tight pussy.
He had known then that she was an innocent even before he felt her maidenhead, yet it had given him immeasurable pleasure to torment her as he sought physical proof. He was intent on playing more games with his delightful young novice, seducing her into complete submission, molding her to his desires before he fucked her sweet pussy.
***
Audrey's chin rested on her hands as she gazed down at the courtyard from her tiny window, watching the play of shadows over the immaculate hedges and small stone statues. She felt restless, a strange ache filling her body as she was tormented by images of Lukas and Father Mathews. Her nipples felt tingly and tight, sensitive to the brush of her shift with her every movement, and she didn't need to touch herself to feel the dampness between her thighs.
She didn't know how long she sat gazing off into the darkness, her thoughts a confused jumble, when a slender figure darted across the courtyard, catching her eye. A blonde lock escaped the confines of a voluminous cloak.
Beth.
Audrey barely hesitated before gathering the soft folds of her dark cloak around her white shift and quietly slipping from her room. She didn't question why she was following the other novice, or where she could be going at this late hour as she silently padded down the stone steps and pushed at the wooden door. She desperately wanted someone to talk to, feeling overwhelmed in her small cell by thoughts of wickedness and depravity.
The night air was crisp and cool, and she pulled the cloak closer around her as she followed her friend. She hastened her steps as Beth darted off to the left, taking a worn path that weaved through a thicket of tall trees that lay on the eastern reaches of the convent grounds.
Audrey felt swallowed up in the darkness as she moved beneath the arch of overhanging branches. Soon Audrey stumbled onto the edges of a ring-shaped clearing, an altar-stone at its heart. Pagan markings etched into the smooth solid stone table glowed in the moonlight, sending a shiver of apprehension through her. She hesitated, pressing herself against smooth bark of a tree as she gazed upon Beth where she stood, her back to Audrey, not ten steps away.
Her lips parted in a silent gasp as the cloak fell from Beth's shoulders, revealing her voluptuous curves and full bottom to the cool night air, her smooth skin and long blonde hair glowing palely in the moonlight.
Shock held Audrey immobile as she gazed upon the novice, drinking in the sight of her uninhibited body. She didn't notice the man cross the clearing from the opposite direction until he came to stand before Beth. He made no move to touch her as his possessive gaze roved over her. He stood imposing, intimidating, like a god, black robes flowing over his broad shoulders.
Audrey watched from the side with wide eyes as Father Mathews grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her to the altar. He bent her over the edge of the table, her arms twisted behind her back and caught in one large palm as he kicked her ankles apart. Beth moaned as he stood behind her, grinding his pelvis against her bottom as he leaned over her to mutter something in her ear. He released his painful grip on her hair to slip it down between their bodies, dragging up his black robe before he gripped her hips with both hands.
Audrey's breath shuddered from her lungs as he surged against Beth, beginning to thrust against her with long, forceful strokes. Each murmur, each groan, each pounding thrust echoed through Audrey until she felt a hot, burning ache between her empty thighs.
Her eyes were drawn to where their bodies joined, her mouth dry as she gazed upon the thick glistening thick shaft sliding in and out of Beth's pussy as he pumped into her furiously from behind. Beth strained against him as he shoved himself into her without mercy, his hand sliding up over the curve of her back to tangle in her blonde mane and draw her head back as he bucked against her.
She gazed upon the scene before her, her lips parted, heart pounding, unable to tear her eyes away. She drank in the sight of Beth as she moaned in ecstasy as she writhed and shuddered on the thick shaft impaling her.
Audrey sensed a slight movement in the air around her, but before she could think to move, to react, a huge palm slid over her mouth, muffling her squeak of surprise as a solid wall of muscle pressed against her back.
"I've found you, my delightful little voyeur who refuses to tell me her name," he murmured, his breath stirring the tendrils at her temple. She was enveloped in his warm strength, his clean earthy scent filling her nostrils, and her lashes fluttered close. The breath caught in her throat as a hand delved beneath the folds of her cloak, sliding up over her ribcage.
A strange weakness flooded her as his hand closed over a soft mound with its taut tip. She arched against him as he rolled and pinched it between his long fingers through the thin cloth, feeling it harden impossibly further as she moaned against the hand covering her mouth.
"Are you wet, little one?"
She whimpered as his hand uncovered her mouth to trail down over her neck and the valley between her breasts, down over her belly to cup her mound through the thin cloth of her shift.
His fingers gently rubbed her dampness through the cloth, drawing soft moans from her as she softened against him. His masculine heat scorched her through the thin layers that separated them.
"Oh, yes," he groaned as he stroked her like a delicate harp. "Do you enjoy the sight of him pleasuring himself inside of her, wishing it was your pussy feeling a thick shaft sliding up inside its welcoming heat?"
Her lashes flickered open, her dark blue eyes drawn to the pagan altar, and the rutting couple upon it. She moaned in acquiescence as his mouth closed over the soft skin over her neck. His fingers tangled in the ribbon ties of her bodice, dragging the folds apart to expose the gentle swell of one creamy breast with its taut rosy tip to the cool midnight air.
Her eyes focused on the sight of Beth moving to kneel between Father Mathews's spread thighs where he lay on the long stone table. Her small hands gripped his shaft as her blonde head bobbed down on its imposing length with luscious enjoyment, her wide mouth working up and down on him.
"W-who are you?" Audrey whispered, a tremor racing through her as his fingers closed over her bare breast.
He caressed her tiny mound as she leaned against him for support, arrows of ecstasy shooting down to the place where his other hand was gently coaxing her yearning body into melting submission.
"Anything you want me to be," he breathed against her damp skin, sending a shiver racing through her.
Audrey quivered as she felt his fingers stroking between her thighs slid, down the length of it to curl around the hem of her shift. She was unable to take her eyes from the glorious sight of the wanton Beth moving to sit astride Father Mathew's hips and slowly sinking down until she rested fully on him.
The breath shuddered from Audrey's lungs as his palm slid up her inner thigh, teasing her soft quivering flesh until she ached to feel his caresses at the hot, melting core of her.
"Please, I want…"
Her legs almost gave way as fingers deftly parted her lush pink folds and slid along the dewy valley. She whimpered as he found the firm, pink nub nestled in the swollen, glistening flesh, coaxing soft cries from her as he tormented her with growing intensity.
She was unable to control the fire raging out of control between her thighs, licking at her melting flesh, consuming her innocent body until there was no thought of denying this man what he willed.
His hand on her breast and between her slippery thighs made her mindless with pleasure as she writhed on the fingers stroking her, her wide blue eyes fixed on the sight of Beth as she rode the man beneath her, her head flung back, her heavy breasts jiggling.
"Touch me." His warm breath tickled Audrey's ear as his fingers drew her small hand between their bodies to press against the thick hard pulsing length of him through his breeches.
Her fingers traced the hard ridge of him, sliding up to delicately explore the thick blunt velvet tip of him bursting over the top of his breeches, feeling the drop of moisture, smoothing it into his skin experimentally, before sliding back down the thick heavy shaft.
He groaned as her fingers closed firmly around him and boldly squeezed.
A whimper escaped her as his finger probed her dewy gate, slipping up inside her snug pussy.
"I need to be inside you, little one," he murmured huskily as his finger massaged her slick walls, and she arched against him as a thumb brushed over her nub.
"No," she protested weakly, a sense of reality came rushing back at what she was doing, of what she was allowing him to do as he pushed against her bottom. "I-I can't--"
He groaned as his fingers explored the thin stretch of skin deep in inside of her. "Do not deny me this, little one," he murmured against her ear as his hand guided his heavy shaft between her silky thighs. "Your body cries out for mine."
She moaned softly as she felt the glistening velvety tip of him sliding in her dewy folds, rubbing her nub, before moving down to probe her melting entrance.
"I can't," she cried tremulously, tears filling her eyes as her body ached for the feel of his thick shaft sliding up inside of her tight pussy. She squirmed deliciously against him as he prodded her slick entrance, her body's urges warring with her natural reserve. "I-I have to remain a virgin. I must become a nun."
"If there was a way, little one, to leave you maidenhead intact, would you let me come inside you?" His fingers gently stroked her pink nub until she was writhing on the blunt head of his shaft.
She was unable to take her eyes from the sight of Beth straddling Father Mathews, his hands on her drawing her down to him as his mouth latched onto a swaying breast.
She nodded bewilderedly, wanting to feel him between her thighs with every fiber of her being, but knowing it was impossible.
He saw her nod, and it was enough. He drove his hips forward with a triumphant groan.
She squeaked as she felt her innocent flesh forced to spread around the spearing head as he pushed against her, and she tried to shift her helpless body away from him, but his fingers splayed low over her belly, holding her firm as he slid deeper up inside of her.
"Relax, there will be no pain, I promise you."
Her small hands grasped the tree before her for support her. She had experienced anything as exquisite as the burning sensation of him sliding up inside of her tight pussy walls, forcing them to stretch around the huge thickness slowly filling her.
She whimpered as the head of his shaft came to press threateningly against the resistance of her maidenhead, and even as her body cried out to be filled by him, her mind fought for control. "No," she protested feebly, a tear sliding down her cheek as a shudder ran through her.
"Trust me, little one. Open to me."
He groaned against her ear as he slowly eased himself out of her before sliding back inside of her. His hands gripped her hips to prevent her writhing on him as he gently thrust into her with short, controlled strokes.
He kept his body under fierce control as her snug pussy squeezed the head of his shaft exquisitely as he gently rocked inside of her, careful not to breach the thin barrier that loomed against the head of his shaft with each stroke.
The sharp contrast of his head sheathed in her slick heat and the rest of his member experiencing the cool midnight air was almost unbearable. Every cell in his body urged him to drive himself into her to the hilt, tearing through her maidenhead, to possess her fully with his cock. He knew the wrath of his brother would be brutal if he discovered he had tasted her warm heat, yet he could not deny her effect on him. He was drawn to her unwillingly. He knew the twisted games his brother played with the nuns at the convent, and his chest tightened at the thought of her glorious innocence and breathtaking sensuality being corrupted by Mathew.
Audrey was powerless to fight the sensations he wrought in her as he forced his shaft into her slick tightness. She knew this was wicked, that she should stop him, but she was lost to the waves of sensation overwhelming her, sucking her into a spiralling darkness until she was incoherent of all thought. Her innocent body squirmed on the hard length of him, melting around the exquisite friction of him sliding up inside of her.
Her eyes were locked on the sight of Beth rolling beneath Father Mathews, his weight on his shoulders, his cheeks clenching as he worked himself between her splayed thighs.
"Don't…move," Lukas groaned against her ear as her delicious wiggling almost cracked his tight control. He stilled his thick length inside of her as his hand slid down over the gentle swell of her belly into the thatch of soft curls.
She moaned as his fingers found her, stroked and tormented her until she could fight the sensations no longer, waves of pleasure washing over her as she shuddered on the blunt head of his shaft. Her tight walls squeezed the tip of him as she clenched and unclenched around him as she pulsed with ecstasy, her head thrown back against his shoulder, her whole body arching as she exploded around him.
Her soft cries where like kisses to his ears as she climaxed sweetly around him, and it took all of his willpower not to ram into her like an animal, plowing her belly until he burst inside of her, filling her with his seed.
He drew out of her and stumbled back, taking deep laborious breaths as he fought for control. He squeezed his eyes shut to block out the delicious sight of her, but the scent of her drove him wild.
"Go," he ground out harshly, trying to ignore his tight heavy shaft pulsing with need. "Go now, before I can no longer resist the lure of your sweet body and take what it is you seek to deny me."
Only when he could no longer hear the crunch of leaves beneath her feet did his hand grip his shaft, jerking on its straining length until climax shook his arching body, his seed coating the earth at his feet.
Lukas shuddered in his hand, his thoughts full of the wanton innocent he had let escape him.
He knew then that he would stop at nothing to have her. He had turned a blind eye to his brother's ways, feeling guilt over being the first born, inheriting their fathers' estates and titles, and his brother nothing. Yet he would not allow his brother this.
***
Let me know if you want to see this story continued or not.
And a big thanks to Cantdog and Marsipanne for all your help.
Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.
"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head. "Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.
She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.
"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."
"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"
"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.
"But…"
"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."
"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"
Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."
"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.
Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."
The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?
Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill.
Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.
The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.
***
Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage. And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world.
She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.
Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.
As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features.
She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?
Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.
Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.
Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.
Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.
Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.
As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.
She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.
She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.
Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile
"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind.
The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."
With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.
"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.
She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands.
"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."
Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"
"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.
"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."
"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.
"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."
She nodded.
Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."
"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.
"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."
"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.
The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.
"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."
"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.
"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."
She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.
"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.
His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.
"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.
"I'm not sure how this-"
"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."
She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.
She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.
"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."
"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.
She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.
"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.
Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.
"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.
"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.
"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.
"Good, good. And this?"
His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.
She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.
"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.
"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.
He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.
"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"
He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."
"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools.
Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."
Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist.
He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.
Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.
"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that."
She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.
Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.
"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"
"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.
"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.
Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.
"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.
He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware. Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead.
Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.
She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.
"You felt my touch deep inside you?"
She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.
"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."
He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity.
The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.
In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.
***
A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.
The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.
It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior.
Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.
Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile. It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
Audrey was glad to finally collapse on her narrow pallet a small time later, worn from travelling and the strange events of that day. She curled up in a small ball, her thoughts a tired jumble.
It felt as though she had barely drifted off to sleep when she heard muffled noises coming from the hall. Turning onto her side, she pulled her pillow over her ears as she sought desperately to block out the sound and get back to sleep. The noises grew, and she lay wide-awake, agitated and flushed, feeling a yearning ache grow between her damp thighs.
Finally rolling off her pallet, she padded across the cold stone floor and drew back the curtain that afforded her cell a little privacy. The hallway was lit by the soft moon light filtering through the windows on the far end of the hall, almost full where it hung low in the dark cloudless sky. Her wide eyes latched instantly onto the source of the disturbance.
Tanned masculinity, naked and rippling, filled her vision. Strong muscular arms were planted on either side of a tiny nun pinned against the wall by his body, her gown bunched up around her waist as his hips bucked furiously against her. The woman gasped with each thrust as the man suckled at her neck, her fingers clawing at his broad back, her ankle hooked around his knee.
Audrey felt her nipples tighten and a low throb begin between her thighs. She stood motionless, her wide eyes taking in every thrusting motion of the firm cheeks. Slowly Audrey's eyes lifted to the woman's face, and moistened her lips. The nun's mouth hung open, her pretty features slack, her eyes squeezed shut.
As if of its own accord, Audrey's hand slid between her thighs, feeling the dampness soaking through her thin chemise.
"Oh, yes, yes," the woman cried.
The words seemed to break the spell that held Audrey entranced, and she stumbled blindly back into her cell on trembling legs. She crossed to her pallet and dragged her sheets over her, the image of the lovers' embrace burned in her memory. She lay gazing off into dark space for what seemed an eternity, her mouth dry, her heart racing. She imagined it was her being crushed against the wall by the stranger, her he was filling up as he bucked inside of her, her arms that clung to him as she threw her head back as she cried out her pleasure. Dear God, she thought, she must be cursed.
***
The peel of bells dragged Audrey from her uneasy slumber, and she lay blinking tiredly. The events of yesterday rushing back over her. The appearance of Beth urging her to wake telling her that it was time to bathe drove the last vestiges of sleep from her mind.
Audrey collected her small towel and soap and followed Beth's lead down the steps of the dormitory and along a small dirt path. Eventually the sound of rushing water greeted her ears, and she gave a gasp of delight as the green bushes parted to reveal a cascading waterfall spilling into a secluded rock pool, the crystal clear water sparkling in the early morning light.
Nuns bathed themselves, laughing and splashing each other, and Audrey blushed when she realised they were naked, the water glistening as it spilled over their bare shoulders and breasts.
She became aware of Beth undressing beside her, tugging her shift over her head and tossing it down on a patch of grass before splashing into the water. When Beth realised Audrey stood shyly by the bank, she turned and smiled warmly.
"Come Audrey, wear your shift if you like. Soon you will be used to our ways."
Audrey fingered her simple white shift with its thin straps that just reached her knees, before shrugging to herself and splashing into the water, soap in hand. It mattered little if it got wet, and she would feel better for its protective cover as she was too shy to strip naked before the other nuns.
The water was crisp and fresh, swirling around her ankles and knees as she slowly waded into its clear depths, feeling her way over the smooth pebble bottom. Soon it reached her waist, and she ducked beneath its surface before rising and sweeping her hair from her face with a gasp as her skin tingled from the coolness. Beth playfully splashed her, and Audrey splashed her back, unaware of how the thin material molded her gentle curves, or of the veiled gazes of the other nuns drawn to her young body. The delicious thrust of her tiny breasts with their hard rosy tips were clearly visible through the thin material, tantalising as they jiggled and swayed as she played with Beth.
Eventually she set about the business of bathing so that she would not be late for morning prayers, and she worked the soapsuds into her long, chestnut mane, beginning at the roots and slowly working down to the tips. She dunked beneath the surface, her fingers combing through the thick strands to release the suds to the water before rising for breath. She was squeezing the water from her mane, twisting it into a large coil over her shoulder, when she caught movement from the corner of her eye. Lifting her head, she gazed across the far bank curiously, her eyes sliding along the bushes until they came to an abrupt halt.
A tall man with hair like midnight caught back from a darkly tanned face as sinfully handsome as Lucifer gazed back at her. Her lips parted on a silent gasp, unable to move, unable to speak. Her wide eyes drunk in the full magnificence of him, clothed completely in black.
Her eyes moved over the supple leather tunic stretched across his broad shoulders and chest, down over the leather breaches that clung to his powerful thighs to rest on black leather boots, before sweeping back up to the masculine face watching her so intently. Her heart raced as she felt a strange heat wash over her, lingering between her thighs and making her breasts tingle. There was something strangely familiar about him, the line of his jaw, his brow, but her jumbled thoughts could make no sense of it as she returned his heated gaze.
She swallowed hard as she witnessed the silvery eyes drop to the creamy mounds with their hard tips thrusting against the clinging shift that left little to the imagination. He seemed unable to tear his gaze away from the sight of her breasts, rising and falling with her quickened breathing, the taut tips tightening impossibly harder beneath his molten gaze.
Some wicked part of her urged her to rise slowly from the water, to close the distance between them, and…
She moistened her suddenly dry lips as his eyes locked with hers, an insistent throbbing beginning between her thighs at the wicked images that crossed her mind. A blush crept over her cheeks and chest as she imagined him doing to her what she had witnessed in the hall the night before, his large body pinning hers, his shaft sliding up deep inside of her womanly heat as his mouth closed over her feverish flesh.
A seductive smile curved his lips, as though she had said her wicked thoughts aloud for everyone to hear, and horror washed over her at her wickedness. Her small hands rose to cup her breasts protectively as she swung away from him, presenting him with the curve of her back.
Beth stood but two arms length from her, but Audrey was unable to call out, to warn her of the danger. She was unable to stop herself from gazing over her shoulder, but even before her eyes had found the place where he had stood, she knew he had disappeared as the strange tension that had held her body in his thrall eased.
***
After the noon prayers Beth and Audrey slowly walked upstream from the waterfall, skirting and climbing over rocks, each carrying a woven basket as they searched for a hardy plant Mother Superior used in her poultices to reduce swelling.
Beth jumped across the stream at a narrow point to allow them to cover more ground, and Audrey seemed to fall further and further behind Beth as she took in the beauty around her. It was like they had passed into a different world, and she felt insignificant as she gazed up at the tall trees that seemed to reach to the heavens, streams of sunlight filtering through their leafy canopies.
She paused to tug up a plant nestled between rocks and deposited it in her basket, and as she was rising, she felt an overwhelming sense she was no longer alone. Dismissing it as wild imaginings, she nevertheless hastened her steps to catch up with Beth who had disappeared around a bend in the stream.
She had only taken two steps when she was dragged back up against a solid wall of muscle, a hand sliding over her mouth.
The basket fell to the ground from nerveless fingers as a large tanned hand splayed over the gentle swell of her belly, drawing her up even firmer against the solid warmth pressing against her back. She struggled wildly, her nails scraping the smooth skin of his forearm as she fought to free herself from his iron grip.
He muttered under his breath as he twisted her in his grip and forced her backwards until she felt the smooth bark of a tree pressing into her back. Her small hands pushed blindly against a broad chest as she sought to free herself, her hood askew.
"I mean you no harm," he murmured huskily, tugging back her skewed hood as his large body pinned her against the tree, crushing her soft breasts against his chest.
She stilled as her eyes locked with silvery ones, only to begin struggling anew as she felt a thigh pressing between hers, her eyes widening in shock as she felt the pressure against her secret place.
Slowly he removed his palm from her mouth, but before she could scream his lips covered hers firmly, silencing her protests. He tore the hood from her head and tossed it to the ground before his fingers tangled in her silky mane, tilting her face to his as his tongue glided along her lower lip before slipping into the moist depths of her mouth.
Audrey whimpered against his mouth as he deepened the kiss, knowing she should fight him but swiftly losing herself to the heady sensations flooding her. Her lashes fluttered close as he seduced her with drugging kisses, her small hands relaxing against his chest.
Slowly she softened against him as his mouth coaxed hers into soft submission, and the heat of him seemed to scorch her skin through her habit as held her prisoner against the tree, her body throbbing where his muscled thigh pressed against her softness.
She paid scant attention to the feel of his hands bunching in the material at her thighs, of the cool air wafting around her ankles and knees as she drowned in his kisses. She was breathless and needy, lost in the sensual heat he wove around them.
It was only as she felt the heated trail of his fingers up over her hips, dragging up her skirt with them, that some sense of reality began to intrude.
"No," she whispered as she tore her mouth from his, bruised and swollen from his forceful kisses. But he ignored her protest, his hands slipping up higher beneath her gown, up over her waist.
"I've thought of nothing but your delightful breasts since the moment I saw you standing in the stream, of how sweet they would feel filling my hands," he murmured huskily as he gazed down at her pink stained face.
She trembled as he gently cupped their small weight, moulding them in his warm hands, and her knees all but crumbled beneath the exquisite delicateness of his touch as his caresses gently teased her nipples into hard tips.
She was unable to gaze away from the molten silver eyes that seemed to touch some hidden part of her. "W-what is it you want from me?" she murmured breathlessly, feeling a shameful excitement overtake her as his fingers rolled and plucked the hard buds beneath her gown.
"I want to be inside you," he murmured, brushing his lips across hers as he pinched her nipples sending a quiver racing through her. She felt unable to control the wetness growing between her thighs as he played with her tender breasts. "To come into your slick heat, feeling it clenching around me as I move deep inside of you. And I know you want it too, little one."
She moaned softly as a hand slipped down over her belly to cup her mound, discovering her wetness. It was wrong, so wrong, she thought to herself as his fingers parted her lush pink lips to delve in her dewy folds. Yet it felt so right.
"No," she murmured unconvincingly as he gently stroked her. Her lashes fluttered close as a fire raged between her thighs, her hips arching against his hand, seeking, demanding.
"Your body can't lie, little one." His knee eased her quivering thighs further apart as his mouth pressed butterfly kisses over her cheeks and eyes.
Audrey shuddered against the body that held her pinned to the tree, feeling her body drown in sensations unlike anything that she had ever known as he worked his finger inside of her.
"No," she cried softly, pushing against his wide shoulders as his finger massaged the walls of her slick pussy as his thumb teased her nub.
"Open yourself to me. Let me into your soft heat," he murmured coaxingly as a finger slipped up inside of her.
"No, please, I-I can't… I'm soon to be a nun."
The gentle stroking of her lush pink flesh stilled. "You have never had a man?" he asked softly.
She turned her head, the silky curtain of her hair protecting her from his searching gaze. He caught her chin and gently forced her wide blue eyes to meet his.
The silence stretched out between them as she met his molten gaze, her lips softly parted.
"No." It was a breathless whisper, yet he heard it. He kissed her softly, tenderly.
His hand gave her one last possessive pat between her thighs before he reluctantly withdrew it from beneath her habit and smoothed the flowing material over her limbs.
"You body cries out for a man between your thighs. In time I will show you that your calling is not to God," he promised her huskily, gently tucking a chestnut strand behind the pink shell of her ear as he gazed down at her. "Tell me your name, little one."
She bit her bottom lip. If he went to Father Mathews to ask about her…
The corners of his lips curled at her silence.
"Ah, my beautiful dove will not tell me her name." A finger trailed down over the curve of her cheek to gently rub her soft lips. "I would know it for the pleasure it brings me as I dream of you, little one. But denying me will not prevent me from finding you again. And when I do, I will have you." His lips gently brushed hers. "But not here, like this, with your friend so close."
She trembled as he pressed one last kiss on her before striding away, and she leaned against to the tree, fearful her trembling legs would be unable to support her.
The word "Lukas " floated back to her, tormenting her.
***
Her first week at St Helen's passed relatively quickly, and Audrey was thankful of Beth's mischievous presence that smoothed out the transition. Audrey knew from her inquiring glances on the way back from to the hall that day that her sudden quietness had not gone unnoticed. She was thankful that Beth hadn't pried, for she did not know how to begin to explain Lukas.
Her face heated every time she thought of him and of what he had done to her, and she was still shaken by how shamefully little resistance she had offered.
She walked slowly to Father Mathew's chamber, apprehensive at having her weekly confession with the priest. Did she dare lie to him, or confess her wickedness? She had almost convinced herself that Lukas had been a figment of her imagination.
The door was open, and she hesitated in the doorway, her anxious blue eyes flicking over the golden head pored over a scroll.
Unbidden the image of Lukas came to mind… darkly intriguing. She could have moaned aloud at his ability to slip into her thoughts without warning.
Some noise must have given her away, for Father Mathews gazed up, pinning her with his dark grey eyes. Her wickedness must be plain to see as his eyes moved over her intently as he rose from behind his desk.
"Ah, Audrey. Come, close the door behind you."
She did as he bade and slowly moved further into the chamber, her heart picking up speed.
"You know what we must do at the beginning of each confession?" he queried, moving around to stand before his desk and folding his arms across his chest.
She shook her head in confusion, her wide eyes lifting to his.
"It would be remiss of me not to check your dedication, Audrey."
Her sweet face paled. Did he somehow suspect that she had allowed a stranger to touch her breasts and between her thighs?
"Come, stand on this footstool for me."
She followed his gaze to the large square footstool that rested in the centre of the room. Her wide blue eyes returned to his before darting away nervously.
Swallowing hard, she lifted her skirts with trembling fingers and gracefully climbed up onto the wooden surface to face the large oval windows through which the afternoon sunlight filtered. Her guilty mind never questioned his authority over her.
"Raise your habit," he ordered, and gave Audrey a stern look when she hesitated. "Do not make this more difficult than it needs to be, Audrey. Your old Mother Superior wrote good things about you, and it would dishearten her to learn differently."
Dropping her gaze, her fingers clasped her skirt and drew her habit to just below her knees.
"Higher."
Squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly exposed her trembling thighs to his intense gaze.
"Higher, Audrey. Do not make me ask you again."
She did as he ordered, tugging the skirt up to her waist and exposing the soft chestnut curls at the apex of her thighs, her head lowered.
"Shoulders back…feet touching the edges of the stool. That's it."
Audrey held herself still as hands circled her tiny waist before slipping down over her hips to gently caress her soft belly with his thumbs. She bit her lip, feeling strangely weak at his light caresses, her face stained pink. A moan escaped her as his hands moved around to cup her bottom, his strong fingers kneading the soft flesh as his warm breath stirred her curls.
She instinctively clenched her bottom together as Father Mathew spread her cheeks apart, and a shocked cry escaped her at the stinging slap he administered on her unprotected behind.
"Do not disobey me again, Audrey," he commanded softly.
She nodded quickly, biting her lip as a tremor raced through her.
He smoothed his hands up her inner thighs until they brushed against her lips. Her heart raced as he gently peeled them apart before his dark gaze, feeling faint and hot. Before she could think to protest, his leaned forward and his tongue darted out, tasting her soft pink flesh.
She gave a startled squeak, her fingers clenching in his blonde mane as she fought for balance. He lapped at her dewy folds, his tongue lazily circling her pulsing nub before gently sucking on her.
"F-Father…" she cried in bewilderment at the exquisite pleasure bursting between her thighs, her legs almost giving way beneath her.
Without warning he thrust a finger up inside of her, drawing a husky cry from her. She arched against his mouth as his finger worked up inside of her, stretching her around him.
"Please," she cried, drowning in the delicious sensations of his tongue stabbing her throbbing nub as his finger swirled inside of her. She was unable to prevent the soft moans escaping her as her young body opened to his caresses, feeling the moisture pool between her thighs. She shuddered against his mouth as her tight walls gripped the gently thrusting finger, her head thrown back. The tension between her thighs wound tighter and tighter, like a cord about to snap.
Her eyes widened in shock as she felt a finger pressing against the puckered entrance nestled between her cheeks.
"No!" she cried. She squirmed away from it, only to find herself impaled on a second finger as it thrust up inside her pussy. Her hips arched as he began to ease the fingers in and out of her as his tongue flicked at her nub, the threat forgotten.
When she felt a finger probing at her dark entrance, she struggled anew, almost stumbling from the stool, shocked at the intrusiveness of that determined invasion.
He withdrew from her, frowning as he gazed up at her. "You dare refuse your master?" he queried dangerously.
His hands spanned her tiny waist as he lifted her to the ground, and she tried to put some distance between them, but he caught her wrists, dragging her young body up against his.
She was unable to control her trembling as she met the dark grey eyes, knowing eventually that she would be unable to refuse him anything.
He was her Priest, her guide in all things, her connection to God. With every cell in her being she wanted to become a nun, and she would probably do everything he asked of her.
The thought of the dark stranger intruded her thoughts.
Mathew gazed down at her for what seemed an age, noting the dilated eyes, the flushed creamy skin, the unsteady rise and fall of her tiny breasts before he pushed her from him with a show of displeasure and turned his back to her.
"Leave me," he ordered. He heard her flee, and knew that had she remained he would have taken her maidenhead with one hard thrust as he bent her over his desk. She was damp and lush, not the dry heat of her first time when he had to coax her body into taking his fingers inside her tight pussy.
He had known then that she was an innocent even before he felt her maidenhead, yet it had given him immeasurable pleasure to torment her as he sought physical proof. He was intent on playing more games with his delightful young novice, seducing her into complete submission, molding her to his desires before he fucked her sweet pussy.
***
Audrey's chin rested on her hands as she gazed down at the courtyard from her tiny window, watching the play of shadows over the immaculate hedges and small stone statues. She felt restless, a strange ache filling her body as she was tormented by images of Lukas and Father Mathews. Her nipples felt tingly and tight, sensitive to the brush of her shift with her every movement, and she didn't need to touch herself to feel the dampness between her thighs.
She didn't know how long she sat gazing off into the darkness, her thoughts a confused jumble, when a slender figure darted across the courtyard, catching her eye. A blonde lock escaped the confines of a voluminous cloak.
Beth.
Audrey barely hesitated before gathering the soft folds of her dark cloak around her white shift and quietly slipping from her room. She didn't question why she was following the other novice, or where she could be going at this late hour as she silently padded down the stone steps and pushed at the wooden door. She desperately wanted someone to talk to, feeling overwhelmed in her small cell by thoughts of wickedness and depravity.
The night air was crisp and cool, and she pulled the cloak closer around her as she followed her friend. She hastened her steps as Beth darted off to the left, taking a worn path that weaved through a thicket of tall trees that lay on the eastern reaches of the convent grounds.
Audrey felt swallowed up in the darkness as she moved beneath the arch of overhanging branches. Soon Audrey stumbled onto the edges of a ring-shaped clearing, an altar-stone at its heart. Pagan markings etched into the smooth solid stone table glowed in the moonlight, sending a shiver of apprehension through her. She hesitated, pressing herself against smooth bark of a tree as she gazed upon Beth where she stood, her back to Audrey, not ten steps away.
Her lips parted in a silent gasp as the cloak fell from Beth's shoulders, revealing her voluptuous curves and full bottom to the cool night air, her smooth skin and long blonde hair glowing palely in the moonlight.
Shock held Audrey immobile as she gazed upon the novice, drinking in the sight of her uninhibited body. She didn't notice the man cross the clearing from the opposite direction until he came to stand before Beth. He made no move to touch her as his possessive gaze roved over her. He stood imposing, intimidating, like a god, black robes flowing over his broad shoulders.
Audrey watched from the side with wide eyes as Father Mathews grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her to the altar. He bent her over the edge of the table, her arms twisted behind her back and caught in one large palm as he kicked her ankles apart. Beth moaned as he stood behind her, grinding his pelvis against her bottom as he leaned over her to mutter something in her ear. He released his painful grip on her hair to slip it down between their bodies, dragging up his black robe before he gripped her hips with both hands.
Audrey's breath shuddered from her lungs as he surged against Beth, beginning to thrust against her with long, forceful strokes. Each murmur, each groan, each pounding thrust echoed through Audrey until she felt a hot, burning ache between her empty thighs.
Her eyes were drawn to where their bodies joined, her mouth dry as she gazed upon the thick glistening thick shaft sliding in and out of Beth's pussy as he pumped into her furiously from behind. Beth strained against him as he shoved himself into her without mercy, his hand sliding up over the curve of her back to tangle in her blonde mane and draw her head back as he bucked against her.
She gazed upon the scene before her, her lips parted, heart pounding, unable to tear her eyes away. She drank in the sight of Beth as she moaned in ecstasy as she writhed and shuddered on the thick shaft impaling her.
Audrey sensed a slight movement in the air around her, but before she could think to move, to react, a huge palm slid over her mouth, muffling her squeak of surprise as a solid wall of muscle pressed against her back.
"I've found you, my delightful little voyeur who refuses to tell me her name," he murmured, his breath stirring the tendrils at her temple. She was enveloped in his warm strength, his clean earthy scent filling her nostrils, and her lashes fluttered close. The breath caught in her throat as a hand delved beneath the folds of her cloak, sliding up over her ribcage.
A strange weakness flooded her as his hand closed over a soft mound with its taut tip. She arched against him as he rolled and pinched it between his long fingers through the thin cloth, feeling it harden impossibly further as she moaned against the hand covering her mouth.
"Are you wet, little one?"
She whimpered as his hand uncovered her mouth to trail down over her neck and the valley between her breasts, down over her belly to cup her mound through the thin cloth of her shift.
His fingers gently rubbed her dampness through the cloth, drawing soft moans from her as she softened against him. His masculine heat scorched her through the thin layers that separated them.
"Oh, yes," he groaned as he stroked her like a delicate harp. "Do you enjoy the sight of him pleasuring himself inside of her, wishing it was your pussy feeling a thick shaft sliding up inside its welcoming heat?"
Her lashes flickered open, her dark blue eyes drawn to the pagan altar, and the rutting couple upon it. She moaned in acquiescence as his mouth closed over the soft skin over her neck. His fingers tangled in the ribbon ties of her bodice, dragging the folds apart to expose the gentle swell of one creamy breast with its taut rosy tip to the cool midnight air.
Her eyes focused on the sight of Beth moving to kneel between Father Mathews's spread thighs where he lay on the long stone table. Her small hands gripped his shaft as her blonde head bobbed down on its imposing length with luscious enjoyment, her wide mouth working up and down on him.
"W-who are you?" Audrey whispered, a tremor racing through her as his fingers closed over her bare breast.
He caressed her tiny mound as she leaned against him for support, arrows of ecstasy shooting down to the place where his other hand was gently coaxing her yearning body into melting submission.
"Anything you want me to be," he breathed against her damp skin, sending a shiver racing through her.
Audrey quivered as she felt his fingers stroking between her thighs slid, down the length of it to curl around the hem of her shift. She was unable to take her eyes from the glorious sight of the wanton Beth moving to sit astride Father Mathew's hips and slowly sinking down until she rested fully on him.
The breath shuddered from Audrey's lungs as his palm slid up her inner thigh, teasing her soft quivering flesh until she ached to feel his caresses at the hot, melting core of her.
"Please, I want…"
Her legs almost gave way as fingers deftly parted her lush pink folds and slid along the dewy valley. She whimpered as he found the firm, pink nub nestled in the swollen, glistening flesh, coaxing soft cries from her as he tormented her with growing intensity.
She was unable to control the fire raging out of control between her thighs, licking at her melting flesh, consuming her innocent body until there was no thought of denying this man what he willed.
His hand on her breast and between her slippery thighs made her mindless with pleasure as she writhed on the fingers stroking her, her wide blue eyes fixed on the sight of Beth as she rode the man beneath her, her head flung back, her heavy breasts jiggling.
"Touch me." His warm breath tickled Audrey's ear as his fingers drew her small hand between their bodies to press against the thick hard pulsing length of him through his breeches.
Her fingers traced the hard ridge of him, sliding up to delicately explore the thick blunt velvet tip of him bursting over the top of his breeches, feeling the drop of moisture, smoothing it into his skin experimentally, before sliding back down the thick heavy shaft.
He groaned as her fingers closed firmly around him and boldly squeezed.
A whimper escaped her as his finger probed her dewy gate, slipping up inside her snug pussy.
"I need to be inside you, little one," he murmured huskily as his finger massaged her slick walls, and she arched against him as a thumb brushed over her nub.
"No," she protested weakly, a sense of reality came rushing back at what she was doing, of what she was allowing him to do as he pushed against her bottom. "I-I can't--"
He groaned as his fingers explored the thin stretch of skin deep in inside of her. "Do not deny me this, little one," he murmured against her ear as his hand guided his heavy shaft between her silky thighs. "Your body cries out for mine."
She moaned softly as she felt the glistening velvety tip of him sliding in her dewy folds, rubbing her nub, before moving down to probe her melting entrance.
"I can't," she cried tremulously, tears filling her eyes as her body ached for the feel of his thick shaft sliding up inside of her tight pussy. She squirmed deliciously against him as he prodded her slick entrance, her body's urges warring with her natural reserve. "I-I have to remain a virgin. I must become a nun."
"If there was a way, little one, to leave you maidenhead intact, would you let me come inside you?" His fingers gently stroked her pink nub until she was writhing on the blunt head of his shaft.
She was unable to take her eyes from the sight of Beth straddling Father Mathews, his hands on her drawing her down to him as his mouth latched onto a swaying breast.
She nodded bewilderedly, wanting to feel him between her thighs with every fiber of her being, but knowing it was impossible.
He saw her nod, and it was enough. He drove his hips forward with a triumphant groan.
She squeaked as she felt her innocent flesh forced to spread around the spearing head as he pushed against her, and she tried to shift her helpless body away from him, but his fingers splayed low over her belly, holding her firm as he slid deeper up inside of her.
"Relax, there will be no pain, I promise you."
Her small hands grasped the tree before her for support her. She had experienced anything as exquisite as the burning sensation of him sliding up inside of her tight pussy walls, forcing them to stretch around the huge thickness slowly filling her.
She whimpered as the head of his shaft came to press threateningly against the resistance of her maidenhead, and even as her body cried out to be filled by him, her mind fought for control. "No," she protested feebly, a tear sliding down her cheek as a shudder ran through her.
"Trust me, little one. Open to me."
He groaned against her ear as he slowly eased himself out of her before sliding back inside of her. His hands gripped her hips to prevent her writhing on him as he gently thrust into her with short, controlled strokes.
He kept his body under fierce control as her snug pussy squeezed the head of his shaft exquisitely as he gently rocked inside of her, careful not to breach the thin barrier that loomed against the head of his shaft with each stroke.
The sharp contrast of his head sheathed in her slick heat and the rest of his member experiencing the cool midnight air was almost unbearable. Every cell in his body urged him to drive himself into her to the hilt, tearing through her maidenhead, to possess her fully with his cock. He knew the wrath of his brother would be brutal if he discovered he had tasted her warm heat, yet he could not deny her effect on him. He was drawn to her unwillingly. He knew the twisted games his brother played with the nuns at the convent, and his chest tightened at the thought of her glorious innocence and breathtaking sensuality being corrupted by Mathew.
Audrey was powerless to fight the sensations he wrought in her as he forced his shaft into her slick tightness. She knew this was wicked, that she should stop him, but she was lost to the waves of sensation overwhelming her, sucking her into a spiralling darkness until she was incoherent of all thought. Her innocent body squirmed on the hard length of him, melting around the exquisite friction of him sliding up inside of her.
Her eyes were locked on the sight of Beth rolling beneath Father Mathews, his weight on his shoulders, his cheeks clenching as he worked himself between her splayed thighs.
"Don't…move," Lukas groaned against her ear as her delicious wiggling almost cracked his tight control. He stilled his thick length inside of her as his hand slid down over the gentle swell of her belly into the thatch of soft curls.
She moaned as his fingers found her, stroked and tormented her until she could fight the sensations no longer, waves of pleasure washing over her as she shuddered on the blunt head of his shaft. Her tight walls squeezed the tip of him as she clenched and unclenched around him as she pulsed with ecstasy, her head thrown back against his shoulder, her whole body arching as she exploded around him.
Her soft cries where like kisses to his ears as she climaxed sweetly around him, and it took all of his willpower not to ram into her like an animal, plowing her belly until he burst inside of her, filling her with his seed.
He drew out of her and stumbled back, taking deep laborious breaths as he fought for control. He squeezed his eyes shut to block out the delicious sight of her, but the scent of her drove him wild.
"Go," he ground out harshly, trying to ignore his tight heavy shaft pulsing with need. "Go now, before I can no longer resist the lure of your sweet body and take what it is you seek to deny me."
Only when he could no longer hear the crunch of leaves beneath her feet did his hand grip his shaft, jerking on its straining length until climax shook his arching body, his seed coating the earth at his feet.
Lukas shuddered in his hand, his thoughts full of the wanton innocent he had let escape him.
He knew then that he would stop at nothing to have her. He had turned a blind eye to his brother's ways, feeling guilt over being the first born, inheriting their fathers' estates and titles, and his brother nothing. Yet he would not allow his brother this.
***
Let me know if you want to see this story continued or not.
And a big thanks to Cantdog and Marsipanne for all your help.
Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.
"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head. "Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.
She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.
"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."
"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"
"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.
"But…"
"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."
"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"
Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."
"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.
Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."
The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?
Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill.
Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.
The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.
***
Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage. And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world.
She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.
Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.
As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features.
She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?
Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.
Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.
Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.
Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.
Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.
As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.
She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.
She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.
Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile
"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind.
The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."
With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.
"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.
She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands.
"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."
Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"
"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.
"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."
"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.
"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."
She nodded.
Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."
"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.
"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."
"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.
The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.
"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."
"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.
"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."
She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.
"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.
His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.
"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.
"I'm not sure how this-"
"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."
She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.
She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.
"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."
"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.
She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.
"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.
Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.
"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.
"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.
"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.
"Good, good. And this?"
His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.
She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.
"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.
"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.
He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.
"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"
He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."
"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools.
Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."
Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist.
He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.
Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.
"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that."
She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.
Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.
"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"
"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.
"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.
Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.
"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.
He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware. Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead.
Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.
She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.
"You felt my touch deep inside you?"
She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.
"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."
He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity.
The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.
In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.
***
A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.
The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.
It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior.
Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.
Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile. It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
Audrey was glad to finally collapse on her narrow pallet a small time later, worn from travelling and the strange events of that day. She curled up in a small ball, her thoughts a tired jumble.
It felt as though she had barely drifted off to sleep when she heard muffled noises coming from the hall. Turning onto her side, she pulled her pillow over her ears as she sought desperately to block out the sound and get back to sleep. The noises grew, and she lay wide-awake, agitated and flushed, feeling a yearning ache grow between her damp thighs.
Finally rolling off her pallet, she padded across the cold stone floor and drew back the curtain that afforded her cell a little privacy. The hallway was lit by the soft moon light filtering through the windows on the far end of the hall, almost full where it hung low in the dark cloudless sky. Her wide eyes latched instantly onto the source of the disturbance.
Tanned masculinity, naked and rippling, filled her vision. Strong muscular arms were planted on either side of a tiny nun pinned against the wall by his body, her gown bunched up around her waist as his hips bucked furiously against her. The woman gasped with each thrust as the man suckled at her neck, her fingers clawing at his broad back, her ankle hooked around his knee.
Audrey felt her nipples tighten and a low throb begin between her thighs. She stood motionless, her wide eyes taking in every thrusting motion of the firm cheeks. Slowly Audrey's eyes lifted to the woman's face, and moistened her lips. The nun's mouth hung open, her pretty features slack, her eyes squeezed shut.
As if of its own accord, Audrey's hand slid between her thighs, feeling the dampness soaking through her thin chemise.
"Oh, yes, yes," the woman cried.
The words seemed to break the spell that held Audrey entranced, and she stumbled blindly back into her cell on trembling legs. She crossed to her pallet and dragged her sheets over her, the image of the lovers' embrace burned in her memory. She lay gazing off into dark space for what seemed an eternity, her mouth dry, her heart racing. She imagined it was her being crushed against the wall by the stranger, her he was filling up as he bucked inside of her, her arms that clung to him as she threw her head back as she cried out her pleasure. Dear God, she thought, she must be cursed.
***
The peel of bells dragged Audrey from her uneasy slumber, and she lay blinking tiredly. The events of yesterday rushing back over her. The appearance of Beth urging her to wake telling her that it was time to bathe drove the last vestiges of sleep from her mind.
Audrey collected her small towel and soap and followed Beth's lead down the steps of the dormitory and along a small dirt path. Eventually the sound of rushing water greeted her ears, and she gave a gasp of delight as the green bushes parted to reveal a cascading waterfall spilling into a secluded rock pool, the crystal clear water sparkling in the early morning light.
Nuns bathed themselves, laughing and splashing each other, and Audrey blushed when she realised they were naked, the water glistening as it spilled over their bare shoulders and breasts.
She became aware of Beth undressing beside her, tugging her shift over her head and tossing it down on a patch of grass before splashing into the water. When Beth realised Audrey stood shyly by the bank, she turned and smiled warmly.
"Come Audrey, wear your shift if you like. Soon you will be used to our ways."
Audrey fingered her simple white shift with its thin straps that just reached her knees, before shrugging to herself and splashing into the water, soap in hand. It mattered little if it got wet, and she would feel better for its protective cover as she was too shy to strip naked before the other nuns.
The water was crisp and fresh, swirling around her ankles and knees as she slowly waded into its clear depths, feeling her way over the smooth pebble bottom. Soon it reached her waist, and she ducked beneath its surface before rising and sweeping her hair from her face with a gasp as her skin tingled from the coolness. Beth playfully splashed her, and Audrey splashed her back, unaware of how the thin material molded her gentle curves, or of the veiled gazes of the other nuns drawn to her young body. The delicious thrust of her tiny breasts with their hard rosy tips were clearly visible through the thin material, tantalising as they jiggled and swayed as she played with Beth.
Eventually she set about the business of bathing so that she would not be late for morning prayers, and she worked the soapsuds into her long, chestnut mane, beginning at the roots and slowly working down to the tips. She dunked beneath the surface, her fingers combing through the thick strands to release the suds to the water before rising for breath. She was squeezing the water from her mane, twisting it into a large coil over her shoulder, when she caught movement from the corner of her eye. Lifting her head, she gazed across the far bank curiously, her eyes sliding along the bushes until they came to an abrupt halt.
A tall man with hair like midnight caught back from a darkly tanned face as sinfully handsome as Lucifer gazed back at her. Her lips parted on a silent gasp, unable to move, unable to speak. Her wide eyes drunk in the full magnificence of him, clothed completely in black.
Her eyes moved over the supple leather tunic stretched across his broad shoulders and chest, down over the leather breaches that clung to his powerful thighs to rest on black leather boots, before sweeping back up to the masculine face watching her so intently. Her heart raced as she felt a strange heat wash over her, lingering between her thighs and making her breasts tingle. There was something strangely familiar about him, the line of his jaw, his brow, but her jumbled thoughts could make no sense of it as she returned his heated gaze.
She swallowed hard as she witnessed the silvery eyes drop to the creamy mounds with their hard tips thrusting against the clinging shift that left little to the imagination. He seemed unable to tear his gaze away from the sight of her breasts, rising and falling with her quickened breathing, the taut tips tightening impossibly harder beneath his molten gaze.
Some wicked part of her urged her to rise slowly from the water, to close the distance between them, and…
She moistened her suddenly dry lips as his eyes locked with hers, an insistent throbbing beginning between her thighs at the wicked images that crossed her mind. A blush crept over her cheeks and chest as she imagined him doing to her what she had witnessed in the hall the night before, his large body pinning hers, his shaft sliding up deep inside of her womanly heat as his mouth closed over her feverish flesh.
A seductive smile curved his lips, as though she had said her wicked thoughts aloud for everyone to hear, and horror washed over her at her wickedness. Her small hands rose to cup her breasts protectively as she swung away from him, presenting him with the curve of her back.
Beth stood but two arms length from her, but Audrey was unable to call out, to warn her of the danger. She was unable to stop herself from gazing over her shoulder, but even before her eyes had found the place where he had stood, she knew he had disappeared as the strange tension that had held her body in his thrall eased.
***
After the noon prayers Beth and Audrey slowly walked upstream from the waterfall, skirting and climbing over rocks, each carrying a woven basket as they searched for a hardy plant Mother Superior used in her poultices to reduce swelling.
Beth jumped across the stream at a narrow point to allow them to cover more ground, and Audrey seemed to fall further and further behind Beth as she took in the beauty around her. It was like they had passed into a different world, and she felt insignificant as she gazed up at the tall trees that seemed to reach to the heavens, streams of sunlight filtering through their leafy canopies.
She paused to tug up a plant nestled between rocks and deposited it in her basket, and as she was rising, she felt an overwhelming sense she was no longer alone. Dismissing it as wild imaginings, she nevertheless hastened her steps to catch up with Beth who had disappeared around a bend in the stream.
She had only taken two steps when she was dragged back up against a solid wall of muscle, a hand sliding over her mouth.
The basket fell to the ground from nerveless fingers as a large tanned hand splayed over the gentle swell of her belly, drawing her up even firmer against the solid warmth pressing against her back. She struggled wildly, her nails scraping the smooth skin of his forearm as she fought to free herself from his iron grip.
He muttered under his breath as he twisted her in his grip and forced her backwards until she felt the smooth bark of a tree pressing into her back. Her small hands pushed blindly against a broad chest as she sought to free herself, her hood askew.
"I mean you no harm," he murmured huskily, tugging back her skewed hood as his large body pinned her against the tree, crushing her soft breasts against his chest.
She stilled as her eyes locked with silvery ones, only to begin struggling anew as she felt a thigh pressing between hers, her eyes widening in shock as she felt the pressure against her secret place.
Slowly he removed his palm from her mouth, but before she could scream his lips covered hers firmly, silencing her protests. He tore the hood from her head and tossed it to the ground before his fingers tangled in her silky mane, tilting her face to his as his tongue glided along her lower lip before slipping into the moist depths of her mouth.
Audrey whimpered against his mouth as he deepened the kiss, knowing she should fight him but swiftly losing herself to the heady sensations flooding her. Her lashes fluttered close as he seduced her with drugging kisses, her small hands relaxing against his chest.
Slowly she softened against him as his mouth coaxed hers into soft submission, and the heat of him seemed to scorch her skin through her habit as held her prisoner against the tree, her body throbbing where his muscled thigh pressed against her softness.
She paid scant attention to the feel of his hands bunching in the material at her thighs, of the cool air wafting around her ankles and knees as she drowned in his kisses. She was breathless and needy, lost in the sensual heat he wove around them.
It was only as she felt the heated trail of his fingers up over her hips, dragging up her skirt with them, that some sense of reality began to intrude.
"No," she whispered as she tore her mouth from his, bruised and swollen from his forceful kisses. But he ignored her protest, his hands slipping up higher beneath her gown, up over her waist.
"I've thought of nothing but your delightful breasts since the moment I saw you standing in the stream, of how sweet they would feel filling my hands," he murmured huskily as he gazed down at her pink stained face.
She trembled as he gently cupped their small weight, moulding them in his warm hands, and her knees all but crumbled beneath the exquisite delicateness of his touch as his caresses gently teased her nipples into hard tips.
She was unable to gaze away from the molten silver eyes that seemed to touch some hidden part of her. "W-what is it you want from me?" she murmured breathlessly, feeling a shameful excitement overtake her as his fingers rolled and plucked the hard buds beneath her gown.
"I want to be inside you," he murmured, brushing his lips across hers as he pinched her nipples sending a quiver racing through her. She felt unable to control the wetness growing between her thighs as he played with her tender breasts. "To come into your slick heat, feeling it clenching around me as I move deep inside of you. And I know you want it too, little one."
She moaned softly as a hand slipped down over her belly to cup her mound, discovering her wetness. It was wrong, so wrong, she thought to herself as his fingers parted her lush pink lips to delve in her dewy folds. Yet it felt so right.
"No," she murmured unconvincingly as he gently stroked her. Her lashes fluttered close as a fire raged between her thighs, her hips arching against his hand, seeking, demanding.
"Your body can't lie, little one." His knee eased her quivering thighs further apart as his mouth pressed butterfly kisses over her cheeks and eyes.
Audrey shuddered against the body that held her pinned to the tree, feeling her body drown in sensations unlike anything that she had ever known as he worked his finger inside of her.
"No," she cried softly, pushing against his wide shoulders as his finger massaged the walls of her slick pussy as his thumb teased her nub.
"Open yourself to me. Let me into your soft heat," he murmured coaxingly as a finger slipped up inside of her.
"No, please, I-I can't… I'm soon to be a nun."
The gentle stroking of her lush pink flesh stilled. "You have never had a man?" he asked softly.
She turned her head, the silky curtain of her hair protecting her from his searching gaze. He caught her chin and gently forced her wide blue eyes to meet his.
The silence stretched out between them as she met his molten gaze, her lips softly parted.
"No." It was a breathless whisper, yet he heard it. He kissed her softly, tenderly.
His hand gave her one last possessive pat between her thighs before he reluctantly withdrew it from beneath her habit and smoothed the flowing material over her limbs.
"You body cries out for a man between your thighs. In time I will show you that your calling is not to God," he promised her huskily, gently tucking a chestnut strand behind the pink shell of her ear as he gazed down at her. "Tell me your name, little one."
She bit her bottom lip. If he went to Father Mathews to ask about her…
The corners of his lips curled at her silence.
"Ah, my beautiful dove will not tell me her name." A finger trailed down over the curve of her cheek to gently rub her soft lips. "I would know it for the pleasure it brings me as I dream of you, little one. But denying me will not prevent me from finding you again. And when I do, I will have you." His lips gently brushed hers. "But not here, like this, with your friend so close."
She trembled as he pressed one last kiss on her before striding away, and she leaned against to the tree, fearful her trembling legs would be unable to support her.
The word "Lukas " floated back to her, tormenting her.
***
Her first week at St Helen's passed relatively quickly, and Audrey was thankful of Beth's mischievous presence that smoothed out the transition. Audrey knew from her inquiring glances on the way back from to the hall that day that her sudden quietness had not gone unnoticed. She was thankful that Beth hadn't pried, for she did not know how to begin to explain Lukas.
Her face heated every time she thought of him and of what he had done to her, and she was still shaken by how shamefully little resistance she had offered.
She walked slowly to Father Mathew's chamber, apprehensive at having her weekly confession with the priest. Did she dare lie to him, or confess her wickedness? She had almost convinced herself that Lukas had been a figment of her imagination.
The door was open, and she hesitated in the doorway, her anxious blue eyes flicking over the golden head pored over a scroll.
Unbidden the image of Lukas came to mind… darkly intriguing. She could have moaned aloud at his ability to slip into her thoughts without warning.
Some noise must have given her away, for Father Mathews gazed up, pinning her with his dark grey eyes. Her wickedness must be plain to see as his eyes moved over her intently as he rose from behind his desk.
"Ah, Audrey. Come, close the door behind you."
She did as he bade and slowly moved further into the chamber, her heart picking up speed.
"You know what we must do at the beginning of each confession?" he queried, moving around to stand before his desk and folding his arms across his chest.
She shook her head in confusion, her wide eyes lifting to his.
"It would be remiss of me not to check your dedication, Audrey."
Her sweet face paled. Did he somehow suspect that she had allowed a stranger to touch her breasts and between her thighs?
"Come, stand on this footstool for me."
She followed his gaze to the large square footstool that rested in the centre of the room. Her wide blue eyes returned to his before darting away nervously.
Swallowing hard, she lifted her skirts with trembling fingers and gracefully climbed up onto the wooden surface to face the large oval windows through which the afternoon sunlight filtered. Her guilty mind never questioned his authority over her.
"Raise your habit," he ordered, and gave Audrey a stern look when she hesitated. "Do not make this more difficult than it needs to be, Audrey. Your old Mother Superior wrote good things about you, and it would dishearten her to learn differently."
Dropping her gaze, her fingers clasped her skirt and drew her habit to just below her knees.
"Higher."
Squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly exposed her trembling thighs to his intense gaze.
"Higher, Audrey. Do not make me ask you again."
She did as he ordered, tugging the skirt up to her waist and exposing the soft chestnut curls at the apex of her thighs, her head lowered.
"Shoulders back…feet touching the edges of the stool. That's it."
Audrey held herself still as hands circled her tiny waist before slipping down over her hips to gently caress her soft belly with his thumbs. She bit her lip, feeling strangely weak at his light caresses, her face stained pink. A moan escaped her as his hands moved around to cup her bottom, his strong fingers kneading the soft flesh as his warm breath stirred her curls.
She instinctively clenched her bottom together as Father Mathew spread her cheeks apart, and a shocked cry escaped her at the stinging slap he administered on her unprotected behind.
"Do not disobey me again, Audrey," he commanded softly.
She nodded quickly, biting her lip as a tremor raced through her.
He smoothed his hands up her inner thighs until they brushed against her lips. Her heart raced as he gently peeled them apart before his dark gaze, feeling faint and hot. Before she could think to protest, his leaned forward and his tongue darted out, tasting her soft pink flesh.
She gave a startled squeak, her fingers clenching in his blonde mane as she fought for balance. He lapped at her dewy folds, his tongue lazily circling her pulsing nub before gently sucking on her.
"F-Father…" she cried in bewilderment at the exquisite pleasure bursting between her thighs, her legs almost giving way beneath her.
Without warning he thrust a finger up inside of her, drawing a husky cry from her. She arched against his mouth as his finger worked up inside of her, stretching her around him.
"Please," she cried, drowning in the delicious sensations of his tongue stabbing her throbbing nub as his finger swirled inside of her. She was unable to prevent the soft moans escaping her as her young body opened to his caresses, feeling the moisture pool between her thighs. She shuddered against his mouth as her tight walls gripped the gently thrusting finger, her head thrown back. The tension between her thighs wound tighter and tighter, like a cord about to snap.
Her eyes widened in shock as she felt a finger pressing against the puckered entrance nestled between her cheeks.
"No!" she cried. She squirmed away from it, only to find herself impaled on a second finger as it thrust up inside her pussy. Her hips arched as he began to ease the fingers in and out of her as his tongue flicked at her nub, the threat forgotten.
When she felt a finger probing at her dark entrance, she struggled anew, almost stumbling from the stool, shocked at the intrusiveness of that determined invasion.
He withdrew from her, frowning as he gazed up at her. "You dare refuse your master?" he queried dangerously.
His hands spanned her tiny waist as he lifted her to the ground, and she tried to put some distance between them, but he caught her wrists, dragging her young body up against his.
She was unable to control her trembling as she met the dark grey eyes, knowing eventually that she would be unable to refuse him anything.
He was her Priest, her guide in all things, her connection to God. With every cell in her being she wanted to become a nun, and she would probably do everything he asked of her.
The thought of the dark stranger intruded her thoughts.
Mathew gazed down at her for what seemed an age, noting the dilated eyes, the flushed creamy skin, the unsteady rise and fall of her tiny breasts before he pushed her from him with a show of displeasure and turned his back to her.
"Leave me," he ordered. He heard her flee, and knew that had she remained he would have taken her maidenhead with one hard thrust as he bent her over his desk. She was damp and lush, not the dry heat of her first time when he had to coax her body into taking his fingers inside her tight pussy.
He had known then that she was an innocent even before he felt her maidenhead, yet it had given him immeasurable pleasure to torment her as he sought physical proof. He was intent on playing more games with his delightful young novice, seducing her into complete submission, molding her to his desires before he fucked her sweet pussy.
***
Audrey's chin rested on her hands as she gazed down at the courtyard from her tiny window, watching the play of shadows over the immaculate hedges and small stone statues. She felt restless, a strange ache filling her body as she was tormented by images of Lukas and Father Mathews. Her nipples felt tingly and tight, sensitive to the brush of her shift with her every movement, and she didn't need to touch herself to feel the dampness between her thighs.
She didn't know how long she sat gazing off into the darkness, her thoughts a confused jumble, when a slender figure darted across the courtyard, catching her eye. A blonde lock escaped the confines of a voluminous cloak.
Beth.
Audrey barely hesitated before gathering the soft folds of her dark cloak around her white shift and quietly slipping from her room. She didn't question why she was following the other novice, or where she could be going at this late hour as she silently padded down the stone steps and pushed at the wooden door. She desperately wanted someone to talk to, feeling overwhelmed in her small cell by thoughts of wickedness and depravity.
The night air was crisp and cool, and she pulled the cloak closer around her as she followed her friend. She hastened her steps as Beth darted off to the left, taking a worn path that weaved through a thicket of tall trees that lay on the eastern reaches of the convent grounds.
Audrey felt swallowed up in the darkness as she moved beneath the arch of overhanging branches. Soon Audrey stumbled onto the edges of a ring-shaped clearing, an altar-stone at its heart. Pagan markings etched into the smooth solid stone table glowed in the moonlight, sending a shiver of apprehension through her. She hesitated, pressing herself against smooth bark of a tree as she gazed upon Beth where she stood, her back to Audrey, not ten steps away.
Her lips parted in a silent gasp as the cloak fell from Beth's shoulders, revealing her voluptuous curves and full bottom to the cool night air, her smooth skin and long blonde hair glowing palely in the moonlight.
Shock held Audrey immobile as she gazed upon the novice, drinking in the sight of her uninhibited body. She didn't notice the man cross the clearing from the opposite direction until he came to stand before Beth. He made no move to touch her as his possessive gaze roved over her. He stood imposing, intimidating, like a god, black robes flowing over his broad shoulders.
Audrey watched from the side with wide eyes as Father Mathews grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her to the altar. He bent her over the edge of the table, her arms twisted behind her back and caught in one large palm as he kicked her ankles apart. Beth moaned as he stood behind her, grinding his pelvis against her bottom as he leaned over her to mutter something in her ear. He released his painful grip on her hair to slip it down between their bodies, dragging up his black robe before he gripped her hips with both hands.
Audrey's breath shuddered from her lungs as he surged against Beth, beginning to thrust against her with long, forceful strokes. Each murmur, each groan, each pounding thrust echoed through Audrey until she felt a hot, burning ache between her empty thighs.
Her eyes were drawn to where their bodies joined, her mouth dry as she gazed upon the thick glistening thick shaft sliding in and out of Beth's pussy as he pumped into her furiously from behind. Beth strained against him as he shoved himself into her without mercy, his hand sliding up over the curve of her back to tangle in her blonde mane and draw her head back as he bucked against her.
She gazed upon the scene before her, her lips parted, heart pounding, unable to tear her eyes away. She drank in the sight of Beth as she moaned in ecstasy as she writhed and shuddered on the thick shaft impaling her.
Audrey sensed a slight movement in the air around her, but before she could think to move, to react, a huge palm slid over her mouth, muffling her squeak of surprise as a solid wall of muscle pressed against her back.
"I've found you, my delightful little voyeur who refuses to tell me her name," he murmured, his breath stirring the tendrils at her temple. She was enveloped in his warm strength, his clean earthy scent filling her nostrils, and her lashes fluttered close. The breath caught in her throat as a hand delved beneath the folds of her cloak, sliding up over her ribcage.
A strange weakness flooded her as his hand closed over a soft mound with its taut tip. She arched against him as he rolled and pinched it between his long fingers through the thin cloth, feeling it harden impossibly further as she moaned against the hand covering her mouth.
"Are you wet, little one?"
She whimpered as his hand uncovered her mouth to trail down over her neck and the valley between her breasts, down over her belly to cup her mound through the thin cloth of her shift.
His fingers gently rubbed her dampness through the cloth, drawing soft moans from her as she softened against him. His masculine heat scorched her through the thin layers that separated them.
"Oh, yes," he groaned as he stroked her like a delicate harp. "Do you enjoy the sight of him pleasuring himself inside of her, wishing it was your pussy feeling a thick shaft sliding up inside its welcoming heat?"
Her lashes flickered open, her dark blue eyes drawn to the pagan altar, and the rutting couple upon it. She moaned in acquiescence as his mouth closed over the soft skin over her neck. His fingers tangled in the ribbon ties of her bodice, dragging the folds apart to expose the gentle swell of one creamy breast with its taut rosy tip to the cool midnight air.
Her eyes focused on the sight of Beth moving to kneel between Father Mathews's spread thighs where he lay on the long stone table. Her small hands gripped his shaft as her blonde head bobbed down on its imposing length with luscious enjoyment, her wide mouth working up and down on him.
"W-who are you?" Audrey whispered, a tremor racing through her as his fingers closed over her bare breast.
He caressed her tiny mound as she leaned against him for support, arrows of ecstasy shooting down to the place where his other hand was gently coaxing her yearning body into melting submission.
"Anything you want me to be," he breathed against her damp skin, sending a shiver racing through her.
Audrey quivered as she felt his fingers stroking between her thighs slid, down the length of it to curl around the hem of her shift. She was unable to take her eyes from the glorious sight of the wanton Beth moving to sit astride Father Mathew's hips and slowly sinking down until she rested fully on him.
The breath shuddered from Audrey's lungs as his palm slid up her inner thigh, teasing her soft quivering flesh until she ached to feel his caresses at the hot, melting core of her.
"Please, I want…"
Her legs almost gave way as fingers deftly parted her lush pink folds and slid along the dewy valley. She whimpered as he found the firm, pink nub nestled in the swollen, glistening flesh, coaxing soft cries from her as he tormented her with growing intensity.
She was unable to control the fire raging out of control between her thighs, licking at her melting flesh, consuming her innocent body until there was no thought of denying this man what he willed.
His hand on her breast and between her slippery thighs made her mindless with pleasure as she writhed on the fingers stroking her, her wide blue eyes fixed on the sight of Beth as she rode the man beneath her, her head flung back, her heavy breasts jiggling.
"Touch me." His warm breath tickled Audrey's ear as his fingers drew her small hand between their bodies to press against the thick hard pulsing length of him through his breeches.
Her fingers traced the hard ridge of him, sliding up to delicately explore the thick blunt velvet tip of him bursting over the top of his breeches, feeling the drop of moisture, smoothing it into his skin experimentally, before sliding back down the thick heavy shaft.
He groaned as her fingers closed firmly around him and boldly squeezed.
A whimper escaped her as his finger probed her dewy gate, slipping up inside her snug pussy.
"I need to be inside you, little one," he murmured huskily as his finger massaged her slick walls, and she arched against him as a thumb brushed over her nub.
"No," she protested weakly, a sense of reality came rushing back at what she was doing, of what she was allowing him to do as he pushed against her bottom. "I-I can't--"
He groaned as his fingers explored the thin stretch of skin deep in inside of her. "Do not deny me this, little one," he murmured against her ear as his hand guided his heavy shaft between her silky thighs. "Your body cries out for mine."
She moaned softly as she felt the glistening velvety tip of him sliding in her dewy folds, rubbing her nub, before moving down to probe her melting entrance.
"I can't," she cried tremulously, tears filling her eyes as her body ached for the feel of his thick shaft sliding up inside of her tight pussy. She squirmed deliciously against him as he prodded her slick entrance, her body's urges warring with her natural reserve. "I-I have to remain a virgin. I must become a nun."
"If there was a way, little one, to leave you maidenhead intact, would you let me come inside you?" His fingers gently stroked her pink nub until she was writhing on the blunt head of his shaft.
She was unable to take her eyes from the sight of Beth straddling Father Mathews, his hands on her drawing her down to him as his mouth latched onto a swaying breast.
She nodded bewilderedly, wanting to feel him between her thighs with every fiber of her being, but knowing it was impossible.
He saw her nod, and it was enough. He drove his hips forward with a triumphant groan.
She squeaked as she felt her innocent flesh forced to spread around the spearing head as he pushed against her, and she tried to shift her helpless body away from him, but his fingers splayed low over her belly, holding her firm as he slid deeper up inside of her.
"Relax, there will be no pain, I promise you."
Her small hands grasped the tree before her for support her. She had experienced anything as exquisite as the burning sensation of him sliding up inside of her tight pussy walls, forcing them to stretch around the huge thickness slowly filling her.
She whimpered as the head of his shaft came to press threateningly against the resistance of her maidenhead, and even as her body cried out to be filled by him, her mind fought for control. "No," she protested feebly, a tear sliding down her cheek as a shudder ran through her.
"Trust me, little one. Open to me."
He groaned against her ear as he slowly eased himself out of her before sliding back inside of her. His hands gripped her hips to prevent her writhing on him as he gently thrust into her with short, controlled strokes.
He kept his body under fierce control as her snug pussy squeezed the head of his shaft exquisitely as he gently rocked inside of her, careful not to breach the thin barrier that loomed against the head of his shaft with each stroke.
The sharp contrast of his head sheathed in her slick heat and the rest of his member experiencing the cool midnight air was almost unbearable. Every cell in his body urged him to drive himself into her to the hilt, tearing through her maidenhead, to possess her fully with his cock. He knew the wrath of his brother would be brutal if he discovered he had tasted her warm heat, yet he could not deny her effect on him. He was drawn to her unwillingly. He knew the twisted games his brother played with the nuns at the convent, and his chest tightened at the thought of her glorious innocence and breathtaking sensuality being corrupted by Mathew.
Audrey was powerless to fight the sensations he wrought in her as he forced his shaft into her slick tightness. She knew this was wicked, that she should stop him, but she was lost to the waves of sensation overwhelming her, sucking her into a spiralling darkness until she was incoherent of all thought. Her innocent body squirmed on the hard length of him, melting around the exquisite friction of him sliding up inside of her.
Her eyes were locked on the sight of Beth rolling beneath Father Mathews, his weight on his shoulders, his cheeks clenching as he worked himself between her splayed thighs.
"Don't…move," Lukas groaned against her ear as her delicious wiggling almost cracked his tight control. He stilled his thick length inside of her as his hand slid down over the gentle swell of her belly into the thatch of soft curls.
She moaned as his fingers found her, stroked and tormented her until she could fight the sensations no longer, waves of pleasure washing over her as she shuddered on the blunt head of his shaft. Her tight walls squeezed the tip of him as she clenched and unclenched around him as she pulsed with ecstasy, her head thrown back against his shoulder, her whole body arching as she exploded around him.
Her soft cries where like kisses to his ears as she climaxed sweetly around him, and it took all of his willpower not to ram into her like an animal, plowing her belly until he burst inside of her, filling her with his seed.
He drew out of her and stumbled back, taking deep laborious breaths as he fought for control. He squeezed his eyes shut to block out the delicious sight of her, but the scent of her drove him wild.
"Go," he ground out harshly, trying to ignore his tight heavy shaft pulsing with need. "Go now, before I can no longer resist the lure of your sweet body and take what it is you seek to deny me."
Only when he could no longer hear the crunch of leaves beneath her feet did his hand grip his shaft, jerking on its straining length until climax shook his arching body, his seed coating the earth at his feet.
Lukas shuddered in his hand, his thoughts full of the wanton innocent he had let escape him.
He knew then that he would stop at nothing to have her. He had turned a blind eye to his brother's ways, feeling guilt over being the first born, inheriting their fathers' estates and titles, and his brother nothing. Yet he would not allow his brother this.
***
Let me know if you want to see this story continued or not.
And a big thanks to Cantdog and Marsipanne for all your help.
Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.
"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head. "Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.
She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.
"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."
"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"
"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.
"But…"
"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."
"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"
Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."
"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.
Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."
The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?
Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill.
Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.
The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.
***
Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage. And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world.
She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.
Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.
As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features.
She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?
Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.
Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.
Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.
Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.
Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.
As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.
She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.
She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.
Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile
"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind.
The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."
With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.
"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.
She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands.
"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."
Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"
"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.
"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."
"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.
"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."
She nodded.
Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."
"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.
"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."
"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.
The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.
"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."
"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.
"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."
She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.
"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.
His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.
"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.
"I'm not sure how this-"
"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."
She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.
She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.
"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."
"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.
She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.
"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.
Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.
"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.
"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.
"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.
"Good, good. And this?"
His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.
She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.
"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.
"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.
He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.
"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"
He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."
"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools.
Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."
Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist.
He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.
Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.
"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that."
She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.
Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.
"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"
"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.
"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.
Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.
"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.
He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware. Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead.
Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.
She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.
"You felt my touch deep inside you?"
She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.
"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."
He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity.
The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.
In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.
***
A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.
The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.
It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior.
Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.
Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile. It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
Audrey was glad to finally collapse on her narrow pallet a small time later, worn from travelling and the strange events of that day. She curled up in a small ball, her thoughts a tired jumble.
It felt as though she had barely drifted off to sleep when she heard muffled noises coming from the hall. Turning onto her side, she pulled her pillow over her ears as she sought desperately to block out the sound and get back to sleep. The noises grew, and she lay wide-awake, agitated and flushed, feeling a yearning ache grow between her damp thighs.
Finally rolling off her pallet, she padded across the cold stone floor and drew back the curtain that afforded her cell a little privacy. The hallway was lit by the soft moon light filtering through the windows on the far end of the hall, almost full where it hung low in the dark cloudless sky. Her wide eyes latched instantly onto the source of the disturbance.
Tanned masculinity, naked and rippling, filled her vision. Strong muscular arms were planted on either side of a tiny nun pinned against the wall by his body, her gown bunched up around her waist as his hips bucked furiously against her. The woman gasped with each thrust as the man suckled at her neck, her fingers clawing at his broad back, her ankle hooked around his knee.
Audrey felt her nipples tighten and a low throb begin between her thighs. She stood motionless, her wide eyes taking in every thrusting motion of the firm cheeks. Slowly Audrey's eyes lifted to the woman's face, and moistened her lips. The nun's mouth hung open, her pretty features slack, her eyes squeezed shut.
As if of its own accord, Audrey's hand slid between her thighs, feeling the dampness soaking through her thin chemise.
"Oh, yes, yes," the woman cried.
The words seemed to break the spell that held Audrey entranced, and she stumbled blindly back into her cell on trembling legs. She crossed to her pallet and dragged her sheets over her, the image of the lovers' embrace burned in her memory. She lay gazing off into dark space for what seemed an eternity, her mouth dry, her heart racing. She imagined it was her being crushed against the wall by the stranger, her he was filling up as he bucked inside of her, her arms that clung to him as she threw her head back as she cried out her pleasure. Dear God, she thought, she must be cursed.
***
The peel of bells dragged Audrey from her uneasy slumber, and she lay blinking tiredly. The events of yesterday rushing back over her. The appearance of Beth urging her to wake telling her that it was time to bathe drove the last vestiges of sleep from her mind.
Audrey collected her small towel and soap and followed Beth's lead down the steps of the dormitory and along a small dirt path. Eventually the sound of rushing water greeted her ears, and she gave a gasp of delight as the green bushes parted to reveal a cascading waterfall spilling into a secluded rock pool, the crystal clear water sparkling in the early morning light.
Nuns bathed themselves, laughing and splashing each other, and Audrey blushed when she realised they were naked, the water glistening as it spilled over their bare shoulders and breasts.
She became aware of Beth undressing beside her, tugging her shift over her head and tossing it down on a patch of grass before splashing into the water. When Beth realised Audrey stood shyly by the bank, she turned and smiled warmly.
"Come Audrey, wear your shift if you like. Soon you will be used to our ways."
Audrey fingered her simple white shift with its thin straps that just reached her knees, before shrugging to herself and splashing into the water, soap in hand. It mattered little if it got wet, and she would feel better for its protective cover as she was too shy to strip naked before the other nuns.
The water was crisp and fresh, swirling around her ankles and knees as she slowly waded into its clear depths, feeling her way over the smooth pebble bottom. Soon it reached her waist, and she ducked beneath its surface before rising and sweeping her hair from her face with a gasp as her skin tingled from the coolness. Beth playfully splashed her, and Audrey splashed her back, unaware of how the thin material molded her gentle curves, or of the veiled gazes of the other nuns drawn to her young body. The delicious thrust of her tiny breasts with their hard rosy tips were clearly visible through the thin material, tantalising as they jiggled and swayed as she played with Beth.
Eventually she set about the business of bathing so that she would not be late for morning prayers, and she worked the soapsuds into her long, chestnut mane, beginning at the roots and slowly working down to the tips. She dunked beneath the surface, her fingers combing through the thick strands to release the suds to the water before rising for breath. She was squeezing the water from her mane, twisting it into a large coil over her shoulder, when she caught movement from the corner of her eye. Lifting her head, she gazed across the far bank curiously, her eyes sliding along the bushes until they came to an abrupt halt.
A tall man with hair like midnight caught back from a darkly tanned face as sinfully handsome as Lucifer gazed back at her. Her lips parted on a silent gasp, unable to move, unable to speak. Her wide eyes drunk in the full magnificence of him, clothed completely in black.
Her eyes moved over the supple leather tunic stretched across his broad shoulders and chest, down over the leather breaches that clung to his powerful thighs to rest on black leather boots, before sweeping back up to the masculine face watching her so intently. Her heart raced as she felt a strange heat wash over her, lingering between her thighs and making her breasts tingle. There was something strangely familiar about him, the line of his jaw, his brow, but her jumbled thoughts could make no sense of it as she returned his heated gaze.
She swallowed hard as she witnessed the silvery eyes drop to the creamy mounds with their hard tips thrusting against the clinging shift that left little to the imagination. He seemed unable to tear his gaze away from the sight of her breasts, rising and falling with her quickened breathing, the taut tips tightening impossibly harder beneath his molten gaze.
Some wicked part of her urged her to rise slowly from the water, to close the distance between them, and…
She moistened her suddenly dry lips as his eyes locked with hers, an insistent throbbing beginning between her thighs at the wicked images that crossed her mind. A blush crept over her cheeks and chest as she imagined him doing to her what she had witnessed in the hall the night before, his large body pinning hers, his shaft sliding up deep inside of her womanly heat as his mouth closed over her feverish flesh.
A seductive smile curved his lips, as though she had said her wicked thoughts aloud for everyone to hear, and horror washed over her at her wickedness. Her small hands rose to cup her breasts protectively as she swung away from him, presenting him with the curve of her back.
Beth stood but two arms length from her, but Audrey was unable to call out, to warn her of the danger. She was unable to stop herself from gazing over her shoulder, but even before her eyes had found the place where he had stood, she knew he had disappeared as the strange tension that had held her body in his thrall eased.
***
After the noon prayers Beth and Audrey slowly walked upstream from the waterfall, skirting and climbing over rocks, each carrying a woven basket as they searched for a hardy plant Mother Superior used in her poultices to reduce swelling.
Beth jumped across the stream at a narrow point to allow them to cover more ground, and Audrey seemed to fall further and further behind Beth as she took in the beauty around her. It was like they had passed into a different world, and she felt insignificant as she gazed up at the tall trees that seemed to reach to the heavens, streams of sunlight filtering through their leafy canopies.
She paused to tug up a plant nestled between rocks and deposited it in her basket, and as she was rising, she felt an overwhelming sense she was no longer alone. Dismissing it as wild imaginings, she nevertheless hastened her steps to catch up with Beth who had disappeared around a bend in the stream.
She had only taken two steps when she was dragged back up against a solid wall of muscle, a hand sliding over her mouth.
The basket fell to the ground from nerveless fingers as a large tanned hand splayed over the gentle swell of her belly, drawing her up even firmer against the solid warmth pressing against her back. She struggled wildly, her nails scraping the smooth skin of his forearm as she fought to free herself from his iron grip.
He muttered under his breath as he twisted her in his grip and forced her backwards until she felt the smooth bark of a tree pressing into her back. Her small hands pushed blindly against a broad chest as she sought to free herself, her hood askew.
"I mean you no harm," he murmured huskily, tugging back her skewed hood as his large body pinned her against the tree, crushing her soft breasts against his chest.
She stilled as her eyes locked with silvery ones, only to begin struggling anew as she felt a thigh pressing between hers, her eyes widening in shock as she felt the pressure against her secret place.
Slowly he removed his palm from her mouth, but before she could scream his lips covered hers firmly, silencing her protests. He tore the hood from her head and tossed it to the ground before his fingers tangled in her silky mane, tilting her face to his as his tongue glided along her lower lip before slipping into the moist depths of her mouth.
Audrey whimpered against his mouth as he deepened the kiss, knowing she should fight him but swiftly losing herself to the heady sensations flooding her. Her lashes fluttered close as he seduced her with drugging kisses, her small hands relaxing against his chest.
Slowly she softened against him as his mouth coaxed hers into soft submission, and the heat of him seemed to scorch her skin through her habit as held her prisoner against the tree, her body throbbing where his muscled thigh pressed against her softness.
She paid scant attention to the feel of his hands bunching in the material at her thighs, of the cool air wafting around her ankles and knees as she drowned in his kisses. She was breathless and needy, lost in the sensual heat he wove around them.
It was only as she felt the heated trail of his fingers up over her hips, dragging up her skirt with them, that some sense of reality began to intrude.
"No," she whispered as she tore her mouth from his, bruised and swollen from his forceful kisses. But he ignored her protest, his hands slipping up higher beneath her gown, up over her waist.
"I've thought of nothing but your delightful breasts since the moment I saw you standing in the stream, of how sweet they would feel filling my hands," he murmured huskily as he gazed down at her pink stained face.
She trembled as he gently cupped their small weight, moulding them in his warm hands, and her knees all but crumbled beneath the exquisite delicateness of his touch as his caresses gently teased her nipples into hard tips.
She was unable to gaze away from the molten silver eyes that seemed to touch some hidden part of her. "W-what is it you want from me?" she murmured breathlessly, feeling a shameful excitement overtake her as his fingers rolled and plucked the hard buds beneath her gown.
"I want to be inside you," he murmured, brushing his lips across hers as he pinched her nipples sending a quiver racing through her. She felt unable to control the wetness growing between her thighs as he played with her tender breasts. "To come into your slick heat, feeling it clenching around me as I move deep inside of you. And I know you want it too, little one."
She moaned softly as a hand slipped down over her belly to cup her mound, discovering her wetness. It was wrong, so wrong, she thought to herself as his fingers parted her lush pink lips to delve in her dewy folds. Yet it felt so right.
"No," she murmured unconvincingly as he gently stroked her. Her lashes fluttered close as a fire raged between her thighs, her hips arching against his hand, seeking, demanding.
"Your body can't lie, little one." His knee eased her quivering thighs further apart as his mouth pressed butterfly kisses over her cheeks and eyes.
Audrey shuddered against the body that held her pinned to the tree, feeling her body drown in sensations unlike anything that she had ever known as he worked his finger inside of her.
"No," she cried softly, pushing against his wide shoulders as his finger massaged the walls of her slick pussy as his thumb teased her nub.
"Open yourself to me. Let me into your soft heat," he murmured coaxingly as a finger slipped up inside of her.
"No, please, I-I can't… I'm soon to be a nun."
The gentle stroking of her lush pink flesh stilled. "You have never had a man?" he asked softly.
She turned her head, the silky curtain of her hair protecting her from his searching gaze. He caught her chin and gently forced her wide blue eyes to meet his.
The silence stretched out between them as she met his molten gaze, her lips softly parted.
"No." It was a breathless whisper, yet he heard it. He kissed her softly, tenderly.
His hand gave her one last possessive pat between her thighs before he reluctantly withdrew it from beneath her habit and smoothed the flowing material over her limbs.
"You body cries out for a man between your thighs. In time I will show you that your calling is not to God," he promised her huskily, gently tucking a chestnut strand behind the pink shell of her ear as he gazed down at her. "Tell me your name, little one."
She bit her bottom lip. If he went to Father Mathews to ask about her…
The corners of his lips curled at her silence.
"Ah, my beautiful dove will not tell me her name." A finger trailed down over the curve of her cheek to gently rub her soft lips. "I would know it for the pleasure it brings me as I dream of you, little one. But denying me will not prevent me from finding you again. And when I do, I will have you." His lips gently brushed hers. "But not here, like this, with your friend so close."
She trembled as he pressed one last kiss on her before striding away, and she leaned against to the tree, fearful her trembling legs would be unable to support her.
The word "Lukas " floated back to her, tormenting her.
***
Her first week at St Helen's passed relatively quickly, and Audrey was thankful of Beth's mischievous presence that smoothed out the transition. Audrey knew from her inquiring glances on the way back from to the hall that day that her sudden quietness had not gone unnoticed. She was thankful that Beth hadn't pried, for she did not know how to begin to explain Lukas.
Her face heated every time she thought of him and of what he had done to her, and she was still shaken by how shamefully little resistance she had offered.
She walked slowly to Father Mathew's chamber, apprehensive at having her weekly confession with the priest. Did she dare lie to him, or confess her wickedness? She had almost convinced herself that Lukas had been a figment of her imagination.
The door was open, and she hesitated in the doorway, her anxious blue eyes flicking over the golden head pored over a scroll.
Unbidden the image of Lukas came to mind… darkly intriguing. She could have moaned aloud at his ability to slip into her thoughts without warning.
Some noise must have given her away, for Father Mathews gazed up, pinning her with his dark grey eyes. Her wickedness must be plain to see as his eyes moved over her intently as he rose from behind his desk.
"Ah, Audrey. Come, close the door behind you."
She did as he bade and slowly moved further into the chamber, her heart picking up speed.
"You know what we must do at the beginning of each confession?" he queried, moving around to stand before his desk and folding his arms across his chest.
She shook her head in confusion, her wide eyes lifting to his.
"It would be remiss of me not to check your dedication, Audrey."
Her sweet face paled. Did he somehow suspect that she had allowed a stranger to touch her breasts and between her thighs?
"Come, stand on this footstool for me."
She followed his gaze to the large square footstool that rested in the centre of the room. Her wide blue eyes returned to his before darting away nervously.
Swallowing hard, she lifted her skirts with trembling fingers and gracefully climbed up onto the wooden surface to face the large oval windows through which the afternoon sunlight filtered. Her guilty mind never questioned his authority over her.
"Raise your habit," he ordered, and gave Audrey a stern look when she hesitated. "Do not make this more difficult than it needs to be, Audrey. Your old Mother Superior wrote good things about you, and it would dishearten her to learn differently."
Dropping her gaze, her fingers clasped her skirt and drew her habit to just below her knees.
"Higher."
Squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly exposed her trembling thighs to his intense gaze.
"Higher, Audrey. Do not make me ask you again."
She did as he ordered, tugging the skirt up to her waist and exposing the soft chestnut curls at the apex of her thighs, her head lowered.
"Shoulders back…feet touching the edges of the stool. That's it."
Audrey held herself still as hands circled her tiny waist before slipping down over her hips to gently caress her soft belly with his thumbs. She bit her lip, feeling strangely weak at his light caresses, her face stained pink. A moan escaped her as his hands moved around to cup her bottom, his strong fingers kneading the soft flesh as his warm breath stirred her curls.
She instinctively clenched her bottom together as Father Mathew spread her cheeks apart, and a shocked cry escaped her at the stinging slap he administered on her unprotected behind.
"Do not disobey me again, Audrey," he commanded softly.
She nodded quickly, biting her lip as a tremor raced through her.
He smoothed his hands up her inner thighs until they brushed against her lips. Her heart raced as he gently peeled them apart before his dark gaze, feeling faint and hot. Before she could think to protest, his leaned forward and his tongue darted out, tasting her soft pink flesh.
She gave a startled squeak, her fingers clenching in his blonde mane as she fought for balance. He lapped at her dewy folds, his tongue lazily circling her pulsing nub before gently sucking on her.
"F-Father…" she cried in bewilderment at the exquisite pleasure bursting between her thighs, her legs almost giving way beneath her.
Without warning he thrust a finger up inside of her, drawing a husky cry from her. She arched against his mouth as his finger worked up inside of her, stretching her around him.
"Please," she cried, drowning in the delicious sensations of his tongue stabbing her throbbing nub as his finger swirled inside of her. She was unable to prevent the soft moans escaping her as her young body opened to his caresses, feeling the moisture pool between her thighs. She shuddered against his mouth as her tight walls gripped the gently thrusting finger, her head thrown back. The tension between her thighs wound tighter and tighter, like a cord about to snap.
Her eyes widened in shock as she felt a finger pressing against the puckered entrance nestled between her cheeks.
"No!" she cried. She squirmed away from it, only to find herself impaled on a second finger as it thrust up inside her pussy. Her hips arched as he began to ease the fingers in and out of her as his tongue flicked at her nub, the threat forgotten.
When she felt a finger probing at her dark entrance, she struggled anew, almost stumbling from the stool, shocked at the intrusiveness of that determined invasion.
He withdrew from her, frowning as he gazed up at her. "You dare refuse your master?" he queried dangerously.
His hands spanned her tiny waist as he lifted her to the ground, and she tried to put some distance between them, but he caught her wrists, dragging her young body up against his.
She was unable to control her trembling as she met the dark grey eyes, knowing eventually that she would be unable to refuse him anything.
He was her Priest, her guide in all things, her connection to God. With every cell in her being she wanted to become a nun, and she would probably do everything he asked of her.
The thought of the dark stranger intruded her thoughts.
Mathew gazed down at her for what seemed an age, noting the dilated eyes, the flushed creamy skin, the unsteady rise and fall of her tiny breasts before he pushed her from him with a show of displeasure and turned his back to her.
"Leave me," he ordered. He heard her flee, and knew that had she remained he would have taken her maidenhead with one hard thrust as he bent her over his desk. She was damp and lush, not the dry heat of her first time when he had to coax her body into taking his fingers inside her tight pussy.
He had known then that she was an innocent even before he felt her maidenhead, yet it had given him immeasurable pleasure to torment her as he sought physical proof. He was intent on playing more games with his delightful young novice, seducing her into complete submission, molding her to his desires before he fucked her sweet pussy.
***
Audrey's chin rested on her hands as she gazed down at the courtyard from her tiny window, watching the play of shadows over the immaculate hedges and small stone statues. She felt restless, a strange ache filling her body as she was tormented by images of Lukas and Father Mathews. Her nipples felt tingly and tight, sensitive to the brush of her shift with her every movement, and she didn't need to touch herself to feel the dampness between her thighs.
She didn't know how long she sat gazing off into the darkness, her thoughts a confused jumble, when a slender figure darted across the courtyard, catching her eye. A blonde lock escaped the confines of a voluminous cloak.
Beth.
Audrey barely hesitated before gathering the soft folds of her dark cloak around her white shift and quietly slipping from her room. She didn't question why she was following the other novice, or where she could be going at this late hour as she silently padded down the stone steps and pushed at the wooden door. She desperately wanted someone to talk to, feeling overwhelmed in her small cell by thoughts of wickedness and depravity.
The night air was crisp and cool, and she pulled the cloak closer around her as she followed her friend. She hastened her steps as Beth darted off to the left, taking a worn path that weaved through a thicket of tall trees that lay on the eastern reaches of the convent grounds.
Audrey felt swallowed up in the darkness as she moved beneath the arch of overhanging branches. Soon Audrey stumbled onto the edges of a ring-shaped clearing, an altar-stone at its heart. Pagan markings etched into the smooth solid stone table glowed in the moonlight, sending a shiver of apprehension through her. She hesitated, pressing herself against smooth bark of a tree as she gazed upon Beth where she stood, her back to Audrey, not ten steps away.
Her lips parted in a silent gasp as the cloak fell from Beth's shoulders, revealing her voluptuous curves and full bottom to the cool night air, her smooth skin and long blonde hair glowing palely in the moonlight.
Shock held Audrey immobile as she gazed upon the novice, drinking in the sight of her uninhibited body. She didn't notice the man cross the clearing from the opposite direction until he came to stand before Beth. He made no move to touch her as his possessive gaze roved over her. He stood imposing, intimidating, like a god, black robes flowing over his broad shoulders.
Audrey watched from the side with wide eyes as Father Mathews grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her to the altar. He bent her over the edge of the table, her arms twisted behind her back and caught in one large palm as he kicked her ankles apart. Beth moaned as he stood behind her, grinding his pelvis against her bottom as he leaned over her to mutter something in her ear. He released his painful grip on her hair to slip it down between their bodies, dragging up his black robe before he gripped her hips with both hands.
Audrey's breath shuddered from her lungs as he surged against Beth, beginning to thrust against her with long, forceful strokes. Each murmur, each groan, each pounding thrust echoed through Audrey until she felt a hot, burning ache between her empty thighs.
Her eyes were drawn to where their bodies joined, her mouth dry as she gazed upon the thick glistening thick shaft sliding in and out of Beth's pussy as he pumped into her furiously from behind. Beth strained against him as he shoved himself into her without mercy, his hand sliding up over the curve of her back to tangle in her blonde mane and draw her head back as he bucked against her.
She gazed upon the scene before her, her lips parted, heart pounding, unable to tear her eyes away. She drank in the sight of Beth as she moaned in ecstasy as she writhed and shuddered on the thick shaft impaling her.
Audrey sensed a slight movement in the air around her, but before she could think to move, to react, a huge palm slid over her mouth, muffling her squeak of surprise as a solid wall of muscle pressed against her back.
"I've found you, my delightful little voyeur who refuses to tell me her name," he murmured, his breath stirring the tendrils at her temple. She was enveloped in his warm strength, his clean earthy scent filling her nostrils, and her lashes fluttered close. The breath caught in her throat as a hand delved beneath the folds of her cloak, sliding up over her ribcage.
A strange weakness flooded her as his hand closed over a soft mound with its taut tip. She arched against him as he rolled and pinched it between his long fingers through the thin cloth, feeling it harden impossibly further as she moaned against the hand covering her mouth.
"Are you wet, little one?"
She whimpered as his hand uncovered her mouth to trail down over her neck and the valley between her breasts, down over her belly to cup her mound through the thin cloth of her shift.
His fingers gently rubbed her dampness through the cloth, drawing soft moans from her as she softened against him. His masculine heat scorched her through the thin layers that separated them.
"Oh, yes," he groaned as he stroked her like a delicate harp. "Do you enjoy the sight of him pleasuring himself inside of her, wishing it was your pussy feeling a thick shaft sliding up inside its welcoming heat?"
Her lashes flickered open, her dark blue eyes drawn to the pagan altar, and the rutting couple upon it. She moaned in acquiescence as his mouth closed over the soft skin over her neck. His fingers tangled in the ribbon ties of her bodice, dragging the folds apart to expose the gentle swell of one creamy breast with its taut rosy tip to the cool midnight air.
Her eyes focused on the sight of Beth moving to kneel between Father Mathews's spread thighs where he lay on the long stone table. Her small hands gripped his shaft as her blonde head bobbed down on its imposing length with luscious enjoyment, her wide mouth working up and down on him.
"W-who are you?" Audrey whispered, a tremor racing through her as his fingers closed over her bare breast.
He caressed her tiny mound as she leaned against him for support, arrows of ecstasy shooting down to the place where his other hand was gently coaxing her yearning body into melting submission.
"Anything you want me to be," he breathed against her damp skin, sending a shiver racing through her.
Audrey quivered as she felt his fingers stroking between her thighs slid, down the length of it to curl around the hem of her shift. She was unable to take her eyes from the glorious sight of the wanton Beth moving to sit astride Father Mathew's hips and slowly sinking down until she rested fully on him.
The breath shuddered from Audrey's lungs as his palm slid up her inner thigh, teasing her soft quivering flesh until she ached to feel his caresses at the hot, melting core of her.
"Please, I want…"
Her legs almost gave way as fingers deftly parted her lush pink folds and slid along the dewy valley. She whimpered as he found the firm, pink nub nestled in the swollen, glistening flesh, coaxing soft cries from her as he tormented her with growing intensity.
She was unable to control the fire raging out of control between her thighs, licking at her melting flesh, consuming her innocent body until there was no thought of denying this man what he willed.
His hand on her breast and between her slippery thighs made her mindless with pleasure as she writhed on the fingers stroking her, her wide blue eyes fixed on the sight of Beth as she rode the man beneath her, her head flung back, her heavy breasts jiggling.
"Touch me." His warm breath tickled Audrey's ear as his fingers drew her small hand between their bodies to press against the thick hard pulsing length of him through his breeches.
Her fingers traced the hard ridge of him, sliding up to delicately explore the thick blunt velvet tip of him bursting over the top of his breeches, feeling the drop of moisture, smoothing it into his skin experimentally, before sliding back down the thick heavy shaft.
He groaned as her fingers closed firmly around him and boldly squeezed.
A whimper escaped her as his finger probed her dewy gate, slipping up inside her snug pussy.
"I need to be inside you, little one," he murmured huskily as his finger massaged her slick walls, and she arched against him as a thumb brushed over her nub.
"No," she protested weakly, a sense of reality came rushing back at what she was doing, of what she was allowing him to do as he pushed against her bottom. "I-I can't--"
He groaned as his fingers explored the thin stretch of skin deep in inside of her. "Do not deny me this, little one," he murmured against her ear as his hand guided his heavy shaft between her silky thighs. "Your body cries out for mine."
She moaned softly as she felt the glistening velvety tip of him sliding in her dewy folds, rubbing her nub, before moving down to probe her melting entrance.
"I can't," she cried tremulously, tears filling her eyes as her body ached for the feel of his thick shaft sliding up inside of her tight pussy. She squirmed deliciously against him as he prodded her slick entrance, her body's urges warring with her natural reserve. "I-I have to remain a virgin. I must become a nun."
"If there was a way, little one, to leave you maidenhead intact, would you let me come inside you?" His fingers gently stroked her pink nub until she was writhing on the blunt head of his shaft.
She was unable to take her eyes from the sight of Beth straddling Father Mathews, his hands on her drawing her down to him as his mouth latched onto a swaying breast.
She nodded bewilderedly, wanting to feel him between her thighs with every fiber of her being, but knowing it was impossible.
He saw her nod, and it was enough. He drove his hips forward with a triumphant groan.
She squeaked as she felt her innocent flesh forced to spread around the spearing head as he pushed against her, and she tried to shift her helpless body away from him, but his fingers splayed low over her belly, holding her firm as he slid deeper up inside of her.
"Relax, there will be no pain, I promise you."
Her small hands grasped the tree before her for support her. She had experienced anything as exquisite as the burning sensation of him sliding up inside of her tight pussy walls, forcing them to stretch around the huge thickness slowly filling her.
She whimpered as the head of his shaft came to press threateningly against the resistance of her maidenhead, and even as her body cried out to be filled by him, her mind fought for control. "No," she protested feebly, a tear sliding down her cheek as a shudder ran through her.
"Trust me, little one. Open to me."
He groaned against her ear as he slowly eased himself out of her before sliding back inside of her. His hands gripped her hips to prevent her writhing on him as he gently thrust into her with short, controlled strokes.
He kept his body under fierce control as her snug pussy squeezed the head of his shaft exquisitely as he gently rocked inside of her, careful not to breach the thin barrier that loomed against the head of his shaft with each stroke.
The sharp contrast of his head sheathed in her slick heat and the rest of his member experiencing the cool midnight air was almost unbearable. Every cell in his body urged him to drive himself into her to the hilt, tearing through her maidenhead, to possess her fully with his cock. He knew the wrath of his brother would be brutal if he discovered he had tasted her warm heat, yet he could not deny her effect on him. He was drawn to her unwillingly. He knew the twisted games his brother played with the nuns at the convent, and his chest tightened at the thought of her glorious innocence and breathtaking sensuality being corrupted by Mathew.
Audrey was powerless to fight the sensations he wrought in her as he forced his shaft into her slick tightness. She knew this was wicked, that she should stop him, but she was lost to the waves of sensation overwhelming her, sucking her into a spiralling darkness until she was incoherent of all thought. Her innocent body squirmed on the hard length of him, melting around the exquisite friction of him sliding up inside of her.
Her eyes were locked on the sight of Beth rolling beneath Father Mathews, his weight on his shoulders, his cheeks clenching as he worked himself between her splayed thighs.
"Don't…move," Lukas groaned against her ear as her delicious wiggling almost cracked his tight control. He stilled his thick length inside of her as his hand slid down over the gentle swell of her belly into the thatch of soft curls.
She moaned as his fingers found her, stroked and tormented her until she could fight the sensations no longer, waves of pleasure washing over her as she shuddered on the blunt head of his shaft. Her tight walls squeezed the tip of him as she clenched and unclenched around him as she pulsed with ecstasy, her head thrown back against his shoulder, her whole body arching as she exploded around him.
Her soft cries where like kisses to his ears as she climaxed sweetly around him, and it took all of his willpower not to ram into her like an animal, plowing her belly until he burst inside of her, filling her with his seed.
He drew out of her and stumbled back, taking deep laborious breaths as he fought for control. He squeezed his eyes shut to block out the delicious sight of her, but the scent of her drove him wild.
"Go," he ground out harshly, trying to ignore his tight heavy shaft pulsing with need. "Go now, before I can no longer resist the lure of your sweet body and take what it is you seek to deny me."
Only when he could no longer hear the crunch of leaves beneath her feet did his hand grip his shaft, jerking on its straining length until climax shook his arching body, his seed coating the earth at his feet.
Lukas shuddered in his hand, his thoughts full of the wanton innocent he had let escape him.
He knew then that he would stop at nothing to have her. He had turned a blind eye to his brother's ways, feeling guilt over being the first born, inheriting their fathers' estates and titles, and his brother nothing. Yet he would not allow his brother this.
***
Let me know if you want to see this story continued or not.
And a big thanks to Cantdog and Marsipanne for all your help.
Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.
"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head. "Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.
She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.
"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."
"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"
"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.
"But…"
"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."
"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"
Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."
"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.
Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."
The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?
Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill.
Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.
The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.
***
Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage. And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world.
She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.
Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.
As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features.
She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?
Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.
Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.
Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.
Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.
Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.
As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.
She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.
She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.
Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile
"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind.
The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."
With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.
"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.
She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands.
"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."
Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"
"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.
"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."
"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.
"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."
She nodded.
Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."
"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.
"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."
"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.
The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.
"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."
"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.
"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."
She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.
"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.
His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.
"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.
"I'm not sure how this-"
"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."
She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.
She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.
"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."
"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.
She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.
"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.
Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.
"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.
"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.
"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.
"Good, good. And this?"
His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.
She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.
"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.
"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.
He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.
"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"
He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."
"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools.
Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."
Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist.
He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.
Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.
"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that."
She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.
Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.
"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"
"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.
"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.
Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.
"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.
He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware. Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead.
Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.
She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.
"You felt my touch deep inside you?"
She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.
"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."
He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity.
The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.
In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.
***
A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.
The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.
It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior.
Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.
Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile. It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
Audrey was glad to finally collapse on her narrow pallet a small time later, worn from travelling and the strange events of that day. She curled up in a small ball, her thoughts a tired jumble.
It felt as though she had barely drifted off to sleep when she heard muffled noises coming from the hall. Turning onto her side, she pulled her pillow over her ears as she sought desperately to block out the sound and get back to sleep. The noises grew, and she lay wide-awake, agitated and flushed, feeling a yearning ache grow between her damp thighs.
Finally rolling off her pallet, she padded across the cold stone floor and drew back the curtain that afforded her cell a little privacy. The hallway was lit by the soft moon light filtering through the windows on the far end of the hall, almost full where it hung low in the dark cloudless sky. Her wide eyes latched instantly onto the source of the disturbance.
Tanned masculinity, naked and rippling, filled her vision. Strong muscular arms were planted on either side of a tiny nun pinned against the wall by his body, her gown bunched up around her waist as his hips bucked furiously against her. The woman gasped with each thrust as the man suckled at her neck, her fingers clawing at his broad back, her ankle hooked around his knee.
Audrey felt her nipples tighten and a low throb begin between her thighs. She stood motionless, her wide eyes taking in every thrusting motion of the firm cheeks. Slowly Audrey's eyes lifted to the woman's face, and moistened her lips. The nun's mouth hung open, her pretty features slack, her eyes squeezed shut.
As if of its own accord, Audrey's hand slid between her thighs, feeling the dampness soaking through her thin chemise.
"Oh, yes, yes," the woman cried.
The words seemed to break the spell that held Audrey entranced, and she stumbled blindly back into her cell on trembling legs. She crossed to her pallet and dragged her sheets over her, the image of the lovers' embrace burned in her memory. She lay gazing off into dark space for what seemed an eternity, her mouth dry, her heart racing. She imagined it was her being crushed against the wall by the stranger, her he was filling up as he bucked inside of her, her arms that clung to him as she threw her head back as she cried out her pleasure. Dear God, she thought, she must be cursed.
***
The peel of bells dragged Audrey from her uneasy slumber, and she lay blinking tiredly. The events of yesterday rushing back over her. The appearance of Beth urging her to wake telling her that it was time to bathe drove the last vestiges of sleep from her mind.
Audrey collected her small towel and soap and followed Beth's lead down the steps of the dormitory and along a small dirt path. Eventually the sound of rushing water greeted her ears, and she gave a gasp of delight as the green bushes parted to reveal a cascading waterfall spilling into a secluded rock pool, the crystal clear water sparkling in the early morning light.
Nuns bathed themselves, laughing and splashing each other, and Audrey blushed when she realised they were naked, the water glistening as it spilled over their bare shoulders and breasts.
She became aware of Beth undressing beside her, tugging her shift over her head and tossing it down on a patch of grass before splashing into the water. When Beth realised Audrey stood shyly by the bank, she turned and smiled warmly.
"Come Audrey, wear your shift if you like. Soon you will be used to our ways."
Audrey fingered her simple white shift with its thin straps that just reached her knees, before shrugging to herself and splashing into the water, soap in hand. It mattered little if it got wet, and she would feel better for its protective cover as she was too shy to strip naked before the other nuns.
The water was crisp and fresh, swirling around her ankles and knees as she slowly waded into its clear depths, feeling her way over the smooth pebble bottom. Soon it reached her waist, and she ducked beneath its surface before rising and sweeping her hair from her face with a gasp as her skin tingled from the coolness. Beth playfully splashed her, and Audrey splashed her back, unaware of how the thin material molded her gentle curves, or of the veiled gazes of the other nuns drawn to her young body. The delicious thrust of her tiny breasts with their hard rosy tips were clearly visible through the thin material, tantalising as they jiggled and swayed as she played with Beth.
Eventually she set about the business of bathing so that she would not be late for morning prayers, and she worked the soapsuds into her long, chestnut mane, beginning at the roots and slowly working down to the tips. She dunked beneath the surface, her fingers combing through the thick strands to release the suds to the water before rising for breath. She was squeezing the water from her mane, twisting it into a large coil over her shoulder, when she caught movement from the corner of her eye. Lifting her head, she gazed across the far bank curiously, her eyes sliding along the bushes until they came to an abrupt halt.
A tall man with hair like midnight caught back from a darkly tanned face as sinfully handsome as Lucifer gazed back at her. Her lips parted on a silent gasp, unable to move, unable to speak. Her wide eyes drunk in the full magnificence of him, clothed completely in black.
Her eyes moved over the supple leather tunic stretched across his broad shoulders and chest, down over the leather breaches that clung to his powerful thighs to rest on black leather boots, before sweeping back up to the masculine face watching her so intently. Her heart raced as she felt a strange heat wash over her, lingering between her thighs and making her breasts tingle. There was something strangely familiar about him, the line of his jaw, his brow, but her jumbled thoughts could make no sense of it as she returned his heated gaze.
She swallowed hard as she witnessed the silvery eyes drop to the creamy mounds with their hard tips thrusting against the clinging shift that left little to the imagination. He seemed unable to tear his gaze away from the sight of her breasts, rising and falling with her quickened breathing, the taut tips tightening impossibly harder beneath his molten gaze.
Some wicked part of her urged her to rise slowly from the water, to close the distance between them, and…
She moistened her suddenly dry lips as his eyes locked with hers, an insistent throbbing beginning between her thighs at the wicked images that crossed her mind. A blush crept over her cheeks and chest as she imagined him doing to her what she had witnessed in the hall the night before, his large body pinning hers, his shaft sliding up deep inside of her womanly heat as his mouth closed over her feverish flesh.
A seductive smile curved his lips, as though she had said her wicked thoughts aloud for everyone to hear, and horror washed over her at her wickedness. Her small hands rose to cup her breasts protectively as she swung away from him, presenting him with the curve of her back.
Beth stood but two arms length from her, but Audrey was unable to call out, to warn her of the danger. She was unable to stop herself from gazing over her shoulder, but even before her eyes had found the place where he had stood, she knew he had disappeared as the strange tension that had held her body in his thrall eased.
***
After the noon prayers Beth and Audrey slowly walked upstream from the waterfall, skirting and climbing over rocks, each carrying a woven basket as they searched for a hardy plant Mother Superior used in her poultices to reduce swelling.
Beth jumped across the stream at a narrow point to allow them to cover more ground, and Audrey seemed to fall further and further behind Beth as she took in the beauty around her. It was like they had passed into a different world, and she felt insignificant as she gazed up at the tall trees that seemed to reach to the heavens, streams of sunlight filtering through their leafy canopies.
She paused to tug up a plant nestled between rocks and deposited it in her basket, and as she was rising, she felt an overwhelming sense she was no longer alone. Dismissing it as wild imaginings, she nevertheless hastened her steps to catch up with Beth who had disappeared around a bend in the stream.
She had only taken two steps when she was dragged back up against a solid wall of muscle, a hand sliding over her mouth.
The basket fell to the ground from nerveless fingers as a large tanned hand splayed over the gentle swell of her belly, drawing her up even firmer against the solid warmth pressing against her back. She struggled wildly, her nails scraping the smooth skin of his forearm as she fought to free herself from his iron grip.
He muttered under his breath as he twisted her in his grip and forced her backwards until she felt the smooth bark of a tree pressing into her back. Her small hands pushed blindly against a broad chest as she sought to free herself, her hood askew.
"I mean you no harm," he murmured huskily, tugging back her skewed hood as his large body pinned her against the tree, crushing her soft breasts against his chest.
She stilled as her eyes locked with silvery ones, only to begin struggling anew as she felt a thigh pressing between hers, her eyes widening in shock as she felt the pressure against her secret place.
Slowly he removed his palm from her mouth, but before she could scream his lips covered hers firmly, silencing her protests. He tore the hood from her head and tossed it to the ground before his fingers tangled in her silky mane, tilting her face to his as his tongue glided along her lower lip before slipping into the moist depths of her mouth.
Audrey whimpered against his mouth as he deepened the kiss, knowing she should fight him but swiftly losing herself to the heady sensations flooding her. Her lashes fluttered close as he seduced her with drugging kisses, her small hands relaxing against his chest.
Slowly she softened against him as his mouth coaxed hers into soft submission, and the heat of him seemed to scorch her skin through her habit as held her prisoner against the tree, her body throbbing where his muscled thigh pressed against her softness.
She paid scant attention to the feel of his hands bunching in the material at her thighs, of the cool air wafting around her ankles and knees as she drowned in his kisses. She was breathless and needy, lost in the sensual heat he wove around them.
It was only as she felt the heated trail of his fingers up over her hips, dragging up her skirt with them, that some sense of reality began to intrude.
"No," she whispered as she tore her mouth from his, bruised and swollen from his forceful kisses. But he ignored her protest, his hands slipping up higher beneath her gown, up over her waist.
"I've thought of nothing but your delightful breasts since the moment I saw you standing in the stream, of how sweet they would feel filling my hands," he murmured huskily as he gazed down at her pink stained face.
She trembled as he gently cupped their small weight, moulding them in his warm hands, and her knees all but crumbled beneath the exquisite delicateness of his touch as his caresses gently teased her nipples into hard tips.
She was unable to gaze away from the molten silver eyes that seemed to touch some hidden part of her. "W-what is it you want from me?" she murmured breathlessly, feeling a shameful excitement overtake her as his fingers rolled and plucked the hard buds beneath her gown.
"I want to be inside you," he murmured, brushing his lips across hers as he pinched her nipples sending a quiver racing through her. She felt unable to control the wetness growing between her thighs as he played with her tender breasts. "To come into your slick heat, feeling it clenching around me as I move deep inside of you. And I know you want it too, little one."
She moaned softly as a hand slipped down over her belly to cup her mound, discovering her wetness. It was wrong, so wrong, she thought to herself as his fingers parted her lush pink lips to delve in her dewy folds. Yet it felt so right.
"No," she murmured unconvincingly as he gently stroked her. Her lashes fluttered close as a fire raged between her thighs, her hips arching against his hand, seeking, demanding.
"Your body can't lie, little one." His knee eased her quivering thighs further apart as his mouth pressed butterfly kisses over her cheeks and eyes.
Audrey shuddered against the body that held her pinned to the tree, feeling her body drown in sensations unlike anything that she had ever known as he worked his finger inside of her.
"No," she cried softly, pushing against his wide shoulders as his finger massaged the walls of her slick pussy as his thumb teased her nub.
"Open yourself to me. Let me into your soft heat," he murmured coaxingly as a finger slipped up inside of her.
"No, please, I-I can't… I'm soon to be a nun."
The gentle stroking of her lush pink flesh stilled. "You have never had a man?" he asked softly.
She turned her head, the silky curtain of her hair protecting her from his searching gaze. He caught her chin and gently forced her wide blue eyes to meet his.
The silence stretched out between them as she met his molten gaze, her lips softly parted.
"No." It was a breathless whisper, yet he heard it. He kissed her softly, tenderly.
His hand gave her one last possessive pat between her thighs before he reluctantly withdrew it from beneath her habit and smoothed the flowing material over her limbs.
"You body cries out for a man between your thighs. In time I will show you that your calling is not to God," he promised her huskily, gently tucking a chestnut strand behind the pink shell of her ear as he gazed down at her. "Tell me your name, little one."
She bit her bottom lip. If he went to Father Mathews to ask about her…
The corners of his lips curled at her silence.
"Ah, my beautiful dove will not tell me her name." A finger trailed down over the curve of her cheek to gently rub her soft lips. "I would know it for the pleasure it brings me as I dream of you, little one. But denying me will not prevent me from finding you again. And when I do, I will have you." His lips gently brushed hers. "But not here, like this, with your friend so close."
She trembled as he pressed one last kiss on her before striding away, and she leaned against to the tree, fearful her trembling legs would be unable to support her.
The word "Lukas " floated back to her, tormenting her.
***
Her first week at St Helen's passed relatively quickly, and Audrey was thankful of Beth's mischievous presence that smoothed out the transition. Audrey knew from her inquiring glances on the way back from to the hall that day that her sudden quietness had not gone unnoticed. She was thankful that Beth hadn't pried, for she did not know how to begin to explain Lukas.
Her face heated every time she thought of him and of what he had done to her, and she was still shaken by how shamefully little resistance she had offered.
She walked slowly to Father Mathew's chamber, apprehensive at having her weekly confession with the priest. Did she dare lie to him, or confess her wickedness? She had almost convinced herself that Lukas had been a figment of her imagination.
The door was open, and she hesitated in the doorway, her anxious blue eyes flicking over the golden head pored over a scroll.
Unbidden the image of Lukas came to mind… darkly intriguing. She could have moaned aloud at his ability to slip into her thoughts without warning.
Some noise must have given her away, for Father Mathews gazed up, pinning her with his dark grey eyes. Her wickedness must be plain to see as his eyes moved over her intently as he rose from behind his desk.
"Ah, Audrey. Come, close the door behind you."
She did as he bade and slowly moved further into the chamber, her heart picking up speed.
"You know what we must do at the beginning of each confession?" he queried, moving around to stand before his desk and folding his arms across his chest.
She shook her head in confusion, her wide eyes lifting to his.
"It would be remiss of me not to check your dedication, Audrey."
Her sweet face paled. Did he somehow suspect that she had allowed a stranger to touch her breasts and between her thighs?
"Come, stand on this footstool for me."
She followed his gaze to the large square footstool that rested in the centre of the room. Her wide blue eyes returned to his before darting away nervously.
Swallowing hard, she lifted her skirts with trembling fingers and gracefully climbed up onto the wooden surface to face the large oval windows through which the afternoon sunlight filtered. Her guilty mind never questioned his authority over her.
"Raise your habit," he ordered, and gave Audrey a stern look when she hesitated. "Do not make this more difficult than it needs to be, Audrey. Your old Mother Superior wrote good things about you, and it would dishearten her to learn differently."
Dropping her gaze, her fingers clasped her skirt and drew her habit to just below her knees.
"Higher."
Squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly exposed her trembling thighs to his intense gaze.
"Higher, Audrey. Do not make me ask you again."
She did as he ordered, tugging the skirt up to her waist and exposing the soft chestnut curls at the apex of her thighs, her head lowered.
"Shoulders back…feet touching the edges of the stool. That's it."
Audrey held herself still as hands circled her tiny waist before slipping down over her hips to gently caress her soft belly with his thumbs. She bit her lip, feeling strangely weak at his light caresses, her face stained pink. A moan escaped her as his hands moved around to cup her bottom, his strong fingers kneading the soft flesh as his warm breath stirred her curls.
She instinctively clenched her bottom together as Father Mathew spread her cheeks apart, and a shocked cry escaped her at the stinging slap he administered on her unprotected behind.
"Do not disobey me again, Audrey," he commanded softly.
She nodded quickly, biting her lip as a tremor raced through her.
He smoothed his hands up her inner thighs until they brushed against her lips. Her heart raced as he gently peeled them apart before his dark gaze, feeling faint and hot. Before she could think to protest, his leaned forward and his tongue darted out, tasting her soft pink flesh.
She gave a startled squeak, her fingers clenching in his blonde mane as she fought for balance. He lapped at her dewy folds, his tongue lazily circling her pulsing nub before gently sucking on her.
"F-Father…" she cried in bewilderment at the exquisite pleasure bursting between her thighs, her legs almost giving way beneath her.
Without warning he thrust a finger up inside of her, drawing a husky cry from her. She arched against his mouth as his finger worked up inside of her, stretching her around him.
"Please," she cried, drowning in the delicious sensations of his tongue stabbing her throbbing nub as his finger swirled inside of her. She was unable to prevent the soft moans escaping her as her young body opened to his caresses, feeling the moisture pool between her thighs. She shuddered against his mouth as her tight walls gripped the gently thrusting finger, her head thrown back. The tension between her thighs wound tighter and tighter, like a cord about to snap.
Her eyes widened in shock as she felt a finger pressing against the puckered entrance nestled between her cheeks.
"No!" she cried. She squirmed away from it, only to find herself impaled on a second finger as it thrust up inside her pussy. Her hips arched as he began to ease the fingers in and out of her as his tongue flicked at her nub, the threat forgotten.
When she felt a finger probing at her dark entrance, she struggled anew, almost stumbling from the stool, shocked at the intrusiveness of that determined invasion.
He withdrew from her, frowning as he gazed up at her. "You dare refuse your master?" he queried dangerously.
His hands spanned her tiny waist as he lifted her to the ground, and she tried to put some distance between them, but he caught her wrists, dragging her young body up against his.
She was unable to control her trembling as she met the dark grey eyes, knowing eventually that she would be unable to refuse him anything.
He was her Priest, her guide in all things, her connection to God. With every cell in her being she wanted to become a nun, and she would probably do everything he asked of her.
The thought of the dark stranger intruded her thoughts.
Mathew gazed down at her for what seemed an age, noting the dilated eyes, the flushed creamy skin, the unsteady rise and fall of her tiny breasts before he pushed her from him with a show of displeasure and turned his back to her.
"Leave me," he ordered. He heard her flee, and knew that had she remained he would have taken her maidenhead with one hard thrust as he bent her over his desk. She was damp and lush, not the dry heat of her first time when he had to coax her body into taking his fingers inside her tight pussy.
He had known then that she was an innocent even before he felt her maidenhead, yet it had given him immeasurable pleasure to torment her as he sought physical proof. He was intent on playing more games with his delightful young novice, seducing her into complete submission, molding her to his desires before he fucked her sweet pussy.
***
Audrey's chin rested on her hands as she gazed down at the courtyard from her tiny window, watching the play of shadows over the immaculate hedges and small stone statues. She felt restless, a strange ache filling her body as she was tormented by images of Lukas and Father Mathews. Her nipples felt tingly and tight, sensitive to the brush of her shift with her every movement, and she didn't need to touch herself to feel the dampness between her thighs.
She didn't know how long she sat gazing off into the darkness, her thoughts a confused jumble, when a slender figure darted across the courtyard, catching her eye. A blonde lock escaped the confines of a voluminous cloak.
Beth.
Audrey barely hesitated before gathering the soft folds of her dark cloak around her white shift and quietly slipping from her room. She didn't question why she was following the other novice, or where she could be going at this late hour as she silently padded down the stone steps and pushed at the wooden door. She desperately wanted someone to talk to, feeling overwhelmed in her small cell by thoughts of wickedness and depravity.
The night air was crisp and cool, and she pulled the cloak closer around her as she followed her friend. She hastened her steps as Beth darted off to the left, taking a worn path that weaved through a thicket of tall trees that lay on the eastern reaches of the convent grounds.
Audrey felt swallowed up in the darkness as she moved beneath the arch of overhanging branches. Soon Audrey stumbled onto the edges of a ring-shaped clearing, an altar-stone at its heart. Pagan markings etched into the smooth solid stone table glowed in the moonlight, sending a shiver of apprehension through her. She hesitated, pressing herself against smooth bark of a tree as she gazed upon Beth where she stood, her back to Audrey, not ten steps away.
Her lips parted in a silent gasp as the cloak fell from Beth's shoulders, revealing her voluptuous curves and full bottom to the cool night air, her smooth skin and long blonde hair glowing palely in the moonlight.
Shock held Audrey immobile as she gazed upon the novice, drinking in the sight of her uninhibited body. She didn't notice the man cross the clearing from the opposite direction until he came to stand before Beth. He made no move to touch her as his possessive gaze roved over her. He stood imposing, intimidating, like a god, black robes flowing over his broad shoulders.
Audrey watched from the side with wide eyes as Father Mathews grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her to the altar. He bent her over the edge of the table, her arms twisted behind her back and caught in one large palm as he kicked her ankles apart. Beth moaned as he stood behind her, grinding his pelvis against her bottom as he leaned over her to mutter something in her ear. He released his painful grip on her hair to slip it down between their bodies, dragging up his black robe before he gripped her hips with both hands.
Audrey's breath shuddered from her lungs as he surged against Beth, beginning to thrust against her with long, forceful strokes. Each murmur, each groan, each pounding thrust echoed through Audrey until she felt a hot, burning ache between her empty thighs.
Her eyes were drawn to where their bodies joined, her mouth dry as she gazed upon the thick glistening thick shaft sliding in and out of Beth's pussy as he pumped into her furiously from behind. Beth strained against him as he shoved himself into her without mercy, his hand sliding up over the curve of her back to tangle in her blonde mane and draw her head back as he bucked against her.
She gazed upon the scene before her, her lips parted, heart pounding, unable to tear her eyes away. She drank in the sight of Beth as she moaned in ecstasy as she writhed and shuddered on the thick shaft impaling her.
Audrey sensed a slight movement in the air around her, but before she could think to move, to react, a huge palm slid over her mouth, muffling her squeak of surprise as a solid wall of muscle pressed against her back.
"I've found you, my delightful little voyeur who refuses to tell me her name," he murmured, his breath stirring the tendrils at her temple. She was enveloped in his warm strength, his clean earthy scent filling her nostrils, and her lashes fluttered close. The breath caught in her throat as a hand delved beneath the folds of her cloak, sliding up over her ribcage.
A strange weakness flooded her as his hand closed over a soft mound with its taut tip. She arched against him as he rolled and pinched it between his long fingers through the thin cloth, feeling it harden impossibly further as she moaned against the hand covering her mouth.
"Are you wet, little one?"
She whimpered as his hand uncovered her mouth to trail down over her neck and the valley between her breasts, down over her belly to cup her mound through the thin cloth of her shift.
His fingers gently rubbed her dampness through the cloth, drawing soft moans from her as she softened against him. His masculine heat scorched her through the thin layers that separated them.
"Oh, yes," he groaned as he stroked her like a delicate harp. "Do you enjoy the sight of him pleasuring himself inside of her, wishing it was your pussy feeling a thick shaft sliding up inside its welcoming heat?"
Her lashes flickered open, her dark blue eyes drawn to the pagan altar, and the rutting couple upon it. She moaned in acquiescence as his mouth closed over the soft skin over her neck. His fingers tangled in the ribbon ties of her bodice, dragging the folds apart to expose the gentle swell of one creamy breast with its taut rosy tip to the cool midnight air.
Her eyes focused on the sight of Beth moving to kneel between Father Mathews's spread thighs where he lay on the long stone table. Her small hands gripped his shaft as her blonde head bobbed down on its imposing length with luscious enjoyment, her wide mouth working up and down on him.
"W-who are you?" Audrey whispered, a tremor racing through her as his fingers closed over her bare breast.
He caressed her tiny mound as she leaned against him for support, arrows of ecstasy shooting down to the place where his other hand was gently coaxing her yearning body into melting submission.
"Anything you want me to be," he breathed against her damp skin, sending a shiver racing through her.
Audrey quivered as she felt his fingers stroking between her thighs slid, down the length of it to curl around the hem of her shift. She was unable to take her eyes from the glorious sight of the wanton Beth moving to sit astride Father Mathew's hips and slowly sinking down until she rested fully on him.
The breath shuddered from Audrey's lungs as his palm slid up her inner thigh, teasing her soft quivering flesh until she ached to feel his caresses at the hot, melting core of her.
"Please, I want…"
Her legs almost gave way as fingers deftly parted her lush pink folds and slid along the dewy valley. She whimpered as he found the firm, pink nub nestled in the swollen, glistening flesh, coaxing soft cries from her as he tormented her with growing intensity.
She was unable to control the fire raging out of control between her thighs, licking at her melting flesh, consuming her innocent body until there was no thought of denying this man what he willed.
His hand on her breast and between her slippery thighs made her mindless with pleasure as she writhed on the fingers stroking her, her wide blue eyes fixed on the sight of Beth as she rode the man beneath her, her head flung back, her heavy breasts jiggling.
"Touch me." His warm breath tickled Audrey's ear as his fingers drew her small hand between their bodies to press against the thick hard pulsing length of him through his breeches.
Her fingers traced the hard ridge of him, sliding up to delicately explore the thick blunt velvet tip of him bursting over the top of his breeches, feeling the drop of moisture, smoothing it into his skin experimentally, before sliding back down the thick heavy shaft.
He groaned as her fingers closed firmly around him and boldly squeezed.
A whimper escaped her as his finger probed her dewy gate, slipping up inside her snug pussy.
"I need to be inside you, little one," he murmured huskily as his finger massaged her slick walls, and she arched against him as a thumb brushed over her nub.
"No," she protested weakly, a sense of reality came rushing back at what she was doing, of what she was allowing him to do as he pushed against her bottom. "I-I can't--"
He groaned as his fingers explored the thin stretch of skin deep in inside of her. "Do not deny me this, little one," he murmured against her ear as his hand guided his heavy shaft between her silky thighs. "Your body cries out for mine."
She moaned softly as she felt the glistening velvety tip of him sliding in her dewy folds, rubbing her nub, before moving down to probe her melting entrance.
"I can't," she cried tremulously, tears filling her eyes as her body ached for the feel of his thick shaft sliding up inside of her tight pussy. She squirmed deliciously against him as he prodded her slick entrance, her body's urges warring with her natural reserve. "I-I have to remain a virgin. I must become a nun."
"If there was a way, little one, to leave you maidenhead intact, would you let me come inside you?" His fingers gently stroked her pink nub until she was writhing on the blunt head of his shaft.
She was unable to take her eyes from the sight of Beth straddling Father Mathews, his hands on her drawing her down to him as his mouth latched onto a swaying breast.
She nodded bewilderedly, wanting to feel him between her thighs with every fiber of her being, but knowing it was impossible.
He saw her nod, and it was enough. He drove his hips forward with a triumphant groan.
She squeaked as she felt her innocent flesh forced to spread around the spearing head as he pushed against her, and she tried to shift her helpless body away from him, but his fingers splayed low over her belly, holding her firm as he slid deeper up inside of her.
"Relax, there will be no pain, I promise you."
Her small hands grasped the tree before her for support her. She had experienced anything as exquisite as the burning sensation of him sliding up inside of her tight pussy walls, forcing them to stretch around the huge thickness slowly filling her.
She whimpered as the head of his shaft came to press threateningly against the resistance of her maidenhead, and even as her body cried out to be filled by him, her mind fought for control. "No," she protested feebly, a tear sliding down her cheek as a shudder ran through her.
"Trust me, little one. Open to me."
He groaned against her ear as he slowly eased himself out of her before sliding back inside of her. His hands gripped her hips to prevent her writhing on him as he gently thrust into her with short, controlled strokes.
He kept his body under fierce control as her snug pussy squeezed the head of his shaft exquisitely as he gently rocked inside of her, careful not to breach the thin barrier that loomed against the head of his shaft with each stroke.
The sharp contrast of his head sheathed in her slick heat and the rest of his member experiencing the cool midnight air was almost unbearable. Every cell in his body urged him to drive himself into her to the hilt, tearing through her maidenhead, to possess her fully with his cock. He knew the wrath of his brother would be brutal if he discovered he had tasted her warm heat, yet he could not deny her effect on him. He was drawn to her unwillingly. He knew the twisted games his brother played with the nuns at the convent, and his chest tightened at the thought of her glorious innocence and breathtaking sensuality being corrupted by Mathew.
Audrey was powerless to fight the sensations he wrought in her as he forced his shaft into her slick tightness. She knew this was wicked, that she should stop him, but she was lost to the waves of sensation overwhelming her, sucking her into a spiralling darkness until she was incoherent of all thought. Her innocent body squirmed on the hard length of him, melting around the exquisite friction of him sliding up inside of her.
Her eyes were locked on the sight of Beth rolling beneath Father Mathews, his weight on his shoulders, his cheeks clenching as he worked himself between her splayed thighs.
"Don't…move," Lukas groaned against her ear as her delicious wiggling almost cracked his tight control. He stilled his thick length inside of her as his hand slid down over the gentle swell of her belly into the thatch of soft curls.
She moaned as his fingers found her, stroked and tormented her until she could fight the sensations no longer, waves of pleasure washing over her as she shuddered on the blunt head of his shaft. Her tight walls squeezed the tip of him as she clenched and unclenched around him as she pulsed with ecstasy, her head thrown back against his shoulder, her whole body arching as she exploded around him.
Her soft cries where like kisses to his ears as she climaxed sweetly around him, and it took all of his willpower not to ram into her like an animal, plowing her belly until he burst inside of her, filling her with his seed.
He drew out of her and stumbled back, taking deep laborious breaths as he fought for control. He squeezed his eyes shut to block out the delicious sight of her, but the scent of her drove him wild.
"Go," he ground out harshly, trying to ignore his tight heavy shaft pulsing with need. "Go now, before I can no longer resist the lure of your sweet body and take what it is you seek to deny me."
Only when he could no longer hear the crunch of leaves beneath her feet did his hand grip his shaft, jerking on its straining length until climax shook his arching body, his seed coating the earth at his feet.
Lukas shuddered in his hand, his thoughts full of the wanton innocent he had let escape him.
He knew then that he would stop at nothing to have her. He had turned a blind eye to his brother's ways, feeling guilt over being the first born, inheriting their fathers' estates and titles, and his brother nothing. Yet he would not allow his brother this.
***
Let me know if you want to see this story continued or not.
And a big thanks to Cantdog and Marsipanne for all your help.
