This was the first summer both my sister and I were going to be home from college. I was just over my sophomore year and sis was one year younger finishing her freshman year. The annual tradition was a summer vacation and because we were both home dad was going to resume the tradition.
"What's in the bag?"
"Nothin." She was hiding something.
"For the trip?"
"Maybe." Sara turned, holding the bag behind her back swinging herself back and forth.
"Dad told you where we're going didn't he?"
She smiled, "He might of."
"Tell me. Just tell me." And I turned from my books.
"Do the dishes."
"No." I threw myself back in my seat. "I can just wait for dad." She knew I did NOT want to wait.
"Ok then," shrugging her shoulders, holding her lower lip out, and she started to walk away.
"No. Wait!"
And she turned.
"What?"
"Do the dishes, and I'll do something else for you." She was being sweet and pouty, a great skill she had developed.
I just looked at her.
She continued in a sing song voice, "If I do it, you'll know where we are going."
"Ok. Ok. Dishes," I said.
And she ran out of the room.
I yelled after her. "You didn't tell me!"
All I heard was "WAIT!"
After about fifteen minutes, I had started reading my book again, She came back out.
"It's . . ." I stared at her, " . . . a bathing suit!" And she put her hands to her hips, turned to the side, head tilted so her hair hung over one shoulder, smiling at me.
"Ta Da!"
My twenty year old sister was modeling her new swim suit for me. It was very Red, and very very Small. There were just strings at the sides, little ties at each hip bone. The bottoms were the smallest little triangle, and when she turned, no more than an inch covering her backside. I could see the whole curve of her ass. I took in her narrow waist, the muscles of her shoulders, the curve of her hips, the flat of her tummy centered with a little tear drop navel, narrowing to a little space between her long legs. I loved the look of red against her soft white skin, her long dark hair tusseled and falling about her face, red lips, white teeth smiling at me. In that moment, that image of her was permanently etched in my brain.
When did she start looking so hot!
I sat up in my chair, staring. Oogling more like. I could not stop looking at her.
She smiled and faced me, then turning, looking over her shoulder trying to see her ass.
"Well??" Hands on her hips now.
"I like it."
"Does it look like it fits?"
"I like it," was all I could say.
She jumped a little. Excitedly. I could see her breasts tugging at the small fabric with each bounce, the soft swells of flesh at the edges. Her legs were apart, Shit I could see the mound of her pussy. I could see whispy hairs peeking from under her bottoms.
She looked down her front following my eyes and I saw her blush and pull her legs together quickly, and turn her hip to me.
"Sorry, I needed to shave." Turning from me now, but giving me a perfect view of her ass as she did. She looked back again, embarassment in her eyes, I could tell. But enjoying my reaction.
And then as suddenly as she arrived, ran out of the room yelling, "Dishes!"
"We're going to Florida," I yelled after her. "Where?"
"Daytona! And we're driving."
"Driving??"
I didn't hear that right.
********
How it ever happened is beyond me, a curiosity and compulsion that rocked my world. I do know where it started. That simple car trip, three weeks one summer my sister and I together with our parents on our first summer where we were both home after college. We'd never driven for a vacation before, and in the interest of saving money dad decided that we would 'hoof it.' We didn't object.
The plan was that at each hotel, we would reserve two rooms one with a double bed for mom and dad, and another with two double beds for sis and myself. I remember this seeming just a little weird but really it was no big deal, that wasn't it. Though, the first night had its moments since we watched TV on the one bed, Sara in her long T shirt and myself in a pair of boxers.
I asked, "Where's that bathing suit?"
She responded with her mouth full of food, "In my bag." She looked sideways at me and smiled, crinkling her nose at me.
"Have you tried it on, since . . ."
She finished my sentence, ". . .I showed you. No."
"Mmmm." I kept watching the TV. It felt just a little warm in there.
The evening of the second day driving we were somewhere in Missouri, an unbelievable hot muggy day, and we had to stop earlier than planned due to the car 'acting up' a little. The hotel had only one room, with two double beds. So this night it would be mom and dad in one bed, and sis and I in the other. The room was small, and there were four of us sweaty, red and hot.
The cars cooling system was not working properly so dad, in an effort to save the engine, not only had to turn off the air conditioning, but he had to blast the heat into the car. It was 100 degrees with the heater going. While we sat in the back seat sweating buckets, my sister and I were so uncomfortable we could barely stand it. Our legs were sticking to the seat. Whenever we stopped the air would still in the car, heat blasting us, it was suffocating. And I could smell Sara, her body's scent was sweet, better than I had ever remembered for whatever reason. I could feel myself getting slightly aroused even just from the smell of her. Like cinnamon dust, fleshy and earthy, wet, the occasional smell of sex.
I would look over at her shining neck and know that my finger could slide along its lubricated surface, down past her collar bone, drops of moisture running down into her top, between her breasts. She had a half top on, and I could see her shining stomach, wet with sweat, lines of sweat running into her tight faded jean shorts, buttons at the fly. No bra. Her face was flushed, lips swollen, red from the heat. She sat with one leg up, her knee sticking to the back of the seat. I would glance over looking at the crotch of her shorts. . .at her thighs, her shining legs . . . her bare feet, painted toes.
I'd close my eyes, slide myself away to the half open window, press my head to the glass. Let the air tossel my hair, feeling the beat of my heart.
The 'thing' happened that day.
***************
Because of the car, we did not reach our destination, had to stop, still 400 miles short that day, and arrived at a hotel for which we had no reservation. This was great, just great. We had passed two other hotels because they were full. When dad came out, he was smiling.
"Good News! They have a room, but just one. It has two double beds. Looks like you two need to share."
"No big deal." I shrugged. She glanced at me.
She just said, "Is it air conditioned?"
That night Sara wore the same long T shirt, I the same pair of grey boxers. We were all showered now, exhausted but clean, scented, air conditioned and laying on 'our' bed. The covers were still in place, and I was stealing glances, first at my parents, and then my sister. We were tired, bone tired, but I could feel my heart race slightly as we pulled back the sheets and from each side of the bed slid in. As the blanket pulled up over Sara's hips I could see her T ride up slightly, giving me a brief glimpse of her thighs and the soft curve of her ass. The warmth of the bed increased, I could feel the heat emanating from her side, the smell of her washed hair, and I placed my nose beneath the sheets - her scent again. I was happy, this was wonderful. It would never happen again.
We turned the lights out and I lay awake for the longest time, my eyes felt like they were glowing. Each time she shifted I could feel the bounce of the mattress. When she lay on her side away from me I could feel the sheets move away from me, and would lightly pull them back my way, feeling her shift lightly as I tugged. After awhile, stillness, I could tell she was asleep. The sound of her soft breath. Gradually, slowly I drifted off.
I felt her arm against me and woke immediately, and without moving turned my head to look at the clock, it was 3 AM. Her shoulder was pressed against me and she was laying now on her back. There was a light outside the window shining into the room and I could look over at her in the blue light and see the features of her face. Her hair was thrown up around the pillow, her lips pressed lightly together. Her small nose flaring lightly with each breath. Her head was inclined toward me, and I was no more than a few inches from her mouth, could feel her hair touching my face. Our shoulders were pressed together and I kept my hands on my stomach. The mattress was old and curved in at the middle and probably accounted for our positioning, for I was also not at my edge of the bed. I could have easily slid back over to my side, yet I remained.
The more I thought about where I was, where we were, my heart began racing again. I could feel her exhale against my cheek, the warmth of her. And that smell! I turned myself so that my shoulder was now slightly lower than hers and I was just facing her, not on my side but tilted. And I lay my right hand upon her stomach right over her T shirt, let it rest at the center of her tummy right between her navel and her ribs, just feeling the rise and fall of her breathing. She shifted only slightly at my touch, and I could feel her hairs brushing my ear as she nuzzled lightly against me.
What was I even thinking? Why did I do that? Even just to lay my hand upon her. I was listening to her breath and feeling it at the same time, smelling her soft hair, sensing her warmth, the weight of her shoulder on me. It was so soft and sensual. Simple and silent in the bluish dark room. I had never imagined my sister in an erotic or sensual or sexual way, and now touching her lightly, letting my fingers press down into her abdomen, it was all I could feel. I was suffused with a feeling of pure pleasure.
I was drifting off to sleep again.
I woke about two hours later, and realized my right hand was still on her tummy, the same spot. But then realizing that it was no longer on top of her T shirt, but laying upon her bare skin. I had no idea how the T had ridden up. She had her right arm up over her head and was still on her back, still leaning against me to my left. The room was totally silent, and I simply lay there taking in where I was with every sense I possessed.
As I lay motionless however, I began to move my fingers lightly along her downy soft skin, up and down then the smallest of circles, feeling the light hairs across her middle, and I reached to her left side, letting my fingers curl around her ribs, almost holding her to me, pressing my palm into her. At that moment, she took a deep breath and as she exhaled, took my hand in hers and lifted me off, lay my hand back down beside her. I froze, looking at her. What did she think? I held my breath. It was an accident, I feigned sleep, but after another moment she didn't move, she was still sleeping. Her breathing hadn't even changed. The other thing I noticed was that the blanket had been kicked off and we were only covered by a thin white sheet. I could feel that her top was pulled up all the way to just under her breasts, by the bunched up fabric that pressed against me at my side.
And she was still holding my hand, lightly, our fingers intertwined, and I really liked the way it felt. We never had held hands before. I had one other realization. My cock was hard, its tip pressed out the top of my boxers and I could feel myself dripping onto my abdomen. My sisters hand holding mine was right at the side of my hip and because I was turned lightly toward her, the tip of my cock was precariously close to her hand. I lay back a little flatter still holding her hand. I was picturing her beneath the fabric, her soft exposed skin, picturing her hips, her panties, her body right next to mine. The intimacy of our evening, utterly unrepeatable. This would never happen again and I wanted to see her.
So, ever so carefully, I tipped my head under the sheet scootching myself down the bed. The light shined readily through the thin fabric and under the blue light, further shaded by the cotton sheet I could see the soft swell of her tummy, her concave abdomen, her hip bone and the thin fabric - her panties! White, glowing in the low light. I turned slightly for a better view, scrunching just a little lower. Her breathing even, rising and falling. I could see the start of the rise of her breasts, the fabric of the T shirt risen just slightly showing the edges of her breasts, bare skin. I could see where we were holding hands and the tip of my cock poking out the top of my boxers not three inches from her bare thighs. She was so beautiful. It was so warm and the scent of her body enveloped me, the sound of her breathing the rise and fall of her stomach seemed magnified.
I let go her hand and lay my hand once more on her tummy, a little lower this time, covering her abdomen just below her navel. Her breathing was still smooth, slow, rising and falling, still warm, the soft hairs. I could feel the soft downy hairs, coursening lightly to the edge of her panties. My figner tips rubbing the soft white cotton edge.
I felt her hand again take mine, and again lift me off of her and set it back down at her side. I froze, unmoving, holding my breath under the sheet. She squeezed my hand lightly, wrapped her fingers around mine. Her breathing changed slightly. I could not move, hidden under the sheet, such a fool . . . she had to know.
Next moment . . . she let go my hand and . . .
The sheet lifted and I started, her eyes were on me, she looked directly at me and I could barely catch my breath now and my heart raced. What was I doing? What could I say? She noticed how I had jumped when the sheet rose, my eyes were wide, glowing no doubt in the blue light darkness.
She whispered lazily as she stared at me, "What are you doing?" holding the sheet as a tent over me.
And then in this little hermetically sealed world I had created, of scents and warmth, beneath the sheets of our bed and her exposed body she looked around, saw herself - and realized.
She looked at me, a sort of confused and indecipherable smile. And she said it again with a knowing growl, "What are you doing?"
I just stared pathetically up at her. I was so ashamed. She widened her eyes at me, mimicking my own look, "Get up here." And I lifted myself from beneath the sheet, she letting it fall around us again.
She pulled her T shirt back down around herself, lifted her hips slightly, tugging and moving the T back down around her thighs, and without shifting herself away from me turned her face to me, and simply breathed a very light, "You behave. Go back to sleep."
I mouthed to her, "I'm sorry. I . . ."
She closed her eyes, lazily sighing, "Hmm, I bet you are," as she turned herself away from me tugging the sheet as she turned.
But, then reaching back with her hand, gently took my hand in hers. I wanted to be sure she wasn't mad at me, so I gave her hand a little squeeze, and she gave me the same.
I don't know what came over me just then, I was so happy that she wasn't mad, I began to play with her fingers and sort of rub her palm, feeling the skin between her fingers, and she responded in kind rolling on her back again after a moment. We silently lay there holding hands, fondling one another's fingers until we dozed off to sleep once more.
The next day was going to be one of sitting around and waiting, and Sara woke before me, showered and got dressed, and was sitting on a sofa looking at magazines when I walked over in my boxers and sat down.
She looked at by boxers and then me, "Good morning."
"Morning" I said back, uncertain.
No acknowledgment of last night, no accusing stares. I was happy.
A normal day.
That afternoon we were bored and just wanted to get away from our folks, and they agreed to let us explore a little. We found this little park area with benches and an outdoor food court. We sat down at an outdoor table, cars going by in the distance, and ate our burgers and sodas in the heat and dust.
"This is pretty long," Sara yawned and stretched.
"Pretty boring," I replied.
"Oh, I don't mind it when we're driving, I like watching the scenery," she had this tendency of contradicting me.
"Do you know when we get there?"
"Dad said just two more days once we start again."
I looked at her, "He tells you everything!"
"What??" She said in mock surprise.
"He told you WHERE we were going before me."
She smiled and touched her nose, "I asked," and then reached over patting my hand, "Try it sometime, it works wonders."
"Here." I handed her my drink.
She tilted her head back and threw her long hair over her shoulders and settled back in.
"First thing I do when we get there is find the beach, I want SAND between my toes!"
"Ahhh," I said like a sage
"What?"
"Bathing Suit," was all I said, picturing her.
"So? I want sun and water and sand for one whole week. We've already lost a day."
I stared at her.
"What?"
"Nothing. Nothing."
"Come on. It makes me crazy when you do that." She was leaning toward me, sipping from my soda.
"It's only just. When you said that. It's . . . I picture you in that bathing suit."
She paused, remembering her show, then smiled.
I continued, "Laying out in the sand. I can picture it, that's all."
"Yeah well. . ." And she leaned low and forward looking up at me, "You can probably picture a lot after last night."
I went beet red.
Then whispering, "You like looking don't ya!"
"Shhhh," I looked around. "I didn't . . ."
She was smiling, playing with the straw, looking daggers at me.
"It wasn't like that. I didn't SEE anything."
"I Bet! Head under the covers," and she held an imaginary sheet over her head and looking down over her body. "Nope. Nothing!" And she put her hands back down.
I looked around. No one noticing.
There was silence.
She tipped her head down lower, let the edges of her dark hair touch the table top all around.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Blocking the light. Trying to see if I can get it to where it was and see what you saw. There!"
"Stop it!" I looked around again.
And talking down into the table, "Hmm. I think you saw quite a bit," before she tipped her head back up, with an air. "And Hey! She swatted toward me, "How did my nightshirt get up so high?"
"Shh. Shhh," and I was ready to get up now. People could hear. I was bright red. So embarrassed. I did not think this would ever come up today.
"I didn't have. I had nothing to do with THAT. I swear."
She seemed to sense going to far just then, and in as disarming a voice as possible, "I was just kidding. It was, no big . . ."
I was just staring down at the table now. Ashamed. She knew it.
She softened her voice further. "Jason. It's no big . . .Jason. Jason! Look at me."
I looked up.
"Listen. Truth. I sorta liked . . .you know, holding your hand. Having you there. It was nice. I haven't held anybody's hand in a long time."
"Yeah, well, I'm your brother."
She shrugged. "It's just hands, And . . ." for a moment her eyes twinkled as she was lifting her hands to look under the imaginary sheet, glancing down and then back at me.
I moved to get up.
"Oh, I won't go there. Sit." She shifted in her seat and leaned to me again, "Come on Ok? It was ok. It's just holding hands. I haven't . . . I haven't done a lot of things in quite awhile. . ."
"What? What do you mean?"
" . . . Probably why I liked it."
I looked up at her.
"You know -- THINGS!"
"Thing?"
"Oh God. Boys!" Her eyes got big, "That I held hands with boys. Boys. THINGS! With boys. . . Forget it."
Then I pressed further, "When have you last . . . held hands with a boy?"
She laughed, "Last night -- you!"
"I'm your brother."
She shrugged, "You asked."
"When's. . . the last time you been kissed."
A twinkle in her eye, turning her head at the other tables and back again, she licked her lips and smiled. Put her chin up, "I kissed Sue Niels last week."
"What?!" The surprise in my voice took her back. "You're kidding . . ."
She glared at me. "I should NOT have said that. You have to swear. Never. . ."
I nodded, "Wow!"
"Swear!"
"I swear," I liked where this was going just then. "What did you . . .?" I was still nodding my head
"We were just practicing. It was stupid."
"With tongues?" I whispered. By her look I got my answer. Now it was Sara who was blushing crimson.
There was a pause. She pressed and pulled the straw out of the lid of the cup. She continued, "You meant, kissed a boy." Began thinking, "A boy. . . That would be. That would be Jack."
"When?"
"He took me to a movie, he kissed me . . ."
"That's it?"
"Pretty much. He was lame." She stretched, and shifted, "I didn't like him much, anyway." And she looked around, leaning in close to me.
I tried to press further, "Have you? Uh . . ."
"What?" Her head tilted to the side.
I tried to continue, "Have you, ummm," her eyes were playful. "You know. . ."
"Say it!"
"Been, with a guy."
"Been?"
"Yeah, uh, you know. The last time."
"When did you become the Church Lady. God, Jason. I do not believe we are having this conversation." But she continued to sit there, leaning close to me with her hands laying flat on the table.
Silence.
"Sex." She said the word almost as if to herself. "It's been two years." She said lifting her brows giving her a surprised look, listening to her own voice and then nodding her head up and down once. "Two fucking years. Not since Prom."
"Prom?!"
She let slip.
I breathed out, "Brad?! Not Brad!! I can't believe . . ."
She looked around. I had said that a little loud. She pointed her finger at me, "Swear that one too!"
I was chuckling. "You hated him. You treated him like shit."
"It was Prom."
"That's your excuse."
"I had a little that night," she lowered her voice, "Ok? He got to be not so bad, uh looking that is." She started to laugh. "God. Actually he WAS that bad." She held her hand over her face. "God, I am so fucking pathetic." She was going on. "Brad, Jack, holding hands -- with you!"
Silence again.
"AND What about you?"
I knew I had to over-share now too. "Well, not since I broke up with Laura."
"Well, that was at about the same time, when I graduated."
"Yeah. Last time was at the end of your party. We snuck upstairs."
"Are you shitting me."
The Third Silence, as we thought back to our respective relationships.
She took a deep breath and then, "So, you thought my bathing suit looked nice huh?"
"Yeah." I smiled.
She looked down at her body again. I know she was thinking about what I saw.
Repeating my answer, "Yeah." She looked right in my eyes, said matter of fact, "The bottoms look a lot like the panties I have on right now."
I was blushing again. I could feel heat rising up my whole body.
"Not the same as last night though. The ones you saw. THESE are a lot smaller," and she smiled wickedly at me.
I remained calm and croaked out. "You looked nice."
"Last night, OR when I modeled for you?"
I paused, "Both times."
She smiled. I saw her blush a little, "You're a good brother."
*********
The next night we were in the exact same place, the exact same situation. The car had to wait for parts, so we could not even travel at all that day. We had lost a day.
This time as I slid under the covers, she readily took my hand. We looked over at our folks who were already dozing off.
I gave her a squeeze, she smiled at me, "Goodnight."
It was our secret.
I woke again at about 3 AM, and my mind immediately drifted to Sara, whom I could hear softly breathing next to me. Was her shirt lifted up again? I was so curious. She was not leaning against me tonight, I let my hand shift over toward her side of the bed, slid lightly to the middle. Touched her over the surface of the sheet and slid my hand softly over her body. The feel of her skin was unmistakable, bare skin beneath the fabric. I let my fingers drift lower, could feel just a string crossing her hip bone. The panties! The smaller pair she had told me about today. My heart was beating fast, I could not seem to catch my breath. I could feel the desire rising in me, I felt hot, already an erection pressing against my waistband as I tucked my arms beneath the sheet, and turning myself to her traced my hand lightly along her side, bare skin. What was I doing?
Her top was lifted all the way up to her breasts again. I lay my hand at her tummy, then sliding my hand down her abdomen I could feel the smallest of panties scooped low, tufts of hair right at the elastic. I lay my palm down on her abdomen again, and began to draw small soft circles on her skin, felt for her hip bone and traced its edge around her side and back again, just touching along the edge of her panties, feeling the thin string open to a small patch of fabric, felt the curve of her ass. Damn. She was right, and I rose my hand back up to her belly again, just below her navel. When, she took my hand in hers and lifting it off - back to her side.
When I glanced at her face, her eyes were open, she was still half asleep. She smiled at me lightly, whispering, "Our parents are right over there."
But she still held my hand in hers, and I played with her fingers again. We let our hands slide along one another, rhythmically stroking our hands together. I let my fingers trace the center of her palm and up her wrist. We were holding hands just like last night, my right hand and her left hand. We were inclined toward one another, both with our arms reaching across ourselves to the other. She let me stroke her hands, responding to my caresses, holding her palms up for me when I stroked her there, curling her fingers for me, yielding each finger as I touched, just laying there with her head above the sheets, eyes closed. She was falling asleep again.
"Mmmm," she was content.
I kept on touching her, stroking her wrists, tracing her arm to the elbow which crossed the center of her chest, between her breasts. Tracing my finger along her arms, across her collarbone and down her arm again, watching her lift her chin as I touched her there. I remembered that she slept with no bra. I could see her nipples through the T shirt beneath the sheet. I was feeling so close to her and for reasons I do not understand, other than it FELT right at the time, I let my hand which was tracing the path of her arm, drop onto her T shirt, onto the swell of her breast and opening my hand, squeezed my palms around her sweet soft breast. Squeezing her softly. I could just feel her nipple tighten beneath the fabric, pressing into my palm. Her eyes got wide, and I know she wanted to make a quick and sudden movement, perhaps get away. Perhaps say something. But wanting to maintain the silence, the stillness of the room, her only response was a widening of her eyes and a light stiffening along her length. But she did not move, she did not say anything.
For the littlest while longer, she did not move away from me, but while laying there and while letting me press and massage her soft round breasts through her T shirt, she was wide-eyed staring at me, and mouthing, "What are you . . .?"
I just mouthed back, "It feels nice."
"Hmmm, Stop." she whispered without moving.
And just as she began to move her hand toward mine, to 'move it away' I just let my hand settle back down onto her bare tummy as she lay her hand on top of mine. I didn't move then. Nor did she. I didn't look at her anymore. Just closed my eyes, feigning sleep. You could see my heart beating on the sheet which was pulled lightly across my chest, my arm reaching toward her, laying still once more on her tummy beneath, rising and falling to her rapid breaths.
And again we fell asleep like that. My hand, palm directly above her navel and her hand on mine. When I next woke, I could feel her hand on the back of mine, which was still laying on the bare skin of her tummy. She was stroking the length of my hand. I did not open my eyes. Tried to keep my breathing the same. It was so nice, felt so wonderful and warm. I desired her with every fiber of my being, I loved laying next to her, her smell, the warmth of her body, the feel of her hair. I loved holding hands in this silent room. It was no words, just touch, our senses together in the darkness, this odd blue light that filled the room.
I began to trace small circles on her tummy once again. I felt her pause with her hand on mine again holding me to herself. I know she was looking at me just then but I didn't open my eyes. I was Sleeping. As the circling touch of my fingers grew larger she lifted her hand away and let my strokes grow larger on her bare skin. I wanted this to continue, to go all night if it could, last until it could not any more. I stroked her warmth across the softness of her center, beneath her ribs, within her hip bones, pressing and kneading, caressing. She lay still, inclining herself slightly toward me. I traced the line of her panties feeling them dip low between her hips, the top of which was at the very line of her pussy mound, I could even just feel the rise of her mound right at her inner thigh. I could feel the soft hairs below her navel, coursening to pubic hairs splayed above the panty line. And then back up to her navel again, drawing an odd little circle there, and tracing a line along her rib cage. I could feel her breath quicken. I did not look at her, but I knew she was awake, enjoying this as I was. I creased my eyes open, trying to see if her face was turned toward mine. But her eyes were also closed. We were sleeping.
Curiosity rose in me once more, or desire. I let my hand drift higher this time, above the edge of her ribs, along the sternum, and tipping my fingers under her nightshirt, risen up to just below her breasts, and began to trace the edges of her breasts, never rising beyond the soft beginnings of flesh, the foothills to her stiff little nipples. I could feel her heart beating madly, feel the heat which was rising off her body now. If the room were cooler she would be steaming. And then let my hand fall once again, down around her navel, laying my open hand across the plate of her hip, pressing down on her concave abdomen, and tracing, slipping down along the panty line. She was trembling, and I could hear her ragged breathing. Her eyes closed, she had let me, the allowance which had taken me this far. Why? I didn't know. Sharing this secret between us.
And again, curiosity, her yielding, the feel of her body. I let my trembling hand cross right over her panties, tracing the thin fabric, running my fingers over that thin cotton triangle, touching, pressing the down on that mound between her thighs, held lightly together. I could feel the tangle of trimmed hair beneath, and I pressed my fingers onto the mound a little harder, massaging into the top beginnings of her pussy, feeling her opening to my touch, holding my finger tips likely just above my sisters clitoris, only the thin fabric separating my fingers from her. That center of her erotic soul.
And I heard it, the faintest little "Mmmm," a lite growl. The little girl unable to control her senses. Felling into me. Letting me. Surrendering, if only a little. And I traced the fabric along her thigh, teasing, testing, the tips of my fingers sliding just beneath the edge of her panties, following the thin seam of fabric, laying my hand flat across her thighs and ever so lightly reaching in, into her panties. Feeling the bare skin of her abdomen, the mound of her pussy, that little patch of trimmed hair, touching bare skin to hair covered skin. Then sliding my fingers between her legs, touching directly over her bare puss, the folds of flesh, that line, just the other side of which would be wet. I knew because when I had briefly pulled my hand out and traced back along the fabric, pressing my hand still further between her legs, could feel the wetness on her panties.
Then laying my hand flat upon her abdomen glided softly lower and once more slipping beneath that fabric triangle, the tangles of hair rising through my fingers. To feel just once, her wetness. Curiosity, desire, and now obsession. Feeling her sex, feeling her open, her legs opening slightly to my touch. Her yielding. How far could I go? I pressed my fingers more firmly, plying and pressing her open until a wet ridge met my fingers tip, her opening was like a bursting of fruit. Instead of rubbing I was sliding into her. The juices within building along a dry line and now lubricated through her center, pulling her pussy open, feeling that hardening clit, sliding my finger along her slit, flesh wrapping around, and my finger touched into her pussy, the smell of sex rising. . .
And then . . . I knew that THIS had to end. She took my hand, lightly without opening her eyes, or warning or anything. Just took my hand. Wrapping her small fingers around my own wet fingers, and letting her hand slide along her own juces, letting our hands now slide together, wet and lubricated. It was electric.
Softly gliding along one another, and then settling me back upon the surface of her tummy. Safety! Back over her navel, centered beneath my palm. Holding it there like a treasure beneath both hands. A deep sigh rose from deep within Sara, she was smiling and turning herself to me leaning in, lay the lightest kiss upon my cheek, never opening her eyes. Her hair nuzzling around my neck and she lay there. My eyes opened wide in surprise, hers never did.
Again, the third time that night we fell asleep.
*********
"Uh Jason. We need to talk."
I put my head down and looked up at her. Aprehensive.
I knew what it was about, "Uh, Sara, I'm sorry. Sorry about . . ."
"You were pretty out of . . .line last night." She was meeting my eyes and measuring her words.
"It was just. You. . .said you liked when we were holding hands."
"Yeah." A brief pause. "I said I liked that. We talked about that. We can DO that. But you were doing . . . a hell of a lot more than . . ."
I nodded. Looked down, "Ok. Well . . . You were playing with my fingers last night. And . . ."
She interrupted, "That was innocent, it felt nice. I liked that too."
"And . . . I started to massage your wrist, and arm."
"Yeah," she said less committal.
"Well, that was ok?" I made eye contact, watching her soften just a little. I was establishing some culpability on her part. It seemed to be working. I continued, "You liked that. I heard you."
She put her head down. "Yeah. It was . . . nice."
"So when? When exactly wasn't it nice?"
She shot her head back up, recovering herself. And she put her head low looking up at me, was she angry? "Hello! When you put your hand on my" -- and she leaned in whispering, her ear tips were red peaking through her long hair, "Boobs!" She leaned still closer and continued, "Or how about when you slid your hands into my panties and started to rub my pussy . . ."
Did she say that! The tone of her voice aroused me immediately. I was hard, trying to adjust myself without her noticing.
She looked around, "Mom and Dad were IN the next bed. They could have seen us Jason."
I nodded. "I lost it. I'm sorry. I said I was sorry. I won't . . ." and I added, "Your arm was across your chest and I was rubbing your arm and . . . I couldn't help it."
She listened a little, looking around, her cheeks were red. We were both blushing, aroused.
I kept going, "You. YOU let me do it."
She was silent
"For a little while. You did."
"I shouldn't have."
"I said I'm Sorry."
Silence. I was looking away, unhappy. I was ready to end the conversation and began to turn away, when her hand was on my wrist.
"Jason, we can hold hands. We can . . ." her voice trailed off. "That's it!"
I noticed the pause and quietly asked, "What were you going to say?"
"It's just that . . . I'm trying to decide. . . If rubbing fingers, the massaging is . . . was . . ."
"Too far?"
She nodded.
I was curious now, she was clearly conflicted. "How about. Your tummy? I was touching you there?" She looked up. "You held my hand right to your tummy. After . . . everything. And you even kissed me."
Her mouth was a straight line. And she said, "I did."
"Why?" I looked back at her, deep into her eyes. We were in this silent pause of connection.
She sighed, "It's why we can just hold hands." She started playing with her food, throwing her French fries at the plate.
"How about my looking? You knew I wasn't asleep. I was looking at you, you know. You thought it was funny -- yesterday."
She laughed again, put her hair to the table briefly. "When did you become such a little perv. Because I don't ever," and she turned toward me at the table, met my eyes again and immediately stopped. We were connected, her and I, just then.
"Yeah, your hand on my tummy was nice. That's why I kissed you . . . just on the cheek. Nothing more."
I lifted in my seat and reaching out took her hand.
"It's one of. . . one of my favorite spots to be touched. Makes me feel secure. Safe, I don't' know. It's . . . we had a hard day. It was," she paused, "Perfect, alone together in the dark. I've been feeling pretty isolated lately and being held that way is so . . .safe."
"Is that all?" I interrupted.
"What?"
"Holding hands. Playing with our fingers, laying my hand on your tummy. . ."
"We can't be doing this. You shouldn't even know what I like (she whispered)."
"But it's harmless. You said so yourself. Harmless Sara."
"Its just that . . .it led to more. Way more, more than we should be doing. You and I."
"Is that what we were last night? I mean, it seemed like something else."
She just looked at me. "I don't know what you meean."
"I didn't feel like anybody. In fact I had no thoughts. It was dark, warm. We were holding one another, it was light years away. No sound, only touch and smell and . . .no thoughts. It just was."
And she said matter of fact, "It's been two years. We talked about that. For both of us and you know that. I feel things too, you know, when you're doing that stuff. That harmless stuff. Things we shouldn't."
"But what did you FEEL?" I was curious.
"I'm not answering."
"I felt your hip press up into my hand when I . . ."
"Stop it." I could see her heart beating harder, causing her blouse to quiver. She was trembling.
"When did you FEEL it Sara? When we were holding hands. When I was rubbing your arm?"
"This is not a conversation."
"When my hand was on your breast? Your . . ." I mouthed the word pussy. She looked away. "Sara?" I was trying to get eye contact again.
"Well answer me this. Sara, tell me, where is your favorite spot to be touched?"
"Well, your not touching me there again!" She was glowing now.
"No. No. No. That's not what I meant. Safe I mean. Your tummy like you said before? You said 'One' of."
She shook her head no.
"Tell me. I like this too. It is nice. Like you said it's been two years for me too. The last two nights will never happen again. But Sara, I liked holding your hand," and I squeezed her fingers, felt her respond. "It was all innocent." She softly rubbed her thumb along the back of my hand, a little smile emerging as her eyes looked at our hands.
I repeated, "Holding hands," I looked down at her thumb rubbing on me, "Rubbing fingers, your arms, your tummy, your . ." .
She looked at me.
I laughed, "NOT your breasts."
She turned to me then, leaned in close. Still holding my hand, rubbing my hand with hers.
"You wanted to know my favorite place. Safe place I mean. You still want to know?"
I nodded my head.
"Ok. Just above my ass. You know, the small of my back. Just below the small of my back." And she put her other hand back twisting in front of me. Pointing at it. "Right there," looking over her shoulder then at me.
Her breasts were arched directly in front of my eyes, and her top fell away from her body a little as she did this. I was looking down her blouse, she noticing but letting me.
She turned back toward me, her eyes happy again. "That is my secret place. There I told you. Your right, it felt good. I liked it all Jason. See, but we can't . . .it's . . ."
I said simply, "Weird."
She laughed, "Well weird. But in a good way. Special. That's why I kissed you. At that moment in just that little speck of time everything did FEEL ok. It was just when I thought about it, later. . ."
"Well, lets not think about it. Come on," and she took my hand as we walked away.
**************
The car got fixed and we were back on the road again. We left shortly after our morning talk and dad drove about as solid as I can remember, trying to make up time but we were not where we were supposed to be yet, and so we were again trying to get a room for the night without reservations. There was a part of me that was excited, thinking - maybe. But there were two rooms tonight. A double and a double double, just like it was supposed to be. Sara and I looked at each other when we heard that. Sara just said, "back to normal then," so everyone could hear. But it had special meaning for us. It was a relief actually.
We were a little quiet that evening, partly from being exhausted from driving for more than twelve hours. Late in the evening we staked out our respective beds and the one constant in all of this was her long T shirt and my boxers. We weren't cool toward each other, it was more like shy around each other.
She pulled her covers back as she stood by 'her' bed and said, "Well I'm going to bed."
And she stood there a moment, looking at me. It seemed odd somehow.
I nodded, "So am I."
She voiced what I was feeling, "It's going to seem so different having the whole bed to myself again."
I didn't answer and we turned out the lights. The room was a little darker than the other room and I could only see the lightest silhouette of her beneath the covers. I WAS relieved, but at the same time disappointed.
About an hour passed and unexpectedly I could not sleep. My eyes were open, my mind would simply not rest. I could hear her breathing in the next bed. Slight shifts on the mattress. Every sound kept me on edge for some reason.
I glanced at the clock, when I heard a soft whisper. "Jason."
I just looked over into the darkness and paused briefly before saying quietly back, "Yeah." My heart started.
"I can't sleep."
"Neither can I."
"I was wondering. I think the reason I can't sleep is that I got used to your hand on my tummy. Could I just crawl into bed with you tonight? Just that, like we said."
I couldn't believe it. I collected my thoughts. "Well, ok. But. . ."
She was rising from the bed now, smoothing down her long T, "It'll be fine."
"Uh, sure. OK." I pulled back the covers of the other side of the bed, lay back down, closed my eyes.
I felt the mattress compress and spring back up as she slid in toward me.
"Thanks," and she settled in right beside me, actually lifting her T shirt up above her belly and taking my hand and laying it onto her tummy.
The softness of her skin was so intoxicating just then, so unexpected. I could feel the warmth from her side of the bed emanate toward me slowly and I inclined myself toward her slightly. She also leaned her head so that it was just touching my shoulder. Her wonderful smell rising around me.
"We can't make a habit of this when we get home you know," I intoned.
"No. But we're on vacation. I think part of it is being in a different place every night. It's fine. Well night."
I could see her close her eyes, could feel her breath against my cheek. She was right, we both drifted off to a sound sleep.
I woke to an incredible soft warmth, realizing she was pressed up closely along my length, my hand still on her tummy. I could feel her soft warm hair on my cheek and fallen down around my shoulders. It was beginning to feel like habit now. Familiar. Both her hands on mine. Again the blankets were pulled back, and we were simply beneath a single white sheet. As her hands were lightly laying over mine, I reflexively moved my fingers once again drawing those small circles around her tummy. She stirred lightly, and I noticed this time a change in her breathing; but she never opened her eyes, she just tightened her grip my hand.
In her groggy little voice, "Uh, uh. Be good. You have to."
But then rather than drifting off to sleep, she turned away from me while still holding onto my hand, and bringing me along so that my arm was wrapping around her waist. I was holding my hand a little lower, right over her abdomen, my finger tips settling right at her panty line. We were spooning in the bed with my chest against hers and my chin right at her shoulder.
After what must have been about ten or fifteen minutes, of me laying with my eyes open, my mouth brushing into her hair as she was turned from me, I thought about that spot at the small of her back. Her hand was ever so slightly stroking the back of my hand now as we lay there, and I gently tugged it from her grasp. She gripped a little more tightly, but then let go and settled down into the mattress.
I leaned back a little and with my free hand began to rub the small of her back, massaging her there, sliding my hand along the curve of her lower back, down the swell of her ass and over her panties, touching my finger tips to her thighs. And I began to draw small circles right there at the small of her back, playing with the elastic of her panties, tipping my figners just beneath the fabric.
"Mmmm." This little growl was all I heard, and she did not move at all.
As I rubbed her there, she was sort of tipping her ass back into my hand. I knew she liked this. I was scratching lightly, drawing circles, stroking her skin and I noticed that the area as she had said, just below the small of her back, was her favorite. For each time my finger tips passed there I could feel her undulate her hips, responding to my every touch. I realized that the lower I went the more she seemed to like it. The movement of her hips in rhythm to my touch was very arousing.
I began to slide her panties lightly and gradually down her backside, when I heard another girlish growl, she whispering back to me, "Oh, no, don't. You can keep rubbing my . . .back. Just . . ."
But she moved not a muscle, not even turning her head, and I continued tugging her panties to just above where her legs parted. Her bare ass exposed to me. At one point I felt her lift her hips ever so slightly to aid my efforts, and they came down now just to her thighs. She appeared to continue sleeping, groggy, not moving. Only the lightest sighs, and her growl I had never heard before.
"Mmmm."
I believe it was half displeasure and half desire, a mix of equal doses. I was skirting along this edge of what she would allow, though the line was like a liquid line that seemed to shift moment by moment.
I could feel her heart beating on the surface of the mattress as I continued to rub the small of her back reaching still lower, even wrapping my hands around her bare ass, tracing the line of her panties down between her legs, and up crack of her ass, and back up along the small of her back. She developed a regular undulating rhythm to my touch. I was so aroused now that my cock was straining against my boxers and I actually released it, pulling my own boxers down my thighs as well.
Sara turned her head to look back at me, squeeking in her tired voice, "Damn you. I'm sorry I told you. Behave now, I need to sleep."
I whispered back, "Feel nice?"
The growl again, "Mmmm, too nice." And then, "You promised. Behave," as she wiggled her ass, and reaching her hand back took ahold of mine. "Just Hold me."
She grasped my hand and pulled my arm around her waist again and jumped back sharply on the mattress so her body pressed lightly up against my front. The result was that my exposed cock was actually resting right against her bare backside. We were skin to skin from our shoulders to our sexes. I felt her start at the contact, but she made no further response, just settling herself once again into the mattress and me.
"Hmmm, that feels nice," she cooed. And as she said that she pushed her ass back against my cock.
I was afraid to move. I wanted to stay like this forever, I never wanted this moment to end. Beyond all my wildest dreaming. We began to fall asleep once more in each others arms.
She was so relaxed, her body was so soft and supple. I let my chest press against her and with abandon we let our bodies slowly twine together as we spooned one another, our every movement stimulating the other. I felt the rise and fall of her breathing against my whole body. She mewed like a kitten in my arms. And I believe that for awhile we did sleep.
When next I was conscious - if I was - it was from her soft fingertips stroking along my arm. As she rubbed me, I let my hand drift lower upon her, down her abdomen, slowly sliding my fingers into her panties and gently cupped her little bush for awhile, pressing my fingers in between her legs. I did it quickly in a single movement, and I felt the breath catch in her throat as I did it. I could feel just the slightest pressure of her pussy against my hand, as she pressed first forward and then back again.
I also let my cock settle down right up along the crack of her ass, and because I was so wet, it quickly became slippery down there. I could feel both our heartbeats as we pressed together, as I held her to me, my breathing warming her hair. I began once again to press my hand up between her legs, insunuating my fingers into her puss, spreading and opening her pussy lips. Feeling how wet she was once again.
As I was sliding my fingers on her sex, she moved a leg forward and to my pleasure I could feel her opening her legs to me, no conditions. With a soft sigh, she was surrendering to her desire. She was not going to take my hand away, as her hips began rocking forward and backward against me. When she slid her hips forward my fingers slid through her wetness and when she rocked her hips backward, curving her back and lifting her ass up as she did, could feel my cock sliding along the crack of her ass. And with each movement - forward and back - I let the head of my cock press lower and lower until it was brushing right over her anus. Our warmth and breathing continuing to rise as we slid ourselves together. I felt such a hunger inside of me as she passively received my touch, undulating her body, laying still with her eyes closed feigning sleep.
I was rubbing my fingers steadily against her now with a firmness that she could push ever harder against, and I could feel her positioning herself, guiding my fingers along her wetness. Showing me. Positioning her clit beneath my fingers perfectly, this hard little nub and I could tell how sensitive it was now. I was pressing its base, and stroking its length lightly as she pressed hard agains my hand, drawing circles around her wet shining clit. It felt white. God she was wet, and I could hear her breaths catching in her throat, panting and sighing, sometimes gasping, deep moans, the arousal rising and rising. The heat between us and out smells intoxicating us.
She was lifting Her backside up as high as she could and pressing back and back, seaching for the tip of my cock, turning her hips to me, until she finally guided me down between her legs instead of up along the crack of her ass, clamping her legs around my penis, holding my hardness tightly. As I continued to stroke her clit and pressing my finger for a moment into her vagina, feeling the tip of my cock as I did. She reached back between her legs with her hand, pressing her body against me, and wrapping her fingers around the head of my cock began tugging at me, pressing my hard cock deeply between her legs, opening her legs, wanting to be filled. I let go of her then and tipping my hips backward and forward, let my cock slide between her legs - enjoying the feeling of her frustration and hunger as she grasped my penis only to have it slide away. When next I pressed between her legs, I felt her fingerips on me and pressing the head of my cock, I let her press me right up inside. Delicious, exquisite. I pressed myself in. Could feel her close around the head of my cock, opening on all sides. I was filling her, and I pressed myself inside as deep as I could and held myself there. We were both clinging to one another in the dark room, the sheets fallen off of us, naked, sighing and gasping.
There was only this light whispered moan coming from her as I drew myself out and then pressed deep inside, over and over again.
"God damn you Jason." She panted. "Oh, god, it feels so good," as she pushed her ass back hard and I filled her once again.
I began rocking against myself her, sliding in and then out, my whole length as I was holding her puss from the front with my hand, began stroking her there, digging my fingers into her clit. Felling the flesh of her pussy, wet and loose on my fingers, sliding on her. Could feel my cock sliding inside.
She turned her head and I could see the whites of her eyes, "Happy? What you wanted?" and I leaned myself to her mouth, and kissed her. Felt her mouth open to me. Fucking and kissing in that dark, silent room. Deep soul kisses. She was turning herself to me and wrapping her arms around my head as we twisted together as I continued fucking her harder and harder, until we were trembling, shuddering, moving on the other faster and faster.
As I thrust into my little Sara I could feel her stiffen against me, "Ahhh, I'm cumming! Oh, fuck, god, Jas . . ."
I felt her press back her hips trembling against my body, pushing hard against my cock, spasming beneath me, turning so she was face down on the bed and I following, fucking her from behind. I rolled over on top of her, following her ass and fucking her with abandon. Her ass was lifted up in the air, the curve of her back arching down, her arms at her sides and her face lay sideways on the mattress, her hair spread out on the pillow. I fucked harder, sliding my whole length into her until my cum was rising.
"Oh god, I'm going to cum." I was thinking of pulling out, spraying her on her back.
I could hear her, "Cum in me."
Feeling it rise, I held my cock inside her puss, buried myself in her. She pushing her hips against me, wave after wave, filling her. We were crying out to one another in the darkness, sliding together, wetness and hair, and breath, until we collapsed upon the bed. I lay on her, nuzzling into her shoulder, her hair sticking to my cheeks. We were smiling and laughing, and I could see her looking back at me, eyes open now.
"You little shit." As I lay my torso beside her, still inside.
I kissed her.
She reached down and felt my cock pressed inside her cunt, and simply said, "Fuck."
She rolled onto her side and I pulled myself out, and I lay beside her. She just lay there with her arms over her head, still wearing her nightshirt which was stretched across the top of her breasts, facing me, looking at at me. The whites of her eyes. I was still hard and I watched and I took and rolled her the rest of the way onto her back confidently.
I said quietly in the stillness, "I'm not finished with you yet."
She was looking at my cock, realizing what I wanted as I lifted myself over her and was complying now with my every touch and movement, how I directed her body beneath me. I was still so hungry as I lay upon her and settled between her legs, she opened her legs wide, lifting her knees up on either side of me.
Her cunt was gaping, wet and I lay slid my cock between her legs, and felt her lift her hips, letting me press my whole length right inside in a single stroke.
"You going to fuck me all night?" She cooed.
I could look down and see her body beneath me, breasts laying open. She reached her arms to the edge of her nightshirt and pulled it up and off over her head in a single motion as I fucked her.
I lifted hips slowly, letting my cock draw out of her and then slowly, excruciatingly pressing my whole length back in. Slow long strokes.
Her panties were still around her ankles, I could feel her trying to kick them off as well. We were naked. I looked into her eyes, could see her teeth as she held her mouth open, panting with each thrust. Her head tipped back, I began kissing her neck and she folded her arms around my chest and pulled me against her bare breasts, touching the sides of my hips with her thighs.
"Mmmm, not that I mind. Go on, go on, fuck me all night."
I wrapped my arms back around her, holding her at the small of her back, began cupping her ass with my hands and stroking her ass as I fucked her, tipping my fingers between her legs. She held me against her and bringing her mouth to my ear began this stream of words.
"Oh just the way I like it. You fuck. . .ahhh, now what do we do, you bad boy. You like being inside me, this what going to happen when I hold my legs open around you now?"
I lay my mouth on hers and we kissed her soft, she lay her hands on my cheeks as my tongue pressed into her. Rising and falling on her, faster and faster. We were tracing our teeth with our tongues, pressing our mouths and our sex together, rising and falling.
"God you feel so good."
In between kisses she continued whispering in my ear, "Am I your little girl? You know how bad we are?"
"Bad," Said.
"You know. Are you going to punish me? Is this my spanking. Spank me. You like my little cunt. Are you fucking me?"
I lifted myself up and we looked down between our legs, I pressing down into her and rising again. This stream of words in my ear. I held her to me and began to fuck harder.
"That's it. Fuck me, ahhh."
I was pounding her now.
"Oh god. Wait. I'm sensitive. Oh God!"
I was going crazy. Her body meeting my thrusts, her legs held open, taking me. I was so hard for her, wanting her with every fiber of my being. My whole body began to stiffen. She held to me. My hands were on the mattress on each side of her.
"You . . . fucking . . . your . . . sister." She panted out.
And with those words, I could feel myself cuming inside of her, filling her as she bucked hard against me, pulling me tight against her, rubbing her clit along the length of my cock, lifting her hips against mem, holding herself to me as I filled her with my cum. Filling her.
Her voice at my ear as I relaxed my body against her, felt our skin sliding together. Her voice at my ear, "Stay inside me as long as you can. We can sleep like this. All night." and I fell beside her, we lay side by side, our hips together, my cock still hard and pressed inside her. "
Just stay there."
I just breathed, "Hungry?"
"I warned you."
And we lay still in the dark, She could feel my cock softening as I held myself to her, clinging to her and we drifted off to sleep once again.
*****************
At one point during the night, I have no idea when, I felt my hardness pressing against her once again, and I began positioning my cock from behind to slip once more into her pussy. No pretense, I just wanted to be inside of her. She started, and reacted by silently lifting her ass in the air and opening her legs. Positioning herself for me.
"You want a little more of that pussy down there huh?"
She felt my cock slide right inside, but then she rolled onto her back causing me slip out and turned around so that she was facing me and continued to push me back solidly onto the bed.
"My turn," and she climbed up over my chest, and sat across my stomach, legs held wide. God she felt so good. It was strange being in the dark, with these wonderful smells of sex all around, and my body being pressed against the bed by Sara saying words like fuck and cunt and pussy.
I could feel her pussy hair pressing against my abdomen, and the opening of her cunny leaving this wet streak down my front as she slid lower and settled herself down onto my cock. I felt that hunger being satisified again, the delicious warmth of her as she slid down my body, positioning herself, finding my cock and sitting down on me. Wonderful waves of pleasure washing along my body and filling me with a heat that kept rising, as she kneeled above me, rising and falling on my cock. She was leaning herself forward until her breasts pressed to my chest, pressing her cunt along the base of my cock, so that she could literally press her clit against my length and catch a steady rhythm.
"You like my cunt? Say it." She whispered out.
"I love your cunt. Your juicy little cunny."
She just smiled, her hands pressed against my chest rising and falling above me.
I lay beneath her and held her breasts in my open hands, squeezing her, before letting my hands slide down around her hips and onto her ass. She could feel my fingers curl in and press into the crack of her ass. I slid my fingers lower until they pressed over her anus, and brush my fingers over the surface. Her eyes grew wide.
"Oh yeah," she licked her lips. "You are a bad boy."
She pushed against my fingers and guided me, encouraging me to keep pressing. Until I had a finger sliding up to the second knuckle.
"Keep doing that. Oh my GOOD, yeah," she grunted and squirmed on me.
The relaxation in her voice was so intoxicating, the deep trill. The curves of her body above me open in every way. I had never seen her so wanton. Had never known how erotic and wild she could be. She yielded her breasts to me, arching her head back exposing her white neck. She had full red lips and nibbled at my arm as I caressed her neck. She was so filled with desire. I could feel her quivering breath. Her cheeks were mottled, she could barely breath.
"Ohhh, feels so . . . good. You like your little girls pussy? Oh, make me cum."
"Mmm. My good little girl. Such a hungry cunt."
She would whisper, "Finish me. Am I your little girl. Fuck me. Say it." My hands were on her, moving her body against my cock, sliding her against me.
"My good little girl. I'm fucking you every way I can." Pressing my finger into her ass, holding her tightly on me, rocking into her, guiding her clit along the length of my cock, and filling her, deep to the hilt. Faster we washed against one another. She pressing down harder and harder, throwing her hair back and forward.
"Oh, I Love my little girl. My good little girl."
"No bad." And she pouted.
We looked at each other with wild eyes. My little sister who used to take a bath with me, who used to be amazed at our one difference that made one of us a boy and one of us a girl. Who I grew up with and knew so well. Who I watched on so many evenings, and of the times I could have walked over and lay my hands on her. Who was yielding to me completely now. We fucked silently, steady in that darkness, until she began frantically sliding upon me, pressing into my chest, throwing her head down and then back. She was biting her lips so hard. Almost crying.
She quickened her pace and started crying out, her little growl, panting, straining her body against me. We came in one long continuous wave of dissolution, it was wave after wave after wave, until I was almost in pain. I couldn't even tell if we were making noise or not anymore. My body stiffened and I could feel myself releasing ribbons of cum into her, and as it pulsed out of me, her vagina felt like a mouth drinking me in, sucking and quivering when her back arched and she came, thrashing, rising and falling above me.
Until we fell into our wet center of the bed. We were one. The sheet was wrapped and tied around our limbs, we were bound together, wet hair across our faces and in our mouths, between our legs. Sex on our breath. Sweat and her cum dripping from puss, leaking down her thighs. We fell tangled into one another, arms and legs, my cock laying limp across her thigh, and we tongued each other softly. Laughing, pulling her waist and hugging her to me. She was trembling to my touch. I just kept staring into her eyes as I kissed her, wrapping myself around her, pushing my leg between her thighs, rolling her onto her back.
She lay smiling looking up at me, "I just can't get enough now." And she rolled toward me, our bodies having become so united as one that I lost track of what was hers and what was mine. Our skin so soft, and moist, our every movement slippery and warm. Hair and teeth and bone.
We drifted off to sleep a third time.
Next morning we woke to soft sunlight streaming through the window. Laying naked in each others arms. The smell of sex all around us. I opened my eyes and there was Sara now smiling softly, her head settled into the pillow. She had a hand on my cock beneath the sheet, runing her fingers along its length. I could feel myself hardening.
She turned away, her ass settling into my lap guiding me inside her once more.
"Rub my back why don't ya."
