Walter Spackman had hit the jackpot as far as he was concerned. Martha, his grouchy old personal assistant had finally retired at the ripe old age of 67 and he had just hired a much younger new assistant, Victoria Anderson. For a horny old lech like Walter, Victoria was a dream come true. Not only was she the most beautiful creature he'd ever laid eyes on, complete with long peroxide-blonde hair, huge tits and a killer body, she was also the dumbest, most na誰ve bimbo he'd ever met.
Twenty three year old Victoria was married, but if Walter had been married to such an impressionable young beauty like her, he would never let her out of the bedroom. During the job interview Walter had been constantly squeezing his ever-present rubber stress-ball, afraid that if he stopped he wouldn't be able to help himself from leaping across the interview table and giving the voluptuous blonde a thorough rogering. Her sexy innocence drove him crazy, every lewd comment he made going right over her head. When he purposely threw his stress-ball on the ground and Victoria bent at the waist to retrieve it for him, the view of her spectacular ass in her tight skirt had almost caused him to blow his load.
That interview had been last Thursday and now on Monday afternoon he was almost at the end of his first day being assisted by the beautiful and sexy Victoria Anderson. Walter had definitely made the most of it. He had called Victoria into his office at least twice an hour to pick up spilled objects or retrieve files from the lowest drawers in his cabinets. Victoria had worn black trousers on her first day and although he didn't get much of a look at her spectacularly long and sleek legs, the trousers fit like a second skin and her beautifully rounded ass looked amazing in them whenever she bent over and presented it towards him.
Victoria wore a relatively low cut purple top, it's plunging V-shaped neckline displaying a good portion of her impressively large tits and impossibly deep cleavage. If he had to compare her breast size he would put it somewhere in the Pamela Anderson, Carmen Electra Baywatch kind of range. Definitely more than a handful for anyone who was lucky enough to get their hands on those impressive jugs.
As well as having her bend over whenever the opportunity presented itself, Walter also made a point of standing over her as she worked at her desk. Leaning over her shoulder a number of times to point out things on her computer screen and also get a brilliant view down into her mind-boggling cleavage.
Despite all his not-so-subtle leering, Victoria seemed completely oblivious to her new boss's lecherous attentions. Walter however was absolutely crazy with lust, constantly squeezing his stress-ball for all he was worth. At this rate he would probably need a new one before the week was out.
At about 4.30pm Walter could take it no longer and decided he would head home and let off some steam with a good long masturbation session in honour of his lovely new personal assistant.
As he walked past Victoria's desk he saw that she was bent over, rifling through one of her drawers, her lovely round ass pushed out towards him. After his day of restraint he could no longer resist. As he moved past her he reached out and patted one of the firm round globes of her buttocks, his whole body tingling as he finally laid a hand on her perfect bottom, her tight fitting black pants doing nothing to disguise the glorious softness of her ass.
"Oh Mr Spackman!" yelped Victoria in surprise at the pat, jerking herself upright and spinning around to face him, a look of shock covering her beautiful features.
"Just a little pat for a job well done," Walter assured her, doing his best to look nonchalant. Inside he was fighting the urge to give her big tits a great big squeeze through her top.
"Oh, okay," replied Victoria, she looked a little confused and concerned, obviously not too happy with being touched by her dirty old boss.
"Don't worry Victoria, think of us like a sports team and think of me like a coach. A little pat to congratulate you is perfectly normal," inside he was very worried now. His impulsive action could get him in a whole world of trouble if Victoria complained about sexual harassment.
"Oh," replied Victoria, appearing appeased by his reply. "Well if you put it like that, then thank you."
"Great," Walter replied, grinning widely. He couldn't believe he gotten away with it. Victoria certainly wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer. "Well I'm off home, I'll see you tomorrow morning."
"Okay Mr Spackman."
Walter reached around and gave her another quick pat on the butt and then he hurried headed for the door. The memory of the way her lovely round butt cheek had felt against his palm would certain fuel his fantasies tonight.
***
Day two went equally well as far as Walter was concerned. Victoria had worn a pair of charcoal grey slacks and a black blouse. He'd greeted her with a pat on the ass, gently touching first one buttock then the other with his right hand as he walked past. Victoria hadn't even blinked at the treatment.
Once again throughout the day his stress-ball got another thorough workout as Walter did his best to get plenty of viewing time on Victoria's ass and cleavage, as well as several more pats on her perfect ass. As the hours went by the pats got a little harder, and by the time he headed off at 5pm, he gave her a firm slap on the bottom before slipping out the door on his way home.
***
By Wednesday Walter decided he wanted to push his luck and see if he could have a little more fun with Victoria and take full advantage of her slow wits and na誰ve nature.
He waited until around morning tea time before calling Victoria into his office.
"Is something wrong Mr Spackman?" she asked cheerily as she entered his office to see Walter sitting at his desk looking very upset and stressed about something.
"Yes, something's very wrong. Have you seen my stress-ball?" he asked her anxiously.
Victoria frowned, she had noticed that the balding executive almost always had the blue rubber ball in his hand, squeezing it repeatedly to keep himself calm and collected. "Umm..." she murmured thoughtfully, "no I haven't. Do you want me to have a look around and see if I can find it for you."
"Yes please Victoria, it's very important that I lay my hands on it, I can't focus without it and my work is very important."
"Of course," said Victoria, she would hate to think that he couldn't do his work on account of losing the ball.
For the next half hour Victoria searched high and low, checking every inch of both Walter's office and her desk and filing area just outside. As she searched, even getting on her hands and knees to check under desks and cabinets, Walter followed her around, taking every opportunity to either stare at her ass or look down her top, depending on the position of her body as she hunted for his stress-ball. What Victoria wasn't aware was that Walter's stress-ball wasn't even in the office. He'd actually taken it home with him last night and purposely left it on his kitchen table.
"There's no sign of it at all Mr Spackman," announced Victoria at last, sighing in defeat.
They had returned to his office and Victoria was sitting in a chair beside him, a position he often had her sit when she was doing dictation. He got a kick out of the way her bosom jiggled in her blouse when she tried to write extra quickly.
"This is a big problem," Walter said, his voice very stern. "Without the ball I won't be able to work."
"Is there anything I can do?" asked Victoria anxiously.
Walter sighed and looked her up and down, his gaze finally coming to rest on her expansive bosom. Victoria was wearing a tight fitting white blouse that stretched taut across her chest, the buttons almost threatening to pop free. The material of the blouse was ever-so-slightly transparent and Walter could make out the material of a lacy bra beneath.
"Yes, perhaps you can help me," he replied, thoughtfully eyeing her bust.
Victoria didn't appear to notice that he was talking to her chest rather than her face. "Great, what can I do?" she asked eager to please her new boss.
"Well I need something round and soft, something very squeezable to keep my hands busy and focus my thoughts. My stress-ball was perfect, but perhaps you can provide me with an alternative." He gestured vaguely in her direction.
"Sure, what do you need Mr Spackman?" Victoria asked him.
"Your breasts," Walter replied, licking his lips in eager anticipation.
"My breasts?" repeated Victoria in surprise. Her hands rose up to unconsciously cover her chest.
"Yes, they're perfect!" said Walter with great enthusiasm. "They look like a nice healthy handful and I'm sure they're firm, yet squeezable."
"You want to use my breasts as a," Victoria swallowed, "as a stress-ball?"
"Yes, yes!" agreed Walter. "They're the perfect solution. You don't mind do you Victoria?"
His stunning blonde secretary hesitated, frowning as she tried to think through what he had just suggested.
"You said you'd help," he reminded her. "After all, your job as my personal assistant is to provide me with a full support service. It's not like I'll be feeling you up or anything, it's just for stress relief."
"Um," Victoria still wasn't sure what she should do. "Okay Mr Spackman," she said finally, after all it was very job.
"Wonderful!" Walter said happily. He immediately reached out with his right hand and grabbed hold of one of her large round boobs, giving it a firm squeeze through her blouse and bra. "Very nice," he said, "your breasts are perfect."
Walter ran his hand over the generous expanse of Victoria's left breast, letting the large round orb fill his hand. "Maybe a little bigger than my stress ball, but still perfect."
He then started to squeeze, kneading the firm flesh of her ample bosom through her clothing, letting his fingers sink into the soft mound of her big tit. Walter hefted her left breast up in his palm, feeling the weight of it, and then resumed squeezing and groping, making sure to keep his attention focussed on just her left breast.
Victoria remained still as a statue, sitting silently in her chair as her boss squeezed and groped her breast. The busty blonde avoided any eye contact, the whole situation was making her feel rather uncomfortable, the idea of him using her tits as stress-balls made her feel like she was being used like an object.
Walter did his best to look thoughtful as he rolled her left tit around in his palm, feeling her nipple harden through her clothing as he played with her big breast. This was fantastic.
"Okay Victoria, I feel much better. More focussed," he told her after about five or six minutes of fondling, decided he shouldn't push her too far, especially right away. "You can head back to your desk and I'll get on with my report."
"Of course Mr Spackman," Victoria nodded, standing up and quickly heading out of his office.
***
Just after lunch Walter asked Victoria to bring him a coffee, as she moved around beside him to place the coffee on his desk he reached around behind her and pinched her bottom.
Victoria jumped in surprise and to the horror of both of them she dropped his coffee into his lap.
"Oh sorry Mr Spackman!" cried Victoria, immediately grabbing a handful of tissues from the box on Walter's desk and starting to swab up the spilled coffee from the front of his pants.
Fortunately Walter liked his coffee with lots of milk so it wasn't piping hot. Victoria bent over his lap and was wiping up the coffee, rubbing his thighs and crotch with the handful of tissues.
Walter's thighs were stinging from the hot coffee but he decided to make the most of the situation. He sat back in his chair, spreading his legs wide for Victoria to wipe up the coffee.
"Get my crotch, it's burning," he told her. He reached out behind her and laid his hand gently on her ass, cupping her left buttock through the tight fitting black trousers she was wearing.
Victoria started to rub Walter's crotch, right over his cock and balls. She didn't even notice his hand on her ass.
"Unzip my pants, my underwear is wet as well," Walter instructed, giving her tight ass a slight squeeze. He rubbed his hand over her ass to cup her right buttock and give that a squeeze as well.
Victoria didn't think twice at his instruction, worried that she had badly burnt her boss. She reached up and unfastened his pants, exposing his soaking wet underwear. Without thinking about what she was doing Victoria grabbed another handful of tissues and reached inside the open front of Walter's pants, rubbing his crotch through his wet underwear.
Victoria gasped as she realised Mr Spackman's cock was erect inside his underwear. She froze, unsure what she should do in this suddenly awkward situation.
"Quick, get rubbing," Walter urged her, giving her ass another squeeze, it felt delicious round and firm, she certainly kept herself in shape.
Victoria bit her lower lip anxiously and resumed rubbing his crotch. She could plainly feel the long hard shaft of Walter's cock through the tissues as she rubbed over it's length, doing her best to dry off his underwear. She gave his penis a half dozen wipes with the tissues and then more gently rubbed his testicles, not wanting to be over enthusiastic and hurt him.
"I think that's the best I can do," she said at last, withdrawing her hand from his crotch and tossing the clump of wet tissues into the bin beside his desk. Victoria was uncomfortably aware of the bulge between Walter's thighs and averted her eyes from the open front of his pants.
"I guess that'll have to do," Walter said, obviously not happy about the spill. He gave her firm posterior a gentle pat.
"I'm so sorry about that Mr Spackman," apologized Victoria, genuinely upset with herself. She prayed she hadn't done any permanent damage.
"Can you please zip me up then," he instructed her.
Victoria immediately obeyed, not even considering the notion that he was quite capable of doing up his own pants. It was a bit of a squeeze with his engorged genitals but she managed to fasten up the front of his pants, acutely aware of his hard erection as her fingers bumped against it.
"Good job," announced Walter, giving her a slap on the ass when she was done, causing her to jump a little. "I'm in no state to keep working," he said, gesturing down at the damp front of his trousers. "I'll call it a day and see you in the morning."
"Okay Mr Spackman," said Victoria. "Sorry."
***
As soon as Walter arrived on Thursday morning he called Victoria into his office.
"I'm terribly stressed today," he told her. "I've got an important conference call at 9.30 so I need to be sharp as a razor this morning. Can you come around here so I can use your tits a moment?" he asked her, reaching up with his hands and making squeezing motions towards her as if he was going to honk on her tits.
"Of course Mr Spackman," agreed Victoria. She was still feeling guilty after splashing coffee on him yesterday and wanted to please him as much as possible today.
Victoria moved around the desk and sat down in the chair beside him, turning her body towards him a little and arching her back to thrust her chest out towards him.
Walter was obviously very stressed today as he reached out with both hands and cupped both of Victoria's heavy breasts in his palms.
"Oh that's good!" he breathed in obvious relief, giving her ample tits a firm squeeze, sinking his fingers into her lovely big melons.
"These are much nicer to play with than my old stress-ball," he said, massaging her tits through her blouse, squeezing the large orbs quite roughly. He groped and mauled at Victoria's chest with obvious relish, rolling the large round spheres of her breasts around in his hands and even pinching at her nipples through her clothing.
"I think that perhaps you shouldn't wear a bra tomorrow," he suggested, lifting her tits up in his hands and pressing them together against each other, causing her cleavage to well up above the neckline of her blouse. "It'd make them feel smoother."
"Okay Mr Spackman," agreed Victoria. "If it would help I'll leave the bra off tomorrow."
"Good," he said, smiling broadly as he groped harder on her huge knockers.
Walter played with Victoria's tits for about ten minutes before he finally seemed to have had enough and sent her back out to her desk and he got on with his own work.
About fifteen minutes after that the conference call came through and Victoria patched it through to his office. A couple minutes later she heard his cellphone ring as well and some rather heated discussion going on.
After a further ten minutes or so she heard Walter yell out from his office.
She hurried in and saw that Walter was sitting in his chair, his legs crossed with his phone against one ear and his cellphone against the other. His head was kinked to the side and he was holding his phone against his shoulder as he struggled to write on the pad in front of him. Walter pointed at the pad and gestured for her to come over to him.
Victoria hurried over and saw that he had scrawled a note on the pad for her. 'I need a piss but can't stop phonecall, too important' he had written. Victoria frowned at his note and shrugged. She wasn't quite she how she could help him out of that tricky situation.
Walter ripped off the page from the notebook to reveal another note, already written on the page below. 'Find me a bucket.'
Victoria gasped in surprise as she read the note, her eyes going wide. He wanted to piss in a bucket at his desk while he talked on the phone?
The buxom blonde looked around his office for something for him to piss into. Seeing nothing she hurried back out to where her desk was but didn't spot anything useful.
"Shit!" she swore, her mind racing. What was she going to do?
Victoria hurried back into Walter's office, as she entered her gaze rested on the rubbish bin beside his desk. Perfect! She hurried over, her large bosom jiggling enticingly beneath her blouse as she moved. Victoria grabbed the bin and upended it, spilling the rubbish onto the floor. She then put in on the floor in front of Walter's chair.
Victoria hesitated awkwardly a moment, wondering if she should turn her back or leave the room to let him pee in privacy. However, before she could move Walter ripped another page off his pad, revealing a third note. 'Take it out for me and aim it at the bucket.'
It took a few seconds to realise what Walter meant by 'it', but as soon as she did, her face went white. He actually wanted her to hold his penis for him while he pissed, right at his desk? Victoria's mind was spinning. Never in her wildest imagination had she ever considered that she would be in such a position. She couldn't do it, could she? Could he make her do it? Did he really mean what she thought he meant? Victoria stood there, staring at the note and rereading it, frozen by indecisiveness.
Walter was still talking on the two phones, his voice sounding stressed. He tapped urgently at the pad in front of him, indicating to Victoria to hurry up.
Victoria bit her lower lip. She really needed this job and didn't want to upset Mr Spackman. The pretty personal assistant already felt like her job was on tender-hooks after yesterday's split coffee incident. But could she really go through with this? It was pretty gross, not to mention very weird.
Victoria took a deep breath. Only one way to find out.
She knelt down beside her boss and reached gingerly into his lap, reaching for his fly. Her hands were shaking with nervousness. Victoria swallowed as she carefully took only of Walter's zipper between her thumb and forefinger, holding it as if it was poisonous, but realistically his zip was the least of her worries.
As the zipper came down a rather unattractive pair of stained white y-front's were revealed, Victoria wrinkled her nose up at the sight. She took another deep breath as she pulled open the front of Walter's pants to gain access. Here goes nothing.
There was a slight catch in Walter's voice, speaking into one of his phones as Victoria tentatively slipped her hand into the y-front entrance of his underwear. He couldn't help but smile as his lovely young secretary took hold of his cock in her fingers and pulled it out through the gap in his underwear.
Victoria's mouth was dry and her heart beating rapidly as she felt warm, rubbery shaft of Walter's limp cock in her soft hand. She couldn't believe she was touching her boss's penis. The na誰ve blonde didn't notice the smirk on Walter's face as she pulled his penis out, holding it in her fingers, trying to touch it as little as possible as she aimed it towards the rubbish bin on the floor at his feet.
Walter's cock wasn't particular long, especially in it's softened state, but it was thick. He was uncircumcised, the fleshy foreskin covering the head of his cock with the slit only just peeking out the top. He felt a rush of blood as Victoria's cool hand held his cock, but did his best to keep his mind off what was happening, not wanting to scare her off with an erection. At least not yet anyway.
Victoria was unable to take her eyes off Walter's penis as she held it gently in her hand, doing her best to aim the tip towards the bin as she waited for him to piss.
Victoria gave a sharp gasp as she suddenly felt Walter's cock twitch in her hand and a steady stream of piss shot from the end, splashing into the rubbish bin. She diligently held his cock still as he pissed into the bin, his eyes closed as he mumbled into his two phones. When the last few drops splashed out he reached forward and ripped off another page from his pad. 'Shake it' was the note revealed.
Victoria did as she was instructed, shaking his penis in her hand, sending a few drops of pee spraying about. She stopped and reached for Walter's y-fronts with the intention of putting his dick away, but Walter tapped the pad again, indicating he wanted her to 'shake it' some more.
The kneeling blonde nodded and without a word shook his cock a bit more, his penis flopping around and bumping against the back of her hand and wrist as she shook it more vigorously this time. Walter tapped the pad a third time, still not satisfied so Victoria gave his cock some more shaking. She wasn't certain but she was pretty sure it felt a little bigger in her hand by the time he was finally satisfied.
'Wipe the tip.' Was the next message that appeared when Walter ripped off yet another page. Victoria was surprised at just how well Walter seemed to have this planned out.
She looked up onto his desk to where he usually kept a box of tissues, but to her surprise there was no box. Victoria looked questioningly up at Walter in surprise but he was no help, ignoring her and focussing on his two phone conversations. The whole time Victoria was holding Walter's penis in her soft hand, the shaft every so slightly swollen from her attentions, although by no means erect.
Victoria glanced around the room for something to use but didn't come up with any ideas. She couldn't really let go and run to the bathroom for some toilet paper as it might mean he dribbled on his underwear, not that it was a particularly clean pair of underwear however.
She finally made a decision and to Walter's surprise wiped the tip of his cock with her other hand, her palm swiping over the dribbling slit of his penis. Victoria then stuffed his dick back into his underwear and zipped up his pants. Walter smiled slightly as she then stood up, grabbed the bin and hurried out of his office to get cleaned up. His plan had worked ever better than he'd expected.
***
Walter maintained a pretty low profile for the rest of the day, neither of them even mentioned the piss incident at all. He managed to get by with several ass slaps and a couple of boob-stress-ball groping sessions.
The next day he arrived a little earlier, eager to see if he could take his new personal assistant to the next level.
Victoria was wearing a tight fitting white top with a plunging v-neck and a knee-length tan skirt. As Walter arrived on Friday morning he walked right up to where Victoria was sitting at her desk and reached out with both hands, grabbing her tits through her top.
Victoria gasped in surprise as Walter gave her big boobs a firm squeeze, his palms running across the expansive mounds and feeling her nipples jutting through the material of her top.
"No bra, very good Victoria," he said, pinching her nipples through her top. He then released her tits and marched onwards into his office, closing the door behind him without a further word of greeting.
Not long after, Victoria put a phone call through and she heard him raising his voice anxiously, apparently he had another conference call this morning.
A few minutes into the call Victoria's heart sank when she heard Walter yell out from his office, "I need to piss!"
Victoria's heart fell a little as she jumped up and hurried into Walter's office. Walter was already prepared today, she walked in to see him sitting in his chair behind his desk with his legs spread wide and the front of his pants already open. He was only talking into the one phone today, but it didn't cross Victoria's mind that he had a hand free to take care of himself.
Victoria picked up his rubbish bin and positioned it between his spread legs as she knelt down beside his chair and reached for the opening in the front of his pants. Walter smiled as he felt her soft hand slip into the y-front of his underwear and close around the shaft of his cock. She pulled his cock out the opening in his underwear, it felt slightly engorged this morning, not erect by any means, but definitely slightly swollen in anticipation of her touch.
As she aimed the tip of his dick towards the bin at his feet, Walter reached down with his free hand and slid it across Victoria's chest, groping each of her breasts in turn through her top. Even with him squeezing her tits she didn't realise that he was quite capable of holding his own dick for pissing.
Victoria frowned when he didn't start pissing right away, doing her best to ignore the hand squeezing her right breast as a stress-ball. Walter's fingers seized her nipple through her top, pinching it as he'd done earlier on arrival at work, and then using the nipple hold to shake and jiggle her entire breast. The pretty young secretaries frown deepened as she felt a definite stiffening of the shaft in her hand.
Walter gave a slight moan into his phone as his hand slid over to Victoria's other breast, roughly squeezing and kneading the round melon through her top.
Victoria shook his cock in the direction of the rubbish bin in an effort to get him to piss, but nothing came out. If anything his cock thickened further in her hand. The buxom personal assistant gasped in surprise as Walter's hand slipped down the front of her v-neck top, sliding inside to grasp her bare left breast.
Victoria froze in surprise, not sure if this was ok or not. Walter didn't even look down as he fondled her tit, his hand eagerly reaching inside her shirt. The old businessman grinned as his fingers pinched her nipple and explored the ample firmness of her bare breast, rolling the fleshy jug around in his groping palm. Keeping his hand buried down inside the neckline of Victoria's top he reached over to her other breast, giving it the same eager squeezing, groping and pinching treatment.
"Damn it!" swore Walter in sudden anger, releasing her breast and slamming his phone down in a rage with his other hand.
Victoria jumped in surprise, wondering the cause of her bosses abrupt outburst. It was then that she noticed that the penis she was clutching was fully erect, hard as a rock and pointing skywards instead of down at the rubbish bin. The busty blonde snatched her hand away in surprise and horror.
"Look what you've done!" yelled Walter angrily, gesturing with both hands towards his crotch.
Victoria stared at Walter's erection in shock, her mind racing, but no words coming from her mouth.
"The conference call is ruined and I clearly can't piss. You're a stupid, stupid girl!" raged Walter.
"Sorry," was all Victoria could blurt out. She was very confused and didn't really know what she'd done wrong. After all, she was just doing what Walter had asked of her. Was it really her fault he'd gotten hard?
"Sorry!?" he repeated furiously. "It's going to take more than that. You'll have to fix it!"
"Fix it? What do you mean Mr Spackman?" Victoria asked timidly.
"Make it go down, now!" Walter firmly commanded her, making a fist with one hand and gesturing in an imitation of masturbating.
"You mean..." stammered Victoria, her eyes widening as she realised what he wanted of her.
"Yes damn it, get to it!" snapped Walter.
If Victoria had been thinking straight, or if she'd been a little more intelligent or less na誰ve she probably would have refused. But she was terrified of upsetting him further, believing she'd made a bad mistake and ruined his ever-so-important conference call.
"Quickly please," Walter urged her to hurry.
Victoria swallowed and reached out, taking hold of his cock in her hand again. It probably helped that she already held his penis a couple times by now, so it wasn't such an alien feeling to be kneeling beside him at his feet with her boss's dick in one hand.
The pretty young blonde started to move her soft hand up and down on Walter's shaft, stroking his rock hard erection somewhat tentatively.
"That's it," murmured Walter appreciatively. "A little faster."
Victoria started to jerk him off in earnest, her hand pumping up and down on his hard cock. Both of Walter's hands moved down to Victoria's chest, giving her tits a quick squeeze through her top and then slipping inside to grope her lovely hooters more directly.
"Nice," he breathed, squeezing her tits as she pumped his hard cock in her warm hand. "Play with my balls with your other hand," he told her. Victoria obediently reached up and cupped his testicles in her free hand, not slowing her rapid stroking for an instant.
Walter gave Victoria's breasts an extra hard squeeze, causing her to wince slightly as she gently juggled his testicles in one hand and tossed him off with the other. His breathing was getting faster and she guessed he was getting nearer to climax.
"Oh fuck, that's nice," moaned Walter, pinching hard on his personal assistant's nipples, causing her to gasp out loud. Victoria's fist was a blur on his hard cock, rapidly jerking up and down, stroking him towards orgasm.
Victoria could see a few dribbles of cum leaking from the tip of her boss's cock, and as her hand slid rapidly up and down his length it reached her hand. The extra lubrication made her pulling smoother, but it was still kind of gross.
"That's it!" gasped Walter. "Not too much longer." His eyes were half closed in pleasure as he enjoyed his handjob with obvious relish. He was barely playing with her tits at this point, his hands mostly just resting on her big round boobs as she jerked him off.
With a loud moan and a strangled grunt of pleasure Walter suddenly lurched in his chair, his hands falling out from the front of Victoria's shirt and clutching the arms of his chair. His cock surged in Victoria's hand and a thick rope of sticky white cum spurted from the tip, shooting across the gap in front of chair and splattering onto his desk. Walter moaned with pleasure as the shot was followed by another surge of semen, splashing onto the floor just beyond the rubbish bin that Victoria had pulled up earler.
"Oh shit!" gasped Walter, as he slumped into his chair, still moaning as he orgasmed. The next spurt of cum was much smaller, mostly falling onto his chair and over Victoria's hand which still clutched his cock.
The busty blonde gently squeezed the last of his cum from his cock before letting go and sitting back. She glanced around for something to wipe her sticky hand on, but there was nothing at hand to help out.
"That was great sweetie, but you made a fucking mess," breathed Walter, a stupidly happy grin on his face.
Victoria bit her lip, deciding not to point out that it was him who had made the mess and not her.
Walter was still breathing heavily as she stuffed away his cock. "I'm going to go get cleaned up, can you fix up this mess please," he ordered his assistant, who was still kneeling on the floor beside his desk.
He got up and hurried off to the bathroom, a slight skip in his step at the thought of what the lovely blonde had just done for him.
***
After getting cleaned up Walter ducked out of the office for an extended morning tea that led right on into a long lunch. Victoria did her best to clean up the cum that splattered his desk, floor and chair but there still a few stains remaining when he returned.
He walked back into the office to see Victoria filing something in the bottom drawer of the cabinet beside her desk. She was bent at the waist, her beautiful ass jutting out directly towards him, the material of her skirt clinging to her flawless buttocks deliciously, the backs of her long, slim legs looking fantastic in her high heeled, strappy-shoes.
Walter licked his lips at the glorious sight and immediately moved in behind her. Victoria gasped as she felt his hand on the back of her calf, just below her knee. She spent all morning feeling embarrassed over the whole handjob incident and her skin crawled at his touch.
"Mmm," murmured Walter in appreciation of her long legs as he slid his hand slowly upwards. His palm stroked slowly up the firm, well muscled back of her leg and his dick stiffened a little in his pants, despite the earlier relief that Victoria had provided.
Victoria froze, remaining bent over as Walter's hand moved up to her creamy thigh and then slid higher still, climbing up above the hemline of her skirt, the material bunching against his wrist and he explored upwards.
Walter was breathing nosily through his nose, almost snorting with lust as his hand moved up over Victoria's soft, creamy upper thigh, right the way to the tasty curve of her buttock.
To Walter's absolute delight the lovely blonde was wearing a pair of very skimpy g-string underwear and her perfect ass-cheeks were left bare and uncovered, free for him to grope. He gave a soft moan as his hand stroked upward over the curve of Victoria's tight ass, 'till he was cupping her buttock in his palm. He gave her ass a squeeze, his fingers sinking into the firm cheeks of her buttocks.
"Lovely," he breathed softly, giving her bare ass another firm squeeze. He gave her buttock a gentle pat and then moved on, heading into his office as if nothing had happened.
His door finally closed and Victoria moved again at last, standing up straight and smoothing down the back of her skirt with a slight shudder.
At about 4pm another conference call came through for Walter and Victoria put it straight through, hoping that there wouldn't be another incident like the previous calls.
After just shy of five minutes however, Victoria's heart sank as she heard the familiar call from Mr Spackman's office.
"Victoria! Get in here. I need to piss!" he yelled, covered the end of his phone with one hand.
After the handjob this morning, Victoria was mortified at the prospect of assisting Mr Spackman while he was on the phone and she was almost tempted to slip out and pretend she'd gone home already.
She hesitated a moment on the threshold of Walter's office, but eventually decided that other than helping him piss she liked this job and didn't want to lose it.
So once again, Victoria found herself kneeling at her bosses feet, holding his rock solid erection in her soft hand as he scribbled 'Fix it!' on his notepad.
Victoria sighed quietly in embarrassment, but nevertheless she began to slowly slide her cool hand up and down on Walter's hard penis.
As she began to reluctantly toss her boss's salad, she was not in the least surprised to feel him reach out with one hand to casually grope her big tits through her blouse.
He lasted quite a bit longer than he had done that morning, and Victoria got quite tired, having to swap hands as she vigorously jerked his hard cock in her hand, giving him her best possible handjob in a futile effort to get things over and done with as quick as possible.
While she jerked him off, Walter's hand once again made it's way down inside the neckline of her blouse to play with her bare breasts, pinching and tweaking her hardened nipples and massaging and mauling at her big soft tits.
After about fifteen minutes, Victoria's wrists were burning from the effort, she was relieved when Mr Spackman suddenly pulled his hand out from the front of her blouse to cover the end of his phone.
"I'm gonna cum now, be dear and make sure you don't make a big mess like last time," he instructed casually.
Victoria's eyes widened in surprise and she hurried glanced around her, looking for something to catch his cum in. She briefly considered the bin, but remembering the huge spurts from that morning doubted she could get it to work.
Victoria looked up at Walter for assistance.
Walter grinned broadly and opened his mouth wide, pointing inside.
Victoria frowned, at first not realising what he meant. Then it dawned on her. Surely he didn't want her to catch his cum in her mouth?
Mr Spackman reached out and placed a hand on the back of Victoria's head, pulling her face down towards his lap. Victoria had no time to protest as she sudden found her boss's erection sliding smoothly between her lips and across her tongue.
Walter gave a moan of pleasure as Victoria's lips closed around the middle of his hard shaft and the tip of his cock hit the back of her mouth. Victoria moaned slightly in protest around her sudden mouthful of cock, but it was too late to stop things now.
Walter gave a grunt as his hard cock lurched in his beautiful secretary's mouth. As Victoria gurgled in dismay, Walter ejaculated copiously down her throat, his thick, salty seed spurting across her tongue as she swallowed desperately to avoid gagging or making a mess.
Walter held her face down in his lap until he had completely finished cumming. When he released her Victora sat up, coughing and sputtering, her eyes still wide with shock.
Victora stood up, looking around in bewilderment. Had that just happened? Had her boss just came in her mouth? She glanced down and notice that the top button had popped off her blouse, no doubt from having Walter's hand stuffed down the neckline.
Mr Spackman interrupted her disorientation, pointing to a note on his desk.
'You missed a drop,' it read. Victoria looked back towards her boss and saw him gesturing down towards the tip of his now slightly shrunken penis.
Wordlessly, Victoria bent back toward into Walters lap and licked the tip of his cock. She couldn't actually see any sperm there, so licked his dick all over, just to be sure. The buxom secretary then hurried stuffed Walter's dick back into his pants and she mutely departed, not meeting Walter's eyes.
***
The next day Victoria arrived late, after Walter had already drank his morning coffee. She shuffled rather glumly into his office, dressed in a pale grey skirt with matching jacket and a silky white blouse.
"I think we need to talk Mr Spackman," Victoria said meekly as she stood at the door to Walter's office.
"Of course Victoria," said Walter warmly. "Please come on in and take a seat," he said pointing to the couch on the far side of his office.
Victoria hesitate for an instant and then took a seat on the couch, her skirt riding up slightly to give Walter an eyeful of her smooth thighs encased in pale, flesh toned stockings. He could see the slightest hint of the lacy tops of the stockings.
"What can I do for you Victoria?" Walter asked as he sat down beside her and patted her knee affectionately.
Victoria stared down at his hand on her knee for a moment and then looked up at him. "I'm not sure that I can keep working here Mr Spackman," she said at last, not sounding to pleased at her own admission.
Walter looked shock. "Why ever not Victoria?" he asked her with genuine concern, giving her knee a gentle squeeze of assurance.
"Well," Victora took a deep breath, clearly not very comfortable talked to Walter about this. "Well, it's about yesterday..."
"Yes, what about it?" asked Walter, turning slightly in his seat to face her.
Victoria swallowed nervously. "I...I'm not comfortable with what happened Mr Spackman."
Walter frowned. "There was nothing out of the ordinary," he said in obvious confusion. "As far as I'm concerned you're my assistant and you were just assisting me. Doing a wonderful job of it in fact!"
Victoria blushed slightly at the complement, "Thank you Mr Spackman." She hesitated again. "It's just, that..."
"Yes, go on," urged Walter.
"Well, I'm married Mr Spackman," she managed to say at last.
Walter looked taken aback at this. "Married? So what? I don't understand what you're getting at Victoria."
Victoria looked on a verge of tears. "I feel like I've cheated on my husband," she explained.
Walter's frown got even deeper. "Nonsense!" he snapped. "I'm sure you're a most faithful wife."
It was Victoria's turn to look confused. "But Mr Spackman. I..." she stammered. "I put your...penis..."
Walter chuckled loudly, interrupting his distraught secretary. "Oh Victoria, my dear. Whatever am I going to do with you."
Victoria shook her head in confusion. "Mr Spackman?"
"Victoria, yesterday's incident was not being unfaithful to your husband," he assured her. "You were just doing your job, my dear."
Victoria was still uncertain. "But Mr Spackman, your penis. It went in my mouth. And your spunk..."
"Hush, hush," Walter said, silencing her. "While it's true that my cock was inside that delectable mouth of yours, there was certainly nothing sexual about the situation."
Victoria still didn't seem assured. "Nothing sexual?" she repeated in apparent disbelief.
"Not at all!" Walter assured her. "You were merely doing your job Victoria. I needed assistance and you helped me out. We certainly weren't having sex, and you were not cheating on your husband."
"I wasn't?" she asked hopefully.
"Of course not Victoria. You are a faithful wife, aren't you?"
"I am," Victoria nodded, already feeling a little better about yesterday.
"Yesterday was..." Walter waved his hands in the air as he paused a moment to find the right word. "Stress relief."
"Stress relief?" repeated Victoria, blinking in surprise.
"That's right," said Walter, seizing on his choice of words. "Stress relief. Like when I use your breasts," he added. As if to illustrate his point, Walter reached up with both hands, pushing open the front of Victoria's jacket and seizing both her hooters through her blouse, giving them a rather firm squeeze.
Victoria tensed slightly at his touch, but did not push his hands away.
Walter gave Victoria's ample breasts several squeezes. He frowned. "Are you wearing a bra Victoria?"
Victoria paled slightly. "Yes I...I forgot. Yesterday...I was confused. Sorry."
"Take it off please," instructed Walter firmly.
Victoria looked taken aback. "Right now?"
"Yes please Victoria," Walter insisted. "We have spoken previously about you not wearing a brassiere, haven't we?
"Yes, sorry Mr Spackman," Victoria replied apologetically.
"Good. Go on then," nodded Walter, urging her on.
Victoria shrugged off her jacket, placing it on the arm of the couch and started to unbutton her white blouse.
She was blushing heavily as she opened the blouse and let it drop off her shoulders revealing a lacy white push up bra that encased her perfect, ample bosoms. She stretched behind her back and unclasped the bra, the motion causing her vast breasts to jut out even further from her chest.
Victoria slipped off her bra, her ample breasts surged forward, but barely sagged at all. They were absolutely magnificent.
"Much better," murmured Walter in approval, he reached out and took hold of a breast in each hand, giving the bare boobs a firm squeeze. "You have lovely breasts Victoria."
"Thank you, Mr Spackman," Victoria humbly replied. She started to reach for her blouse to put it back on, but Walter had not yet let go of her breasts so she paused a moment.
"So are you feeling better about yesterday?" asked Walter as he continued to squeeze and fondle her astonishing melons.
Victoria nodded, "Yes. Thank you for talking it through with me Mr Spackman."
Walter swiped his thumbs across Victoria's nipples, the small buds hardening at his touch. "And you're happy that stress relief is just a part of your job, and nothing sexual?"
Victoria nodded.
Walter smiled down at Victoria's bare breasts. "You know, when I'm really stressed, these puppies might not be enough for me," he commented, jiggling his fingers against the undersides of Victoria's oversized knockers, causing them to quiver slightly on her chest.
Victoria swallowed nervously.
"And all this talk about you quitting has definitely increased my stress levels," noted Walter, his voice stern.
Walter released Victoria's tits and reached down, pulling down his zipper. Victoria's eyes were wide as saucers as her boss reached inside and drew his penis out. It was already semi erect.
"I need you to be a good little assistant and relieve my stress," he told her, reaching up and pressing his hand to the back of his topless secretary's neck.
Victoria's eyes were panicky, but she didn't resist as Walter pulled her head down into his lap, using his other hand to guide the tip of his dick towards her lips.
Victoria gave a small moan of alarm as the head of Walter's cock was pushed into her mouth, spearing apart her full lips as it slid in and across her tongue.
"That's very good, my dear," commented Walter as he pushed her head down further into his lap, his cock nestling comfortably, deep within her warm mouth where it immediately began to grow and stiffen.
With a guiding hand on the top of her head, Victoria began to obligingly bob her mouth over her boss's growing erection. Her hand came up, wrapping around the base of Walter's cock, jerking him at the same time as slurping noisily on the top half of his shaft, mouth and hand working together in a steady rhythm.
Walter gave a moan of appreciation and stretched back on the couch, letting his compliant personal assistant service his cock without further urging from her boss. While Victoria continued to suck noisily on his rod, he reached beneath her, to capture and squeeze one of her still bare breasts in his left hand, fondling roughly as she blew him.
"That's perfect Victoria!" he gasped as he pinched her hard nipple.
Victoria came up for a breath, glancing up at Walter as she squeezed and lightly tugged on his throbbing erection. She gave the head of his cock a brief, tender kiss and then plunged her mouth back down, taking him deep, right into the back of her throat. Despite her reluctance, this clearly wasn't the first time she'd sucked a dick before.
Walter gave another grunt of appreciation as both his hands moved to the top of Victoria's bobbing head and he began to move his hips in time with her sucks, humping his secretary's perfect mouth.
"That's good!" he panted, thrusting up vigorously into Victoria's mouth. Her hand around the base of his cock was about the only thing stopping his cock from disappearing completely into her hot mouth.
Walter fucked her pretty mouth, huffing and puffing as if he was running a marathon, for about five minutes before he started to feel a tremendous climax incoming.
"I gonna cum real soon," he wheezed hurriedly. "Make sure you swallow every drop."
Victoria mumbled something unintelligible, but it was muffled by her mouthful of cock.
Walter tightened his grip on the topless blonde's head and fucked her throat wildly, pushing her head down hard into his lap as his cock relentlessly surged upwards. Victoria's hand had long since fell away from the base of his cock and she was taking the entire length of Walter's erection like a pro.
"Ah, fucking yes!" Walter grunted, holding Victoria's head down into his lap, his cock buried to the hilt as he exploded, shooting thick salty ropes of cum straight down into the gorgeous, dim-witted blonde's throat.
Walter lurched on the couch as his cum geysered into Victoria's mouth and she swallowed as fast as she could.
He finally let go of her head and sunk back against the couch, moaning happily as Victoria sucked down the final spurts of his orgasm.
"Wow, you were really stressed huh?" asked Victoria, sounding slightly stunned as she sat up, breathing heavily.
Walter could only weakly nod in agreement.
***
Over the next few Walter made good use of his personal assistant's new services, most days getting at least two or three blowjobs from the buxom blonde. Sometimes he would let her do the work, enjoying the skilful talents of her tongue and mouth as she bobbed her head diligently over his raging hard-on. On other occasions, when he was feeling "extra stressed" he would have her kneel in the centre of his office as he grabbed her by the hair and forcefully fucked her mouth.
Each time their oral session would end with Victoria dutifully drink down his sperm, under the pretext of keeping his office free from mess.
All in all, life was pretty darn close to perfect for Walter Spackman.
But Walter's outlook on life had always been that the grass could be greener, so he was not completely satisfied.
To be completely satisfied, Walter wanted to fuck his gorgeous secretary.
He just had to work out a way of doing it.
Walter sat at his desk, deep in thought. How was he going to get into Victoria Anderson's panties?
Only minutes earlier she'd been kneeling under his desk slurping on his rod, and now he was sitting there wanting more.
"Don't be so greedy Walter," he scolded himself aloud as he reached into his drawer and grabbed a mint to suck on.
Then he had an idea.
***
Walter's plan took a few days to come together. Business was booming so Walter was becoming more and more busy and stressed, and therefore was insisting on more and more blowjob's from his chesty assistant.
Over the past few days Victoria had sucked Walter off at least four or five times a day. It was almost getting to the point where she was spending more time giving him head than she was doing her typing and filing.
It was only about ten minutes after the first blowjob of the day, where Victoria had spent a good twenty minutes frantically bobbing her head up and down over Walter's cock, that Walter called her into his office for a chat.
The gorgeous blonde was dressed in a tight fitting black skirt that was slit up one side, displaying a long, stocking-clad thigh with each step she took. Her expansive bosom was hidden away beneath a short sleeved white blouse that was buttoned high enough to keep most of her cleavage away from Walter's wandering eyes, although he had insisted on giving her boobs a good "stress ball" squeezing, prior to her morning mouthful.
Victoria looked a little perturbed as she entered her boss's office. The buxom personal assistant still had a tired jaw from the workout Walter had given her mouth, and her knees were a little sore from kneeling at his feet. The last thing she wanted to do was give him another blowjob so soon. If the rest of the day continued as this one was starting she was sure to beat her current record of six loads of cum in her belly in one day.
"Take a seat," instructed Walter as she closed the office door behind.
Victoria sat down in the chair on the opposite side of Walter's desk, she was immediately relieved. If Mr Spackman had wanted his cock sucked he would almost certainly have had her on her knees, not sitting in a chair. Yesterday afternoon he'd got her to lie on his desk with her head over the edge, but other than that she was almost always kneeling at his feet when she blew him.
Walter chewed his lower lip for a moment before speaking. "Hmm, now I'm not sure the best was to broach this..." he declared hesitantly.
Victoria swallowed, her nerves returned. He wasn't going to fire her was he?
"It's...umm...it's about your breath," Walter said.
Victoria blinked in surprise. "My breath?"
"Er, yes," confirmed Walter. "Well," he wrinkled his nose, "it's not the freshest."
Victoria winced guiltily. "My husband complained about a funny taste when I kissed him last night after work," she admitted.
"It must be all the cum you're swallowing at the moment," suggested Walter.
Victoria nodded in agreement. She wasn't really sure what Mr Spackman expected her to do about it. After all, it was him that was always stressed. If he found a way to be a bit more relaxed at work then she probably wouldn't have to suck his penis every hour or so.
Walter sighed and rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I'm not really sure what we can do about this Victoria," he said. Walter got up from his chair and walked around to stand beside the chair his secretary was sitting in. "I'm as stressed as ever so I don't think we can cut down on your relief services."
Walter reached down and cupped Victoria's right breast through her blouse, giving it a firm squeeze. "We need to come up with another way of stress relief that doesn't use your mouth." He massaged Victoria's boob vigorously as he spoke, clearly stressed right now.
Victoria frowned. "Maybe we should go back to me using my hand?" she suggested.
Walter shook his head. "No good, too messy," his hand sifted across to grope her left tit through her top. "But I think you're on the right track. We need to use another part of your body, another orifice."
"Another orifice?" repeated Victoria, she visibly paled at the suggestion.
"Yes," agreed Walter more enthusiastically now. He was clearly warming up to the idea now. "Like you're pussy, or your ass."
"My ass?" gasped Victoria in shock. She'd never had anal sex, not even with her husband.
"Well maybe not your ass," allowed Walter, sensing her growing reluctance.
Victoria gave a small sigh of relief.
"So it's settled then!" announced Walter, he let go of her breasts and clapped his hands together.
"It is?" remarked Victoria, looking up at her boss in confusion.
"Yes!" said Walter happily. He took hold of Victoria by her upper arm, guiding her to her feet and urging her forward towards the desk in front of her.
"What are you doing?" she asked apprehensively as she bumped into the edge of the desk, Walter standing right up close behind her.
"I'm going to use your pussy," Walter explained, his voice sounded surprised and slightly putout by her question.
"What?" she gasped worriedly.
Walter pushed her forward, behind her over the edge of his desk. She could feel his crotch brushing up against her skirt-clad ass, the bulge of his crotch rubbing against her buttocks. "Well you said you didn't want me to use your ass," Walter explained.
"Oh right," realised Victoria.
Walter pulled up the back of her skirt, exposing her g-string panties, and a sexy lace garter belt that was holding up her stockings. He ran a hand over the lush cheeks of her perfect round buttocks as his other hand unzipped his fly.
"This is just relieving stress right?" asked Victoria anxiously as Walter pulled out his cock and rubbed himself against her ass.
Walter pulled aside the back of her g-string, exposing her cunt. He rubbed the throbbing tip of his erection against her moist pussy lips. "That's right, you're not cheating on your husband," he assured her.
"Ugh!" Walter gave a grunt as he thrust himself into his gorgeous secretary's cunt, his cock sliding smoothly into the wet sheath of her vagina. "Fuck, you're tight!" he gasped.
Victoria gave a small moan as Walter grabbed her by her shapely hips and began to thrust into her from behind, his hips slapping against the lush globes of her buttocks as he fucked her.
Walter had a huge grin on his face. This was what he wanted. Now he was happy.
"Fuck your pussy feels good!" gasped Walter as his hips pumped pneumatically, repeatedly slamming his cock deep into Victoria, shagging her for all he was worth. His hand moved up from her hips to her buttocks, squeezing her gorgeous bum as he thrust against her perfectly shaped bottom.
Victoria, wanting to please her boss and ease his stress, ground her ass back against him to meet the hard thrusts of his cock and speed him towards his climax.
Walter however was not in such a hurry to be done. "Let's try a different position," he suggested, pulling his cock out of her.
He sat down on the chair that Victoria had used earlier. "Climb aboard," he instructed, using his hand to wiggle his skyway pointing penis at her.
Victoria, her skirt still hiked up around her waist, dutifully moved forward and straddled her boss's lap, slowly lowering herself down onto his erection.
"Oh fuck!" Walter gave a long, deep groan of pleasure as Victoria gradually impaled herself on his cock, the tight noose of her pussy milking his dick as she slowly slid herself up and down on his shaft.
Walter, turned on more than ever, reached up and gripped the front of Victoria's blouse in his hands and ripped it open. Buttons went flying across the office and Victoria gasped in shock at his lusty aggression. Realising that her expensive lacy bra was likely to be next, Victoria hurriedly reached behind her back and unhooked the strap, just in time for Walter to push the piece of lingerie aside and grab greedily at her enormous boobs.
As Victoria started to bounce on his lap, Walter groped her big tits, squeezing and kneading excitedly as he buried his face in her cleavage and sucked hungrily on her nipples.
"Oh yeah!" groaned Walter blissfully as Victoria ground her hips back and forth on his lap and he mauled her enormous chest.
"This should be much better for your breath," said Walter, panting breathlessly as she rode his hard cock.
"Mmm hmm!" Victoria groaned in reply, concentrating on fucking him as skilfully as she could, her clutching pussy rapidly sliding up and down the length of his cock.
"I'd better double check your breath though," gasped Walter.
Victoria gave a muffled moan of surprise as Walter grabbed her face in both of his hands and drew it down towards his own. As their lips pressed together and Victoria automatically kissed him back in surprise, Walter shoved his tongue into her mouth, hungrily French kissing her.
Walter moaned lustfully into Victoria's mouth as she resisted the urge to shove him away, and his thrusting cock lurched inside her pussy.
"Fuck!" Walter broke off their kiss and arched back in his chair, his hard cock convulsing inside her.
Victoria ground her hips down hard on his lap as his cock spurted thick ropes of spunk straight up into her pussy.
"Yesss!" Walter gave a long, happy groan as he spent himself in his personal assistant's cooperative pussy.
"That was lovely babe," said Walter in thanks as Victoria finally lifted herself up off his lap. "Go on and lick me clean," he instructed, gesturing vaguely down towards his sticky, limp penis.
Victoria nodded and dutifully bent her head down into Walter's lap, sucking his spent penis into her mouth and completely forgetting that she had let him fuck her to save her from getting semen-breath.
Walter himself was in heaven. Now he was happy.
THE END
