There are thousands of men who fantasize about their wives having sex with another man, but very few will experience it quite like this.
Anyone ever had a younger man just take a liking to your wife? Surely some have, but I mean quite literally a guy who developed a serious crush on her. One who would have bathed a cougar if she asked? Well, my wife had such a fellow in her very recent life. He adored her. This infatuation was well within reason too.
I had become accustomed over the years to men of all ages being overly nice to my wife, and not just because of her sweet disposition either. Basically, any man producing testosterone finds himself staring at her. She's what most would consider the true definition of a MILF. Let's face it, how often these days do you see a knockout 39-year old woman, who is 5' 2", 110lbs, brunette, with absolutely perfect legs, perfect ass, and an unbelievably beautiful smile?
Now when I say a younger fellow, I mean that my wife was 39 and this young man was 22 at the time. She's not the type to take advantage of kindness and actually he's not the type who even knows he's going overboard for her, but it's so very obvious when he's always trying to please her in everything he does.
First of all he loves hanging out at our home because we never treated him any less because of his age. From the first time he met us, when he was nineteen, he just felt comfortable around us. His mother had been our neighbor for over seventeen years, but he had lived with his biological father until he was nineteen, moving in next door to be closer to the state university and to have more freedom.
From first sight, he was utterly in love with my wife, Kathy. Jack was a very intelligent fellow with a full-ride academic scholarship, but was a complete moron when it came to his love life. The funny thing is, if he had treated women as he treated my wife, they would have fallen at his feet. He was actually a rather handsome guy with an athletic build, but had been sheltered by his father and stepmother all his life. He didn't even go to his senior prom because his dad put so many restrictions on prom night; he felt it wasn't even worth the effort.
Over the few years he lived next door, he became very comfortable around us, and we with him; it was not uncommon for him to be lying on the couch in our basement watching TV when my wife or I got home from work.
Late one evening, around 1:30 AM, my wife and I finished watching a series of DVDs we had rented. We were both barely awake as the final movie was ending, when suddenly we heard a knock on the sliding glass doors leading from our bedroom to the back yard. My wife instantly panicked and rolled off onto the floor in just her panties, dragging the bedspread with her to cover her breasts.
I rolled in the opposite direction and grabbed my pepper spray from the night stand on my side of the bed. As I crept towards the door, I saw a silhouette of whom I was pretty sure was Jack. I barely plucked the blinds back and sure enough he gave a silly wave and smiled.
Kathy and I knew he had a big date this very evening, but wondered why at 2 AM he would be knocking on our door. As I slid the door open, he immediately began to apologize saying, "I'm so sorry to bug you, Mike, but I saw your lights on and, well, I'm locked out next door." I immediately told him to come in, and he glanced to his right seeing Kathy getting up off the floor with the bedspread tightly clutched to her chest. He again began to apologize for the intrusion.
Kathy began asking a flurry of questions, "Why would they lock you out? Don't you have a key? I thought you had a big date tonight? How'd that go?"
Being very comfortable with us he explained, "They locked me out because they are assholes. As far as my date, it went just like all the other disaster dates I've had recently... I didn't get laid."
Kathy chuckled and said, "If you keep thinking you're going to get laid on every first date, you're setting yourself up for disappointment, don'tcha think?"
He smiled and replied, "Well yes, but damn it, I'm 22 years old and have had sex four times in my life; and three of those were with the same chick, who insisted that I not only wear a condom, but that I take it very slow so as not to break the condom. Then when I finished, I was to be ultra careful not to even take the condom off unless I was five feet away from her because she said some of it might get on her... Now, does that sound like a wild and satisfying sex life to you?"
My wife and I looked at each other and grinned as if to say, "That was a little more information than we expected." Kathy jokingly said "Scoot over here; at least I can give you a hug." Keeping the blanket pulled close to her chest with one arm, she leaned over with her left arm and hugged him saying, "You have your whole life ahead of you stud-man, just stop trying so hard."
He chuckled replying, "Easy for you to say, you and Mike can bang each other ten times a day if you like."
She laughed and said, "Married people don't have sex ten times a month silly," as she jokingly rolled her eyes at me.
I could tell he had been drinking heavily for two reasons; one, I could smell it from across the room and two; he was in rare form, saying whatever was on his mind. We had known him for quite some time by this point though, so almost no topic was off limits and basically there was no subject we hadn't spoken to him about before.
Right out of the blue and in pure drunk fashion, he said "You know, I really do have enough common sense to know not to expect to get laid on every first date, at least with a decent chick, but I've not been really dating the most moral chicks in the state you know, and hell, I can't even get a hand job... even a simple hand job would at least keep my balls from aching, and she could still be pure as the driven snow."
I laughed and said, "I know it's late, but you're probably going to stay the night anyway, so let me get you a drink, I think you can use one." Actually I figured it might tire him out and he would want to go crash on the couch in the basement. Kathy just continued to laugh her hind end off at some of the things he was saying.
I walked to the kitchen and was gone approximately five minutes grabbing three glasses and a bottle of Crown Royal, and as I walked into the bedroom, I heard my wife explaining, "What in the name of good sense makes you think a hand job isn't sex; she would still feel like she was engaging in a sexual act, and feeling slutty."
He replied, "But I would be the only one getting off, and, well... Awe hell I don't know."
I set the bottle and glasses down on the dresser and jokingly said, "Are you trying to talk my wife into giving you that desperately needed hand job, you sneak, is that what I'm hearing?"
He laughed and replied, "Oh I'm sorry, Mike, we should have told you, our whole plan was to have you go to the kitchen for drinks while Kathy gave me a hand job... Thanks, Kathy, you made my night."
She laughed and said, "Oh you know me, I thought it was my female duty, felt sorry for ya."
I returned the joking sarcasm saying, "So basically if I had still been in there making frozen daiquiris, you might have gotten laid."
He laughed and replied, "You're the luckiest man I know, I would give both my feet to have that experience."
My wife smirked and said, "Okay boys, let's calm down. Poor Jack over here is already about to climax in his pants, let's not be cruel." We all continued to small talk and harass one another as we drank.
After thirty minutes or so, he began daring us to do shots, and my wife kept insisting that she had had plenty, reminding him that if he hadn't knocked on the door she would have been asleep by this time. After several more minutes my wife finally said, "Fine, fine, fine, pour the damn shots, just shut up about it already." She had already put down at least three double-shot mixed drinks, and I would know, I was pouring them. After several shots, my wife, along with what she had already drunk was quite buzzed. Jack was damn well getting hammered, but rather than getting more tired, it seemed he was becoming more and more awake.
At around 3:15 AM, he got back on the subject of, "Why can't a woman just give a guy a hand job on a first date?" I know this will sound insane to some people, but after having several drinks and shots, hearing it over and over and watching my beautiful wife lean into him innocently, I slowly began to fantasize about my wife giving him this coveted hand job he kept going on about. In fact, the more he spoke of it, the more I thought about it.
My wife kept giving him the same generic advice, when right out of the blue, and I will never forget this moment for the rest of my life, I said without a great deal of thought, "Enough about the hand job. Honey will you please give him the hand job so we can stop talking about it?"
There was a very odd five seconds of silence before my wife finally replied with her chin hanging down to the floor, "Um, what was that, Mr. Mike?"
I just kind of grinned and said, "What the hell just give the poor guy a hand job before he jumps off a bridge. Then we won't have to hear any more about it." She kept her mouth open the entire time I was speaking in an utterly shocked manner, almost as if waiting for the punch line as Jack sat there looking like a deer in the headlights.
Finally Jack said, "Oh shit, are you serious... Oh shit, oh my God, you need to stop teasing. You're kidding right?" My wife just kept staring at me almost the way someone does when they just heard a long joke and didn't quite get the punch line.
I immediately walked to the dresser and poured another shot for each of us, when Kathy finally said something. Still in shock and with a slight yet confused grin, she said sarcastically, "Oh my God, my husband has a few drinks and wants to watch me give a guy a hand job. I suppose if you pound a few more, maybe Jack can fuck me, how'd that be, husband?"
I calmly replied, "Oh calm down, don't you feel sorry for him just a little bit?"
She paused for a second and replied, "I feel sorry for starving children in Africa, but I haven't sold my home and shipped them the money yet." Meanwhile Jack is sitting there hanging on every word continuing to wonder if he was actually hearing what he was hearing.
I handed her the glass, and she continued to glare at me with a combination of pissed off, confused, and oh shit, all rolled into one. Jack, still sitting on the end of the bed at Kathy's feet, said, "I swear I wouldn't tell a soul, Oh my God, this would be so...."
Just before he could finish, Kathy said, "Jack, just shut the hell up... just, shut, up."
There was this uncomfortable fifteen seconds of silence that felt like thirty minutes. I just kept a mischievous smile on my face as she continued to stare at me. I could tell she still wasn't quite sure if it was a joke or what. Within an instant her expression changed from confused to, "Ok, I'll play along, but I still don't think you're serious." I think to her it became like a game of chicken, to see who would swerve first.
She turned and looked right at Jack pointing her finger in his face and said, "If I even get a smirk from a neighbor, a friend, or one of your buddies, you will never be welcome in this house again and I will tell everyone you are the biggest liar I have ever met." He kept completely still and wide eyed as she spoke, and after she was done laying down the law, he agreed profusely, and I must say he looked mortified.
My then wife looked at me and said, "Hand me a T-Shirt." I reached into one of her dresser drawers and quickly handed her a T-Shirt. As I handed it to her she just let the bedspread fall from her perfect breasts as if it was just me and her sister in the room, and slipped it over her head.
After she put the T-shirt on, she sat there and just stared at Jack with her eyebrows raised, saying nothing. Jack looked around glancing back and forth from me to her, in total confusion and terror. She finally asked, "Do you want to do this with your pants on?"
He nervously jumped up, and began muttering "Oh right, sorry, I just, well, yes, right..." mumbling away in pure babble. As he fumbled with his pants, my wife threw off the bedspread from her legs and scooted down to the end of the bed.
This was without a doubt the most erotic moment in my entire life, watching a 22 year old man taking off his pants between my wife's legs as she sat there with her hands on her knees waiting. As he stepped out of his pants, he immediately grabbed at both sides of his underwear and slid them down. His cock was so rigid he had to push the front of his briefs out past his cock to get them off, and as the band of his briefs hung up on the head of his cock, his erection slapped back against his stomach.
Kathy kind of chuckled and said, "Excited are we?"
He replied, "You really, really, have no idea."
My wife then put her hands over her face and slowly pulled them down and said, "I need just one more drink, and then we'll do this."
Jack immediately agreed saying, "Oh hell yes, me too." I think my wife was buying time to see if I would finally flinch, or tell her this was all a joke, but I didn't. I poured the drinks, giving Jack about half a shot and giving my wife a double. I handed it to her, and she immediately held her nose and gulped it down, freezing for about twenty seconds as if the slightest thing would have made her throw it up. Jack too threw his back making a similar liquor face.
As they were throwing back their shots, I couldn't help but notice that Jack's cock was maybe only a half-inch longer than mine and about as thick, but the head of his cock was unusually large. I mean it was very disproportionate from the rest of his cock. It looked like a good sized plum you might find in the produce section of the grocery store sitting on the end of his cock. His cock was standing straight up too, with a wet shiny smear around the tip and a clear drip of per-seminal fluid at the opening.
As he finally got his act together and, having thrown back the shot, he walked in front of my wife not knowing what the hell he was doing, and she just glanced at me for a brief second, took a deep breath, and rather reluctantly and slowly reached up and put her hand on his cock. When she grabbed it, the head of his cock oozed out a large drop of clear slick fluid and she immediately said, "Oh my God, look how much stuff is coming out of you."
He replied and nervously chuckled, "I told you, I desperately need this." As she began stroking slowly back and forth, she was spreading the slick pre-cum all over the length of his cock. Although she hadn't commented on it, I know she was amazed at the size of the head of his cock. Not more than thirty seconds into it, he asked in a very out of breath way, "Is it ok if I lie beside you while we do this?"
She said, "I guess," and scooted up onto the bed on her left side as he slowly moved and laid on his right side.
As he lay down beside her, he rolled slightly to his right side and my wife rolled to her left. Once again she reached and began stroking his cock with her right hand almost in a pulling motion. After only a few seconds he acted like he was positioning more to his right side, and as he did, he put his left hand on my wife's right hip and onto her panties. Neither of them knew but I had made my way down to a chair by the foot of the bed and had begun very slowly and inconspicuously stroking my cock underneath my pajama bottoms. Keep in mind this was all taking place within a span of only few minutes. As I kept stroking my cock I began to notice he kept leaning in as if he was trying to kiss her, when suddenly my wife looked up from staring at his cock and they began to kiss.
Only seconds into kissing, he slid his left hand down between my wife's legs, and by the time she grabbed his wrist as if to say, "No," he was already feeling her pussy through the crotch of her panties. I had no idea what to expect because, although she still held his wrist, he continued to rub the crotch of her panties. Meanwhile she had stopped stroking his cock. They continued to kiss as he went from gently rubbing the crotch of her panties to trying to get his fingers under the side of her panties. He fumbled for a few seconds and finally managed to get his fingers under. He instantly pushed his middle finger inside her pussy as far as he could get it.
I kept stroking my cock as I watched in a combination of shock and complete erotic ecstasy. As I stroked I had to stop every few seconds or I would have exploded in my pajamas. Every few seconds I could hear my wife exhale with a sharp but low, "AAHHHH," when he would thrust his middle finger in deeply. The entire sight was driving me out of my mind with eroticism. I watched for maybe another minute, and then had a moment of temporary insanity. I rose out of the chair, walked over to the foot of the bed, grabbed the waistband of my wife's panties, and began to pull them off of her. The entire time I was inching them off, they continued to kiss. Jack pulled his finger out of her and was helping scoot them off the opposite side under her ass. I could only imagine what was going through his mind.
As I got them halfway down her thighs I began to question why she wasn't saying or doing anything to stop me, but was so worked up I realized I was getting even more turned on because she wasn't. After I slid them down her beautiful legs and off her sexy feet, I made my way back to the chair at the foot of the bed. My excitement level was beyond any experience in my entire life. My hands were actually shaking. Before I had even sat down and put my hand down my pants, he once again was fingering her. I just knew Jack's nuts must be aching at this point with anticipation of the unknown.
He kept fingering her when suddenly he removed his finger from her pussy, and reached midway down her right thigh and pulled her leg over him as he scooted as close to her as he could. My wife still wasn't going along with the entire thing as much as he would have liked. I was sure he was trying to see if she might roll on top of him, but instead she had her right leg over him and he was rolled on his left side. They continued to kiss and with every second, he kept trying to scoot down further as if to angle himself to enter her, but again, she wasn't exactly making his life easy. In fact, I was thinking she was just teasing the hell out of him and perhaps still playing chicken with me.
Finally after about a minute, he had angled himself in such a way that he reached down and moved his cock to her crotch. The way they were lying, there was no way he could easily enter her. At one point he began barely pulling at her ass and slowly half thrusting his cock across the opening of her pussy. This went on for several minutes with him stopping suddenly on occasion, which I knew was to keep from shooting his load. I too had to abruptly stop stroking my cock many times or I too would have shot my load. The fluid leaking from the head of his cock kept smearing against my wife's inner thighs and pussy, so much that it looked like she had already been fucked by three guys.
He continued pulling at her ass trying to get any angle at all to put his cock in her, when at one point he reached over her ass and with his finger tips pushed the head of his cock against her slick pussy lips, and I just about passed out. In only a few seconds, I watched as the large head of his cock spread her pussy lips. As he kept pushing the head of his cock and thrusting his hips, it kept popping out, until at one point, he scooted maybe an inch further down, and this time when he pushed the head of his cock between her pussy lips, he slowly and carefully thrust his hips and I watched as my wife's pussy spread around the head of his cock until it stretched and finally enveloped it. They continued to kiss as he sat motionless for at least thirty seconds. I figured he thought he had worked so hard just getting the head of his cock in her he didn't want to end it with his worst nightmare at this point: a premature ejaculation.
It was at this very moment; I had an episode of good ole reality, like getting hit by a bus. It finally hit me that I was looking at another mans cock in my wife's vagina, without a condom, and I had basically orchestrated the entire thing. My better judgment had gone bye-bye the second she put her hand on his cock though. Still, there was an entire mixture of emotions from slight jealousy, to extreme eroticism, to impatience wanting to see more. After thirty seconds or so of them kissing and him lying completely still with only the head of his cock inside her, he pulled her ass with much more force than before and thrust his hips simultaneously. As he did, my wife let out a quick and slightly stressed exhale of, "AAHHH..." He thrust several more times and after the third or fourth thrust, he was inside her as far as he could get at this angle, and once again he lay motionless only kissing her and rubbing his hand over her ass. Even with this bad angle and the fact that my wife wasn't making this easy, he was inside her all but about an inch. The tube or shaft running along the underside of his cock was as large as my thumb and looked like it was about to burst open. Every vein on his cock was also standing out very prominently. My view couldn't have been better from where I was sitting.
Once again, after he felt like he could thrust a few more times without losing control, he grabbed my wife's ass, and began thrusting hard. This time he was squeezing her ass so tightly his fingernails were white and I immediately knew this time was very different. He went past the usual careful three or four thrusts and was really thrusting violently and pulling her ass into his thrusts. After about the tenth or fifteenth unbelievably forceful thrust, his entire body went bone crushingly rigid and the veins on the side of his neck looked as if they would explode. His hand was squeezing and pulling my wife's ass cheek so forcefully, it looked as if her pussy would split around his cock. About two to three seconds into what looked like him having a seizure, remaining completely tense and motionless... BOOM, I saw his cock convulse in strong erythematic pulses.
Suddenly my wife softly uttered, "Oh shit." His cock continued to rhythmically jolt and pulse. There was no doubt at this point she was being inseminated right in front of me. I knew she sensed that he was about to come when he went rigid, but it really didn't fully set in until she felt his cock jolt and deliver the first powerful jet of semen into her pussy. The feeling of watching this, knowing that with every explosive pulse of his cock, a thick jet of his seed was shooting against my wife's cervix. It was beyond imagination. It was truly, and in every way, the most incredible, erotic, nasty, taboo, sexual thing imaginable. No other experience I have ever had even came close. It was ten times more sexually breathtaking than the first time I had ever had sex.
After a few seconds of holding his breath, he let out a very deep, "AAHHHH... YEAAAH... AAHHH FUCK YEAAHH..." as he jerked his body. He was kind of half thrusting, and by this time my wife was ever so slowly moving her hips into his thrusts. It was as if he was trying to deliver every drop of his sperm as deep as he possibly could. When he was perhaps half way through inseminating her, I began to notice a slight amount of semen forming around the base of his cock and around my wife's pussy. He stayed in this tense rigid form for at least two minutes. The shaft on his cock, even after two minutes continued to slightly jolt sporadically every five to ten seconds. It was hard to say how much semen he had just deposited in my wife, especially after an entire night of sexual teasing from his failed date.
Approaching perhaps the third or fourth minute after he exploded inside her, my wife said, "Ok, Ok, OK... Surely you're done; you just put a hundred and fifty million sperm inside me. I don't think those few extra you're trying to give me will make a difference."
He embarrassingly chuckled replying, "Sorry, sorry... Oh my God... I swear I can honestly say that the few other times I've had sex in my life don't even count now."
She giggled slightly looking at me and jokingly said, "Oh... give him a hand job, don't you feel sorry for him... Nice hand job here, Mike, wouldn't you say?"
I laughed and replied, "Well maybe now we won't have to hear his poor little me stories, about how he never gets laid. I'm a witness now, Jack, I just watched you fuck my wife... and without a condom no less."
He just kept panting and blurting, "I can't believe how hard it was shooting out of me; I have never came so hard and so much... ever. The feeling just lasted and lasted."
Kathy quickly chuckled replying, "Yes, I know... It felt like a hot water bottle burst inside me."
Pointing her finger right in his face she sternly told him again, "Not a word mister, not a word to anyone." They lay there for about thirty more seconds with his cock still in her, as she again made sure he was crystal clear about not mentioning this to another soul, when she slowly rolled to her right and onto her back. As she rolled his cock slowly withdrew and the huge head of his cock popped out, as a thick ooze of semen instantly appeared and leaked down Kathy's ass. She just lay there on her back with her legs slightly spread, putting her forearms over her eyes, and exhaled heavily, as if she was trying to come to grips with what had just happened. She then rather muffled said, "Can you please get me some toilet paper?"
I only half heard what she said and asked her to repeat it. She rose up on her elbows and reached down with her right hand to stick her two middle fingers slightly into her pussy and, with a sarcastic look, held her hand out and spread her fingers apart to show me his semen sticking between her fingers, and said "Um... Some toilet paper please."
I walked into the bathroom and shortly after told her there wasn't any and asked her to come into the bathroom to help me find it. When she got into the bathroom, I shut the door and she quickly went to sit on the toilet, but I grabbed her by the arm, and said "Wait, come here."
I slid my pajama bottoms down and moved her over to the sink and she immediately said, "No way, not now." I didn't say a word. I just began to kiss her and push her back towards the sink counter as she continued to say, "Mike, not now, maybe later." When I had her back against the sink, I lifted her ass up onto the sink, as she struggled somewhat to get off the counter, and then in a split second, I positioned my cock against her pussy and forcefully thrust. In one motion I flew into her soaked pussy all the way up to my nuts. I was so turned on by how slick, warm, and full of semen she still was.
Within ten to fifteen thrusts I looked down to see my cock covered with semen and it was sticking in streams from my pubic hair to her pussy. I didn't last but maybe a minute, when I ejaculated harder and longer than I had in my entire life. After I was completely finished she grinned and whispered, "I think someone might have enjoyed me fucking Jack as much as he did."
I took a deep breath trying to catch my breath, and replied, "Actually, I didn't realize at first how much I would, but yes, it was a mind blowing experience, beyond words." She just giggled, slid off the counter, grabbed a towel, and held it to her crotch.
She said, "Go back out. I will be there in a few minutes." I kissed her and walked out as she shut the door.
Jack was lying on the bed still up on one elbow and said, "Oh my GOD Mike, you are the luckiest man on the face of this earth."
I just laughed and replied, "Oh, buddy, you have no idea."
Jack ended up staying the rest of the night, which by this time was almost 4:00 AM, and begged to sleep in the same bed with us. Eventually Kathy gave in, but insisted that he not try all night to get more, telling him he was lucky to have gotten what he had, and she needed to get some sleep. As you probably well know, one thing led to another, and once again my hormones got the best of me on two occasions. I turned the lights back on and watched him fuck her in an incredibly forceful missionary position, where he managed to last about a minute the first time, and maybe five minutes the second time before blowing his load inside her.
I must say that watching him nail her in a natural position, thrusting the entire length of his cock inside her pussy and slamming against her body, was even more erotic than watching him struggle in an awkward position like the first time they fucked. Unless you have been in exactly the same scenario, you have no idea how erotic it is to see another mans nuts pressed against your wife's ass as he tenses up and shoots jets of seed deep inside her vagina, watching her hands on his ass as you notice her wedding rings, seeing her completely spread eagle, allowing him to flood her pussy with millions of sperm.
Before ending this recounting of the most sexually erotic moment of my life, I figured I should explain how it actually ended. Several times after that night I tried to get her to fuck him again, but she said no, telling me she thought I was enjoying watching him fuck her more than I enjoyed fucking her.
The last little piece of this experience I was able to enjoy, before it all ended, was when I came home from work early one evening, about a week after this had taken place, and walked into the bedroom to find Kathy under the bedspread with her hair messed up looking out of breath. I kind of became slightly paranoid with my imagination instantly running away, thinking, "Damn maybe she just fucked him, and he ran out when he heard me pull into the driveway." Either way, I figured I would let this little erotic fantasy spinning away in my mind go wild.
I quickly began tearing off my pants and shirt and, as she noticed what I was doing, she quickly sprang up in the bed clutching the bedspread tightly to her, saying, "Mike I know what you want, but I can't right now. I'm just getting up from a nap, and have to run some errands."
I finally got my pants and underwear off and grabbed the covers from her and said, "No problem let's just have a quickie."
As I began kissing her, she had her legs tightly crossed, and when I tried to put my hand between her legs, she forcefully grabbed it and said, "Not now, Mike."
At this point my paranoia was killing me, so I overpowered her hand and slid mine between her crossed legs. Instantly my fingers slid into her pussy because her crotch and inner thighs were absolutely soaked and slick. As I continued kissing her, I rose up and forcefully spread her legs apart and then leaned down and slid the head of my cock between her slippery pussy lips. She laid on her back with both hands over her face as I pushed effortlessly all the way inside her. The smell of semen was overpowering coming from under the bedspread. As I began slamming inside her, I said, "It's ok, I wanted you to fuck him."
She instantly replied with a very worried tone, "He just wouldn't stop asking, over and over and over."
I looked at her and said, "I would be twice as turned on if only you had said you fucked him, I wouldn't even care if you told me you're fucking him without my knowing." I continued to stare at her, and she began looking away and biting her lip."
I grinned as she glanced back with a worried look saying, "My God, Mike, I would have never dreamed in a million years you would have had a fantasy like this."
I just kept grinning and staring at her, and then mischievously asked, "Anything else you want to tell me?"
She took a deep breath, squinted her eyes with a smile, and said, "We might have fucked more than once."
I chuckled and replied, "More than once?"
She remained quiet, still grinning as if to gauge my reaction, and said almost in a whisper, "Ok more than once, and let's please leave it at that."
My cock was about to explode as I began hammering her more forcefully than I ever had since I met her, As I continued to slam inside her, I kept asking, "How many times? Come on, how many times did he fuck you?"
She was moaning loudly after multiple times of my asking and pounding against her body, she said in a strained and labored voice, "Every day." I was erotically out of my mind with ecstasy when she said it, when out of the blue she quickly got a furious, almost possessed look on her face as she grabbed my ass and spread her legs twice as wide. Things began coming out of her mouth unlike anything I had ever heard. I didn't even think she was capable of saying some of these things.
As I pounded her inhumanly she began saying, "You like hearing that? You like knowing I enjoy his cock being inside me... You know he gave me his semen three times today... You like knowing I'm constantly carrying his sperm inside me... You like knowing he fucks me like a whore when you're not here... You like knowing how much I love it when he inseminates me... You like knowing I stopped taking my birth control... You like knowing how much more he fills me...You like knowing that two of his friends came over with him a few days ago... and they all took turns coming in me. You like knowing one of them was black and he was so large it felt like he was coming in my stomach?"
Everything she was saying sent me into a moment of pure sexual insanity. I grabbed her hair, pulled with one hand, and thrust so hard I picked her up off the bed with the other as I began shooting every drop of semen I had in my body into her womb. I continued coming and holding her ass off the bed as I pulled her hair. She screamed at first but then began moving her ass in my hand moaning slightly. We stayed like this for a minute or two until I just couldn't give her anything else, and I collapsed on top of her.
We must have lain there for five minutes saying nothing at all before she finally said, "Just know, Mike, I'm done with this... Did you have all of your fantasy you could handle? Is that fucking enough for you? You need to tell Jack, and I mean tonight, that this is the end of your little fantasy. No more fucking when you're not here, no more fucking when you are here. It's done."
She was reserved but quite furious at the moment. Thirty minutes or so later she confessed that everything she said as I fucked her wasn't true, but did admit she had fucked Jack before I got home, insisting that it was only because I kept begging her to, and she felt she had to find a way to pay me back and/or make me get a grip. I was truly losing it and becoming addicted to watching her fuck. Let's just say she's pretty smart and I got the point. I called Jack later in the evening, and told him, "No more," and he agreed. After he returned to school from fall break, we only saw him a couple of times in passing and only at a distance with maybe a short wave.
The experience may have ended, but the fantasy is still very much alive in my mind. I have to say it improved mine and my wife's sex lives more than anyone could ever imagine.
