I decided to head home early during the work day and was coming down my street when I noticed my nephew's car pulling into my driveway. I don't know why but I pulled around the corner and quietly made my way to the back of the house. I then spotted my nephew, CJ talking to my wife Lisa in the downstairs bedroom sitting on the bed. I heard her yelling something about her pussy as he was approaching her. The window was cracked open with the blinds pulled up a few inches. I peeped through the window and I was shocked to hear CJ ask his Aunt Lisa for a kiss. Lisa yelled "NO! I'M YOUR AUNT!" She kept yelling at him as she tried to get up while pushing CJ away. CJ started trying to kiss her.
A little earlier, CJ had just left his girlfriend Terri's house with a raging hard on. They had tried to have sex for the first time but CJ's cock wouldn't go in no matter how hard they tried. Terri was in tears because it hurt so badly when he tried to force it in. CJ decided to leave before he killed her with his cock. He was driving home when he noticed that he was going by his Aunt Lisa's house. He immediately thought about how hot his aunt was. He suddenly got the crazy idea that she would be able to handle his cock because she's been fucking for years and has three kids which must have stretched her pussy enough to handle him. He saw her car in the garage and knew she was home alone for a few hours and decided to see if he could fuck her. He walked in through the garage but he couldn't find her in the house and decided to go into her bedroom. He opened the door to the bedroom and Aunt Lisa was napping on the bed. She was wearing a skirt and it had ridden up showing off her panties. Her legs were also spread and the panties had pulled to the side so he could actually see her pussy and the hair around her fuck hole. He immediately was rock hard again and needed a release. His teenage mind was now controlled by his fuck stick and nothing was going to stop him from getting what he needed.
His Aunt Lisa was napping on the bed. It was just after her kids were off to school and her husband was at work so she would be home alone for 6-7 hours and decided to take a cat nap before she started to clean the house. She had gone out earlier that day for an early meeting at school and had a skirt on. She suddenly woke up and saw her nephew CJ staring at her with a glazed look in his eyes. She followed his eyes and saw that he was staring at her pussy that was wide open for him to see. She quickly lowered her skirt and said "CJ! You scared me and WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU STARING AT YOUR AUNT'S PUSSY!" She couldn't believe her nephew actually saw her pussy; no man but her husband had seen her love box since they started dating 20+ years ago and she was very upset, mortified and embarrassed that her 18 year old nephew would take advantage of her like that and that her actually saw her pussy. She was very conservative by nature and didn't believe in any type of infidelity or abortion but at the same time was very sexual and loved sex with her husband.
CJ quickly apologized but he wasn't going to be deterred "I'm sorry Aunt Lisa; it's just that you're so beautiful. I've always thought you were hot and when I saw your beautiful pussy I couldn't help myself. I've always dreamed about seeing you naked and have always wanted to fuck you."
Lisa was shocked to her core. Her nephew just told her he wanted to fuck her. She didn't know what to say but her body started to betray her, her cunt was already dripping getting ready for a cock and her nipples were hard and standing out. She had taken her bra off before he nap and it was plain for her nephew to see. Lisa was suddenly very scared to be alone with her 18 year old nephew in her bedroom and screamed "CJ, DON'T EVER SAY THAT AGAIN! You shouldn't use that language with me. I'm your aunt and you can't fuck me." While she was saying this CJ was approaching her. She suddenly saw the big lump in his pants and knew what he wanted. She was appalled by the size of the bulge in his pants, he must be huge. Her pussy was betraying her because it was now on fire and she could feel the juice running down her leg. Her pussy was getting ready for what she could never accept.
CJ reached out for her and grabbed her and she screamed "NO! STOP!"
"Come on Aunt Lisa; just give me a kiss."
My wife said, "NO! I'M YOUR AUNT! GET YOUR FUCKING HANDS OFF ME! I WON'T KISS YOU OR DO ANYTHING ELSE WITH YOU! YOU'RE MY NEPHEW AND IT'S WRONG!" She tried to slap him but he was too quick and strong for her. He grabbed her hands and was laying next to her on the bed wrestling with her.
I could not say or do anything, I don't know why but I just watched as CJ got her pinned and slid his hand under her skirt and up my wife's thigh. His aunt continued to resist but CJ became more forceful and had managed to work her tits from her blouse and was sucking her nipples while he forced his hand between her legs.
CJ couldn't believe he was sucking his aunt's beautiful tits while reaching for her pussy. She was fighting him as hard as she could but he was much stronger and had her pinned in no time. He forced her to spread her legs with his hand which give him access to her pussy. He started rubbing her pussy through her soaked panties and she started to squirm. He then pulled the panties to the side and stuck two fingers in her pussy. She moaned and his hand was suddenly soaking wet. He wasn't sure but he thought she had just cum on his fingers and hand.
Lisa was beside herself and was screaming "GET OFF ME! DON'T PULL MY TITS OUT YOU ASSHOLE! LET GO OF MY TITS!" Her nephew now had her tits out and was sucking on them. Lisa was desperate by now and wailed, "NOOOOO CJ! DON'T SUCK MY TITS YOU BASTARD!" She next felt his hand snaking its way between her thighs and forcing them open. She tried with all her strength to keep them closed but she lost that battle and her thighs were forced open and he now had access to her pussy. She was fighting him as hard as she could but she couldn't win, he was just too strong. She was dripping cum from her pussy but she didn't want him to touch her most private place. This was her nephew about to touch her pussy and it's just plain wrong. She felt him touch her pussy through her spread legs and he began to rub her pussy through her soaked panties. She screamed in rage and embarrassment, "GET YOUR FUCKING FINGERS OFF MY PUSSY!" She next felt him pull the panties to the side and stick his fingers up her cunt. She was embarrassed that as soon as her nephew pushed his fingers into her cunt she came and spilled her pussy juice all over his fingers and hand. She moaned "CJ, NOOOOOO! PLEASE STOP! Oh God forgive me for cumming on your fingers. CJ, I don't want this no matter what my pussy does. It's wrong to force me, please stop, I'm begging you, please stop." She was starting to cry from the ordeal but we all knew it wasn't over.
I then noticed I had the biggest hard on I have ever had, my heart was pounding, I was confused, and all I could do was watch as my wife was being raped by my nephew in front of me.
CJ then pulled out his cock, which literally sprung out. He forced his aunt's hand between his legs and made her grab it. I watched in amazement as her hand was forced to wrap around the largest shaft I have ever seen. It was 13+" long and 4" in diameter and the head was as even larger. The monster cock head was shaped like an arrow head, it came to a point at the beginning and it spread out evenly until it was probably 5" in diameter at the end of the head and it was probably 4" in length and was clearly designed for penetration. His ball sac was as big as the rest of his package hanging down half way to his knees and each testical was the size of a very big lemon. I couldn't imagine how much cum they produced compared to any other guy but it must be incredible. If CJ was going to fuck her, it would be an ordeal for my wife. Her hand that was being forced to grab his cock didn't even go half way around and she looked at the monster cock and screamed "CJ, PUT THAT THING AWAY. DON'T FORCE ME TO STROKE THIS MONSTER!" He moved his hand away from hers yet she kept on stroking it. She didn't realize he had taken his hand away and was not forcing her anymore. She couldn't take her eyes off of it, probably shocked by its size. It was dripping precum which was now going down his cock and being spread by my wife's stroking hand.
From her point of view, Lisa couldn't believe that her nephew had taken his cock out. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen and the head was gigantic. This cock would never fit in her pussy and she was petrified at the thought of him forcing it in her tiny pussy. His balls were even more incredible, they hung down so low and each ball was as big as her fist. She had always wanted to know what it felt like to be fucked by a monster cock but she never had the chance before she was married and would never cheat on her husband. Her girlfriends had talked about how it felt to fuck a big cock and said it was painful, yet the most wonderful feeling in the world. Now here she was staring at a huge cock and her pussy started to leak again just thinking about it. CJ grabbed her hand and forced her to wrap her hand around his cock. She couldn't even get it half way around! Now he was forcing her to jack him off. She was sobbing uncontrollably by now, "CJ please don't force me, please, please stop; please don't force me anymore. I'm your aunt; don't you love me?"
CJ wasn't listening to his aunt; he put his mouth to hers and kissed her deeply. She tried to fight him off and turned her head but he held the kiss tight. He was now working her cunt with his hand. I watched as her hips rotated, still trying to push him away while begging him to stop. He pulled her skirt up over her hips and I could see he had pulled her panties to the side, his fingers had made there way inside his aunt's cunt. His fingers were dripping wet with cunt juice. She was resisting but her pussy had other ideas.
From Lisa's point of view, she was in total shock by now. She was fighting him but he was too strong for her. He kissed her suddenly and she fought him but he kept his mouth on hers and forced his tongue into her mouth. While this was going on, she felt him finger fucking her again. She tried to move away but it was fruitless. He pulled her skirt up over her hips and she could see, feel and hear his fingers fucking her pussy. She was powerless to stop him and was disgusted with the situation, her nephew finger fucking her pussy that was dripping pussy juice. Why was he forcing this despicable act on her and why was her pussy responding?
All of the sudden he placed one of his powerful hands behind her head and pushed her head to his lap. He held her head with on hand and his big cock with another, CJ placed the head of his huge cock to her lips.
Whimpering, Aunt Lisa said "No I can't, no stop."
"Oh you're going to love this Aunt Lisa." CJ said in a powerful voice.
Lisa couldn't believe that her nephew wanted her to suck his dick. He pushed the head against her lips but she kept her mouth closed tightly. She would never suck his dick. CJ then pinched her nose shut and waiting for her to open her mouth to breathe. She couldn't believe he pinched her nose; how long could she go before she would open her mouth and he would inevitably shove his cock in her mouth. She gave out a minute later and opened her mouth and gasped for air. He quickly shoved the head in and she was forced to open her mouth as wide as possible as her forced the apple sized head in her mouth. She couldn't believe how big it was and had trouble getting it in. Her lips felt like they were going to split open but the cock finally slipped in.
I watched as he forced her head down over his huge cock and her mouth finally opening to accept this monster cock. He started stroking his cock in her mouth pushing her head up and down, over and over. CJ then pushed her head down hard and forced his entire cock in. It was half way down her throat and you could see the bulge in her throat from the oversized head. He kept it in for about 30 seconds until his aunt started punching him. He pulled it out of her throat but kept it in her mouth. My wife was hanging on for dear life as CJ rammed his cock into her tiny mouth and half way down her throat over and over. His huge ball sac was slamming into her chin. This went on for a few more minutes until CJ stuffed it all the way in again and bellowed "I'M CUMMING." I watched as he grunted over and over again. You could see her throat swallowing again and again while his huge balls contracted with each spurt. After about a half minute of this, CJ pulled his cock out of her throat and kept on cumming in her mouth. She was swallowing as fast as she could but couldn't keep up with it. Her mouth formed a perfect seal around his cock so the only place left for the excess cum was through her nose; cum was shooting out her nose while he continued cumming in her mouth and she swallowed as fast as possible. He finally finished cumming after about 2 minutes and pulled his cock out. His aunt groaned from the assault and there was cum pouring from her mouth and nose. Her face was a mess from all the cum that sprayed from her nose. It was the thick gooey cum that stuck to everything. She burped and a big cum bubble came out. She looked down at her belly and CJ and I followed her eyes and we all saw the same thing; her belly was slightly distended from all the cum she had swallowed and she started rubbing her belly. She must have swallowed a pint and it showed. She tried to talk but it was impossible to make anything out. It was too garbed from all the cum in her throat and the abuse her vocal cords had taken from the monster cock. Cum was still pouring out of her mouth and nose drenching her with cum, it was everywhere. She suddenly bent over and vomited some cum. It was just a little but maybe enough so her stomach could handle the rest. Her color started to come back and she was able to move again and could feel his seed sloshing around in her stomach and it took all her willpower not to throw up. She was a mess and was dazed from the attack.
While she was dazed and helpless, CJ threw his aunt on her back ripping her panties off throwing them to the floor. He also took her blouse and skirt off leaving her completely naked. She was moaning now, starting to come around and still rubbing her cum filled belly. She was a mess of cum from her head to her tits. Her pussy was soaking wet and her clit was extended. CJ took all his clothes off and got on top of his aunt. Just looking at his naked aunt covered in his cum and seeing her pussy leaking made him ready to force his monster cock in her pussy. He was hard as a rock again and it was going in no matter what. He didn't realize that his monster cock would have trouble penetrating any pussy and his aunt had an especially tight pussy for her age. His uncle had a 6" cock but it was on the thin side and her youngest child was a teenager leaving plenty of time for her pussy to tighten up.
She immediately came out of her daze when she felt him get on top of her and she got her voice back and screamed, "YOU FUCKING BASTARD! I HATE YOU! HATE YOU! YOU JUST FORCED ME TO BLOW YOU AND YOU MADE ME SWALLOW YOUR DISGUSTING CUM; I MUST HAVE A PINT OF CUM IN MY BELLY! I HAVE YOUR CUM ALL OVER ME, IT'S DISGUSTING YOU FUCKING PIG! I HATE YOU!" While she was screaming at him, she was spitting cum out of her mouth and cum was still dripping from her nose.
CJ didn't care what she said as he opened her legs wide and now she started to plead with him.
She looked down between her legs and saw CJ's monster cock was inches away from her pussy opening and his aunt pleaded with him, "please don't fuck me, No, don't go that far, please don't. I won't tell anybody if you stop now. I'll blow you anytime and swallow, just don't fuck me, please. It's too big for my pussy, let me suck you off; you can cum in my throat again."
I could see that CJ was going to be fucking my wife/his aunt any second now with the biggest cock she had ever had or seen. My eyes were glued to her face and cunt as I watched in total shock and could not move.
CJ's body moved in between his aunt's legs pressing her into the bed, her knees spread wide as he placed the massive head of his cock to her cum drenched cunt rubbing up and down her slit. She was now being forced to letting him have access to her most private place, letting her nephew put his cock in her no matter what she was saying or how hard she tried to stop him. She had lost a lot of her strength fighting him for the last 45 minutes and was not able to physically fight him anymore.
Lisa's head was slowly moving from side to side with her hands on his chest trying to push him back.
Pleading, Aunt Lisa begged, "NO! NO! NO! STOP right now... please, we can do something else, you're too big stop. I'm your aunt for god sakes; I'm begging you to stop. Please don't rape me. CJ, think what you're doing, you're trying to rape your aunt's cunt."
CJ couldn't believe his aunt would say "cunt" to him. It made him want her even more and he was already too far gone to stop and he said "you're going to love this cock up your cunt Aunt Lisa."
His aunt begged and pleaded, "No CJ, please no, please don't do this please NO. My pussy is too small for you, you'll kill me. YOU'RE MY FUCKING NEPHEW AND I CAN'T FUCK YOU, IT JUST WRONG!"
CJ forced himself on her, "Fuck no; you're going to get it inside you Aunt Lisa." He rubbed it over her clit he said, "Don't worry Aunt Lisa; you're going to love this big cock and be begging for more later on."
I watched shocked as CJ started to penetrate his aunt with that tapered cock head. She threw her head back and screamed, "NOOOO! NOOOO! NOOOO! GOD NO! PLEASE STOP! DON'T PUT YOUR MONSTER COCK IN ME! YOU'RE FUCKING KILLING ME, I CAN'T TAKE IT."
I thought, oh my god what should I do, but I knew I could do nothing and my confusing arousal by this act on my wife had my cock rock hard. He started the penetration and the first 2" of his tapered cock went in easily. He was now trying to get the rest of the head in but it didn't fit. He kept putting more and more pressure on her opening and it was slowly going in and she was screaming in terrible pain during this ordeal which must have taken 5 minutes. The head finally went in with a popping sound and blood started to pour from her pussy and all over them. She stopped screaming after the head was in but blood was all over her pussy, his cock and was now dripping off his balls.
From her viewpoint, his monster cock was now at the opening of her pussy. She was telling him to stop but she was forced to spread her legs as wide as possible when he pushed his body between her legs. He was now rubbing his huge head on her slit and clit, getting it wet with her cum so he could penetrate her. The juices were really flowing out of her pussy. She started cumming again and the juices were squirting out of her cunt and all over his monster cock head. This was needed by her because both her pussy and his cock head needed plenty of lubrication for penetration to happen without killing her. She knew this cock was going to have trouble getting in because her husband need to go slow when he started penetrating her and he was wasn't even half the size of this monster in length and girth. After a minute of rubbing her pussy and clit with his cock head, he started to put it in, the cock head was pushing in, spreading the cunt lips until she thought they would split. The pain was unbearable and she thought he was going to split her in half. He was pushing hard and the head finally popped in along with a few inches of that monster cock. She never felt so relieved that he finally got the huge head in, it filled her and she felt relief and sudden warmth (caused by her bleeding profusely). It was painful but she also felt full like never before. There was cunt juice mixed with blood all over their crotches. The cunt juice was squirting out of her pussy mixing with blood pouring from her ripped cunt lips from the initial penetration. That cock head was just too big not to rip her pussy lips open.
"Oh God." she gasped over and over as the sounds from her mouth got softer and lower. CJ's cock was slowly making its way into her pussy. Her pussy was drenched with her cum and blood. He would push hard and it would go in a little at a time with cum and blood bubbling out of her each time he pushed. He was having a real hard time pushing it in. His monster head's girth was making it hard to get any farther up her cum and blood drenched cunt.
"That's it Aunt Lisa, that's it yeah take it Aunt Lisa." CJ spoke lovingly.
His aunt continued gasping and whimpering, "CJ no, no, no, take it out. You can't fuck your aunt. Please CJ, stop, please, stop, it's way too big for my pussy and I can't fuck my nephew, it's a sin. Look at what you're doing, I'm bleeding and I think I have to go to the hospital. You split me open when you pushed it in and I probably need stitches. It hurts so badly and if you care about me you'd take your cock out of me."
CJ wasn't listening and just kept pushing it in. After about 15 minutes of pushing and then waiting for her pussy to be ready for more I could see her cunt spread out wide as CJ's cock slid halfway in and out and I could see his cock glistening with her cunt juice and blood. CJ started fucking her fast and hard with half his cock. They both could feel the cum sloshing in her belly from the previous blow job as he was lying on top of her with his abdomen pressing on her belly as he fucked her hard. She was constantly burping up cum bubbles from the increased fucking and the pressure on her belly when he rammed into her and pressed his abdomen into her belly. They were both grunting and moaning and all of a sudden CJ cried out "I'M CUMMING IN YOUR PUSSY AUNT LISA! I'M CUMMING IN YOU."
His Aunt was shocked when he started to swell up in her pussy and she knew he was going to cum in her. She felt the first shot of his cum in her cunt. He didn't even ask if he could cum in her or take it out. That fucking bastard is going to get me pregnant! She cried out "CJ! NOOOOO! TAKE IT OUT! STOP CUMMING IN MY PUSSY YOU DISGUSTING PIG. TAKE IT OUT YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!"
He kept cumming and cumming, one shot after another and soon enough it was squirting out of her pussy. This went on for a couple of minutes as they both grunted and groaned. His Aunt was also cumming now; the combination of the monster cock and her nephew cumming in her sent her over the edge. CJ's cum was now all over both of them and they were lying in a puddle of cum and blood. I've never seen so much cum; it was everywhere.
They laid there for a few minutes with the only noise being Aunt Lisa's pussy making farting sounds as she was still cumming on his cock making his cum squirt out of her with each contraction.
Aunt Lisa finally stopped cumming and started to scream, "CJ, I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU FUCKED ME AND CAME INSIDE ME! YOU PROBABLY KNOCKED ME UP WITH ALL THE CUM YOU SHOT IN ME FROM YOUR MASSIVE BALLS. YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE! I'M COVERED IN YOUR CUM, I'M LYING IN A POOL OF OUR CUM AND MY BLOOD AND I'VE GOT ANOTHER LOAD OF YOUR CUM IN MY BELLY FROM YOU RAPING MY MOUTH AND THROAT! YOU RIPPED ME OPEN AND I'M BLEEDING LIKE A STUCK PIG AND I NEED TO GOTO THE HOSPITAL AND ALL YOU CAN THINK ABOUT IS RAPING MY CUNT YOU FUCKING PIG. THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN! IF YOU TELL ANYONE, I'LL CALL THE COPS AND YOU'LL BE IN JAIL FOR A LONG TIME. NOW GET YOUR FUCKING MOSTER COCK OUT OF MY CUNT AND GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE!"
CJ started to laugh and said "Aunt Lisa, I know I forced you but you've cum at least 5 times on my cock already. You won't call the cops because it's your word against mine and everybody would find out that your nephew fucked you."
She knew her bluff was called. She started to cry and CJ tried to comfort her. "Please don't cry Aunt Lisa; it's ok, it's ok." He was very gentle with her, wiping her tears and gently stroking her cum filled hair. He started to kiss her gently on her temples and moved to her neck. She was crying and telling her nephew over and over "CJ, please take it out; please take it out; please take it out." He then kissed her on the mouth and she didn't fight him. She was too tired and worn out to fight anymore. Over one hour of being raped had sapped all her energy. She felt him growing hard again inside her and she couldn't believe it. She resigned herself to getting fucked again. She wondered if he would get all of his cock in her before he came again. Her pussy felt much better after he came in her. The blood was not pouring out anymore and the cum lubricated her so she could now handle his monster cock without any pain.
CJ then warned her, "Aunt Lisa, get ready honey because I'm going to push it all the way in, I'm going all the way in baby."
Her hands were still on his chest but not resisting as much as CJ pulled almost all the way out of her and then drove his massive cock deep in her. He kept on pushing while she screamed at the top of her lungs "FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! IT'S SO BIG! I'M SO FULL! YOUR MONSTERCOCK IS INCREDIBLE! My pussy loves this but it's still rape."
She couldn't believe what it felt like being stuffed by this monster cock. Her pussy was constantly cumming again and she had never felt so full. He was now reaching a place that no cock had ever touched and her pussy was being forced open by his massive head. All the cum he had dumped in her a few minutes earlier helped him get it in deeper.
He stopped with about 9" inside of her because he reached the end of her pussy. He thought because she was older she could take all of his cock but now he knew that Uncle Jim was not that big. He didn't realize that his size was extremely rare as was his ability to cum for minutes because his balls were also enormous. He would have to slow down and take it easy until she again got accustomed to his monster cock. He wanted her to enjoy this so she would come back for more.
She was whimpering "CJ, please don't move for a minute. I'm begging you to hold still. I can't believe you reached the end of my pussy. I can actually feel you bumping against my cervix. Uncle Jim is not this big and the babies I delivered stretched my pussy but that was years ago. Your cock is the biggest cock I ever had by far so PLEASE don't fucking move."
They lay still for about 5 minutes and you could hear my wife's pussy making squishing sounds as she was constantly cumming on his cock again and their combined cum was bubbling out of her pussy and running down his balls and dripping into the pool of cum and blood they were lying in. Lisa finally said "CJ, start moving it again but don't go any deeper until I tell you and GO SLOW."
CJ said "Aunt Lisa, I think you're starting to like my cock in your pussy!"
She was starting to feel a huge orgasm coming and she pushed her pelvis up and forward to take more of his cock. Every girl I ever fucked always does this. It must be a basic biological response to get them pregnant, to get the cock in as deep as possible so the sperm can get to the egg.
Aunt Lisa screamed during her massive orgasm, "DO IT! GET THAT FUCKING COCK ALL THE WAY IN ME! NOW!"
CJ pulled back a few inches and then shoved it in as hard as he could. He kept on pushing while she screamed "PUSH IT HARDER! PUSH! GET THAT FUCKING COCK ALL THE WAY IN!"
CJ kept on pushing and he felt her open up and the rest of his cock went in. He could actually hear her cervix open up with a ripping noise. He couldn't believe he was through her cervix and in her womb. He had at least 4" of his cock in her womb! The tip of his cock was pushing against the back wall of her womb.
Lisa felt her cervix opening and could also HEAR it tearing open. It hurt but the pleasure of her nephew's monster cock in her was overriding the pain. She finally felt his huge ball sac resting on her asshole. She had finally taken all of his monster cock and part of it was in her womb. She could feel it pushing against what must have been the back of her womb. She was constantly cumming again. She looked at the clock and she figured it had taken an hour to get all of his cock in her. She couldn't believe that 1 hour ago her nephew started raping her with his monster cock in her pussy and now she was a willing partner.
I watched in amazement as the rest of my nephew's massive cock disappeared in my wife's cunt. It was the hottest thing I ever saw. She had a cock the size of my arm in her. I could actually see a bump in her abdomen that must have been the head of his cock. The large bump was above her belly button!
CJ kept still for a few minutes letting her get used to him all the way in her. He couldn't believe how tight she was, especially how his big sensitive cock head felt when it passed through her tight cervical ring and into her womb. It was like he was fucking 2 pussies; the second one tighter than the first. He could feel her start to move on his cock and he knew that she was now ready to be thoroughly fucked. He pulled out until his head was almost out and pushed it back in. It took about a minute to slide out and another minute to get it all the way back in because she was so tight and he didn't want to hurt her. You could actually see her belly moving from the monster cock. The bulge would move from the beginning of her love canal to all the way up past her belly button. I've never seen anything like it in my life.
She was going wild like she always does when she cums and was now fucking him back wildly. I love it when she does this with me so I knew that CJ was having the time of his life.
My wife was saying "Fuck me CJ, Fuck me CJ, I love you and love your cock. I've never been fucked like this. I can't believe how good you are. I love it when you pull it out all the way and jam it back in my womb. Fuck me CJ, please fuck me hard."
CJ then started to pound his aunt's cunt hard driving her ass into the bed; his cock had her cunt so spread out. I could hear the wet noises coming from my wife's cunt as CJ destroyed my wife's cunt to where, as I know now have never felt the same. As he continued to fuck the hell out of her, I noticed her hands had moved to his ass cheeks. It looked very erotic how her hands grasped at his ass pulling on him.
CJ was talking to her now, "Oh fuck Aunt Lisa; your pussy is unbelievable; damn you're so wet. You're so sexy and beautiful."
Lisa was moaning, "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God."
CJ spoke softly to her, "Does that feel good Aunt Lisa, you like that?"
She moaned "yes oh yes, yes, yes, yes, yes."
I could not believe what I was hearing. My beautiful loving wife, the mother of my children was on her back under her nephew getting the hell fucked out of her and she was now telling him how good it was.
CJ was fucking her harder now as his big balls bounced off of her ass. His aunt started to moan louder and louder, I could tell she was fixing to climax again. Her hips rose off the bed, she pushed her hips upwards hard into CJ's cock and pelvis.
CJ told her, "tell me how you love this big cock Aunt Lisa."
Lisa moaned and whimpered, "Oh god baby oh god yes I love your big cock, yes, yes baby, yes."
"Is that cock big enough for you Aunt Lisa?"
"Oh god you are huge oh you feel so good deep in me, oh yes baby.... I've never been fucked like this before." She was cumming constantly now, "OH GAWWDDD OH GAWWDDD OHHHH BABBBBYY OH BABBBY YES, YES, YES!" Cunt juice mixed with his cum was squirting out of her again and drenching both their crotches again. It was amazing to watch all the cum that was squirting out all over them and dripping into the pool of cum on the bed. The pungent smell of sex was hitting me even though I was outside the window.
CJ started grunting and driving hard into his aunt, I knew he was fixing to cum again.
My wife is not using birth control and I was wondering if she'd let him cum in her again. His cock was in past her cervix and in her womb and she'd definitely get pregnant.
Lisa also knew he was getting ready to cum and said "CJ, don't cum in me, your cock is past my cervix and in my womb and I'll get pregnant." While she said this she grabbed his ass and held him in her and spread her legs as wide as possible. Did she unconsciously want him to knock her up? She clearly was trying to get his cock in as deep as possible and she knew he was getting ready to cum.
CJ begged "Aunt Lisa, please let me cum in you. I love you so much. I want to feel me cumming in your womb one time... please Aunt Lisa... please."
I knew that CJ wasn't going to pull it out not matter what his aunt said. He was raping her! A rapist doesn't ask, they take but he wanted her to go all the way with him on her own.
I could tell my wife was thinking it over. She was weighing getting pregnant versus feeling cum being blasted into her womb by her raping nephew. She already had a big load dumped in her pussy and might already be pregnant.
My wife told her nephew "No CJ, pull it out or you'll knock me up!" She started to try and push him off but it was useless.
"Oh fuck oh fuck damn baby I'ME CUMMING AAAHHHHHH."
I watched as CJ came in my wife's cunt again. He was in all the way in, pumping his seed in her womb. I actually could see his balls spasm while he dumped his seed in her. It went on for over 2 minutes. I couldn't believe anybody could cum for that long; he came 3 times in less than 2 hours and was still able to cum for minutes. He must have dumped a pint in her womb. Her lower abdomen was now actually starting to swell from all the cum being dumped in her womb!
From Lisa's point of view, she felt his monster cock swell even more. She was constantly cumming again. Her pussy was gripping the cock constantly. She never knew it could be like this and never wanted it to stop but she was fighting to get his cock out of her womb. She knew that his cumming in her womb would knock her up. She felt the first shot of cum hit the back of her womb, it was the hottest thing she ever felt. She felt another shot. Oh my God! She came again, the biggest orgasm of her life. She was milking his sperm out to knock her up. It was the hottest thing ever, her nephew cumming in her womb. She couldn't believe how many shots of cum were blasting into the back of her womb. She could feel herself filling up; her lower abdomen was starting to swell. She now had a belly swollen with cum and now her womb was getting the same treatment. She could feel the hot cum sloshing around in her stomach and womb. He finally stopped shooting cum in her after a few minutes. She was in shock from cumming for at least 10 minutes straight and knowing that her nephew just dropped a load in her womb and she was going to be pregnant.
CJ stayed in her pussy while they talked about what just happened.
My wife said "CJ, I told you not to cum in me, you raped me and you probably knocked me up. I can feel about a pint of cum in my womb. My belly is swollen with your cum and now my womb is also."
I couldn't believe it, her belly was still swollen with cum and now her lower abdomen was also swollen with his cum and I could actually see it. I've never seen anything like it. No cum was leaking from her womb because his shrinking cock was still big enough to plug her cervix. Her cervix was starting to close up and most of her nephew's cum would be left in there. A pint of cum locked in her womb would definitely do the job. She was going to have my nephew's child.
CJ says "Aunt Lisa, I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself. I love you and you're the most beautiful women in the world."
His aunt responds "It was wrong of you to rape me. That was the best fuck I ever had but we can never do this again. It was rape! You fucking raped you aunt!"
CJ says "What about Uncle Jim?"
Aunt Lisa says "we were just going to start trying for a baby so I going to fuck him (if I can) until his cock falls off. That way, no one will ever know who's the father is. He'll never know it wasn't his. I love him dearly and would never hurt him. You forced me and then I lost control. It will never happen again."
They stop talking and the only thing you can hear was the sound of my wife's pussy making squishing sounds as her pussy still was contracting around his cock and their cum was dripping out of her well fucked cunt. They were both moaning now, no doubt caused by her cumming on his cock over and over.
CJ whispers to his aunt, "Aunt Lisa, I'm getting hard again."
Aunt Lisa says "CJ, we're can't, it's over."
CJ begs, "Please Aunt Lisa, just one last time. I'll never be back in your cunt so please let me fuck you one more time."
They are both moving their groins again and after a few minutes his aunt screams with another major orgasm and then finally passes out from the rape that was now going on two hours.
CJ tried to wake her up but she was out cold. He kept on raping her like a rag doll while she was passing in and out of consciousness over the next 2 hours. He knew he has plenty of time to rape her because she was home alone until the kids came home from school. He dumped 3 more loads into her womb and then pulled out and lay next to her. He had been raping her for about 4 hours and he was finally spent. He had dumped 5 loads of cum in her pussy (4 in her womb) and 1 load in her belly. Her body gave out half way through and she could barely remember the last 2 hours of his assault.
I walked away and went back to my car. I called about 10 minutes later saying I would be home in an hour. I wanted to catch her before she could clean up. I saw CJ leaving about 5 minutes later and then waited 1 minute and drove in. I quickly went to the bedroom and quietly made my way in and saw my wife still lying on the bed in a pool of cum and blood. I could see that she looked thoroughly fucked. She had cum all over her. I could see her belly was slightly swollen but her abdomen was really swollen now. She looked about 3-4 months pregnant now but it was 2 separate bumps with the lower bump much bigger. Her tits had hickeys all over them and her nipples were red, swollen and hard. Her legs were spread wide open and her pussy lips were red, raw and extended and her clit was sticking out at least 2 inches. I could actually see up her pussy to her cervix because it was so wide open. Her pussy walls and cervix were red and raw and both having a spasm every few seconds. You could actually see the cervix open slightly with each spasm. A small spurt of man cum was spurting out of her cervix into her pussy with each contraction. The cum was pouring from her pussy. You could see the cum was also mixed with blood. It was clear there was a lot of damage to her pussy, cervix and maybe even her womb. The room reeked of sex and the bed was a pool of cum and blood.
I walked over to her and shook her awake. She screamed loudly and I asked her what happened and she started to cry. I repeated "WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED HERE! You look like you've been gangbanged by 50 guys by the shape of your pussy and all the cum that seems to be in you. You're covered in cum from head to toe. There's cum dripping from your nose. The room reeks of sex and you're lying in a pool of cum and blood. WHAT THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN DOING."
She was crying hard now and said to me "I WAS RAPED! RAPED! I couldn't stop him! He had a monster cock that cums forever. He fucked my mouth and throat and shot a huge load of cum in my belly. Feel my belly, it's swollen and the cum is sloshing around in there." I felt her belly and it shook like jelly. I could actually feel the cum sloshing around in her belly. I pushed a little harder and she burped and a cum bubble came from her mouth. "Then he raped my pussy. I'm bleeding from the penetration, he ripped me open and I'll never be the same down there. I think I might have to go to the hospital. It hurts so fucking bad but the bleeding has really slowed down. The blood was squirting everywhere when he ripped me open. He didn't care about ripping me open and started to really fuck me hard and came in my pussy the first time when he only had half his cock in me and it took forever for him to get it that far. I fought him hard until them but then I just gave up. I didn't have anything left to fight him. He started to fuck me again and got the whole cock in me. It's as big as your arm and the head is like your fist. He RAPED me with it and he got through my cervix and into my womb. He came in there and filled it up. Feel it, same thing as my belly except way more." I could feel it, it was a much higher bump than the belly was and it was harder, not so jelly like. I pushed down on the bump and the cum started to spray out of her cervix and shoot out of her pussy. She moaned and told me to stop. It hurt more when I pushed so I stopped. "Then he wanted to fuck again and I finally passed out. I think he raped me for a few more hours and shot a few more loads in my womb. He left right after you called and the next thing I know is you waking me up. I must have passed out again from the 4 hour rape."
I asked her, "WHO WAS IT?"
She didn't answer me, she looked down and wouldn't look at me.
I yelled at her, "WHO WAS IT?"
She started to cry and said "It was CJ. He raped me and probably knocked me up."
I asked her, "What do you want me to do about this?"
She thought about it for a minute and said "There's nothing we can do. He's stronger than you so you can't kick his raping ass and I don't want you to shoot him. It will be a scandal if we call the police. I just can never be alone with him ever. He'll force me again and I won't be able to stop him."
She was burping cum bubbles for the next day and her breath smelled like man cum but her belly went down quickly. She didn't eat for the rest of the day because she felt so full. She was still leaking his cum out from her pussy for days and her abdomen didn't completely go down for a week. We had to go to the hospital and she received 15 stitches to close up her torn pussy. The doctor said he never saw damage like this before and asked her if she wanted him to drain the cum from her womb and she said no. He said that she would never be the same down there. She would heal and could have sex again in 2 months but had to stay away from this large cock for an additional month. He also told her that she would now be able to handle a cock of this size with no more damage.
About 2 months later, we saw CJ at a family party and everybody acted as normal as possible. Only the three of us knew about the rape and we wanted to keep it that way. My wife finally pulled him out of the party and into the bedroom. I followed a few seconds later to try to hear them.
My wife said to CJ "I'm pregnant."
He smiled and asked "Is it mine?"
My wife said, "Yes, your Uncle Jim hasn't been able to fuck me because of all the damage."
CJ moved to my wife and hugged her. She brought her knee up and slammed in into his massive balls. She stepped away and slapped him and said "THAT'S FOR RAPING ME YOU ASSHOLE!" He doubled over in pain and looked up at her.
CJ was shocked, he thought Aunt Lisa loved him and would let him fuck her in the future.
Aunt Lisa continued "you better keep quiet about all this. I don't want anybody to know that you had your way with me and I had your baby. I'm going to raise your baby and I expect a lot of help from you and DON'T EVER TOUCH ME AGAIN OR I'LL KILL YOU." Aunt Lisa felt her pussy starting to get wet as she remembered what he did to her before. She ran from the room scared about the reaction from her pussy. What the fuck was wrong with her? Her problem was trying to bury the memory of the attack which was the best sexual experience of her life. Her body, especially her pussy never reached levels of pleasure like that before. Her mind was trying to forget it but her pussy couldn't. She never could admit to herself let alone her husband how incredible the sex actually was with her nephew. Now she was worried about losing control of her mind to her pussy and what the consequences would be if this happened.
CJ mind was already racing to a time when he would be alone with her again. He knew she was all talk and he could force her just like last time and there would be no consequences.
To be continued...
