ADULTS ONLY: The following story contains sexual content and descriptions. If you are under 18, or if you live in a community where the reading of such material is illegal, please do not continue.
* * * * *
The invitation arrived with the mail on Tuesday. At first Beth dismissed it, thinking it was another credit card offer. But just as the attractive young housewife was about to toss the envelope in the trash, something about it caught her attention -- there was no stamp. The expensive black envelope also had no return address; it simply was a glossy black envelope with an embossed gold label reading: 'Mr. & Mrs. Robert West. . .Confidential'.
Now curious, Beth put the other mail down and carefully opened the thick flap and removed the heavy gold-embossed card. She turned it over looking for any signs of familiarity or recognition about the sender before she slowly read the cursive message:
'You have been recommended by a close, but anonymous, personal acquaintance to receive this invitation to attend a very exclusive private party. The occasion cannot be discussed at this time. . .except to assure you that any concern or reservation you may have about the legitimacy of this greeting is unwarranted. This is no gimmick or advertisement. Similarly, any and all expectations you might have about the evening will surely be exceeded. In many respects, this invitation represents the most intimate of opportunities for you as husband and wife. The party will be held the First Day of May at 8:00 p.m. sharp. Dress is semiformal. Due to the exclusive nature of this invitation, your immediate attention is critical. Please RSVP to the phone number below at your earliest convenience. You will be given additional details at that time. I look forward to the pleasure of your company. Regards, Your Host'
How mysterious, Beth thought. She turned the card over again a few times trying to find any clues about its origin, but there was nothing. Finally she sighed and put the invitation aside with the intention of discussing it with her husband when he arrived home from work.
Bob and Beth West enjoyed a typical, upper middle-class lifestyle in the suburbs. Both in their thirties, the couple was attractive and outgoing. Beth enjoyed her role as full-time homemaker and mother of two beautiful daughters. Bob's career as an investment advisor was just starting to take off. And while the family was not wealthy yet, they were certainly very comfortable in their handsome, upscale home in a quiet neighborhood with many families of similar background.
The Wests were friendly and fairly social; but since the girls came along, Bob and Beth remained at home with their kids more often than not -- only occasionally going out with a small circle of friends. . .or a rare husband and wife date. In fact, life had settled into a sort of vanilla-flavored routine without much variation. It's not something that Beth or Bob really noticed or even minded. But, every once-in-a-while, both entertained secret fleeting thoughts that perhaps it would be nice to spice things up a little.
Even in the bedroom the relationship was normal and satisfactory for the married couple. They made love regularly -- usually on the weekends -- and they both shared devotion and affection for each other. There had never been any major problems or obstacles in the marriage, so there had never been any reason for either to consider infidelity. Still, if you were to ask Bob and Beth to be honest and direct, both would admit that something was missing in their lives -- something that neither of them could really identify or explain.
"I have no clue what this is about," Bob said as he looked over the invitation that evening. "Probably some sales or real estate trap. . .or maybe one of those Amway things. But, no postmark or return address, huh? That's strange."
"I know. . ." Beth agreed. "It was in the mailbox with the other mail, though. You think somebody hand-delivered it?"
"Probably. . .I dunno. What do you think? Guess it wouldn't hurt to at least call and find out what the deal is. I'd like to find out who sent it."
Beth had been thinking about the card on and off all day. The possibility that the invitation was legitimate had certainly crossed her mind; and, quite honestly, the idea was exciting. It had been ages since they'd attended a real party. An elegant, "exclusive" gathering they could dress up for might be just what the doctor ordered. "Sure, might as well see what it's about. . ." she finally said.
Bob dialed the number and a deep male voice immediately answered, "Yes. . .?"
"This is Bob West. . .I received an invitation in my mailbox for a party, and. . ."
"Yes, of course Mr. West," the voice cut him off. "Thank you for your quick response. We sincerely hope you and your wife do not have any conflicts that evening. May I confirm your attendance?"
"Hold up!" Bob shot back, slightly annoyed. "I have a few questions. What is all this about? Who are you and how did you get my name? You should know up front that we are not interested in any sales pitches or time-share opportunities. . ."
"I assure you, Mr. West, that the festivities have absolutely nothing to do with sales or marketing. In fact, nothing will be required of you other than your presence. The pleasure of your company is all that is expected. This is a very exclusive party that you and your wife have been specifically recommended for and invited to attend. You should feel privileged. I'm confident you will thoroughly enjoy the evening."
"Who are you and who recommended us?"
"I'm afraid that information is confidential, to protect the valued privacy of our guests. I can only say that it is someone you trust."
"I don't like surprises. . ." Bob said sharply. "This all sounds a little strange."
"I understand your trepidation, Mr. West. Please understand that you have nothing to be concerned about. This will be a most enjoyable evening for both or you. . .perhaps the most unique and entertaining experience you will ever have. Now, may I confirm your reservation?"
"Hang on a sec. . ." Bob placed his hand over the mouthpiece and looked over at his wife who had been listening carefully to his side of the conversation. "He says it's all legit and that we'll have a great time. But he won't say who he is or why we were picked to go. I dunno. . .what do you think?"
"Sounds kind of creepy. . .but also sort of intriguing, you know? I guess we could always leave if it's bogus," Beth said thoughtfully. "What do we have to lose?"
Bob considered it for a moment, then uncovered the phone. "Yeah, OK, we'll RSVP. But this better not be a put on. When is it again?"
"May the First at 8 p.m. And may I congratulate you both on your decision. Drinks and dinner will be served, followed by entertainment. Please be prompt. As the invitation suggests, the dress is semiformal. Do you have something to take down the location?"
"Yeah. . .hang on. OK, go ahead."
"The address is 1591 Peacock Way. Are you familiar with the area?"
Bob immediately recognized a very affluent section of their community. He did have several acquaintances and clients who lived there. "All right, I know where that is."
"Good. When you arrive, you will be asked for a password. This is simply to insure privacy and to prevent admittance to any uninvited guests. The password is 'Royal'. Please do not share the information -- the password or the address -- with anyone. Is this completely understood and agreeable to you?"
"Yes. . .I think so," Bob answered -- a million thoughts swirling in his head. He was still suspicious.
"Fine," said the voice. "You will be pleased you attended. You and your wife will have a wonderful experience. Again, we look forward to the pleasure of your company. Good evening." The line went dead.
Bob and Beth discussed the strange events for a long time. Bob was still fairly convinced that the whole thing was some kind of scam. While Beth shared her husband's hesitancy, she also allowed herself to privately think about the excitement of a lavish night out. It sounded fun and exotic, and she was already making plans to shop for a new outfit.
Everyday life took over and the couple all but forgot about the party. Beth did manage to schedule a babysitter and slip out one day to buy a slinky cocktail dress and a few accessories. When the day finally arrived, the young housewife splurged on a full make over at an upscale spa and salon. She emerged feeling refreshed and pretty -- her hair and makeup were styled to perfection and she felt exhilarated about the evening to come.
Bob had been doing some half-hearted investigation about the party, trying to discover anything about who had sent the invitation or which of their friends had recommended them. But he was drawing a blank; nobody knew about it, and finally he resigned himself to the fact that he would just have to find out what was going on when he got there.
Later that evening, Beth stood in front of a full-length mirror getting ready. She had picked up some new under things at Victoria's Secret -- a black satin thong-panty and bra set -- which she admired on her petite, trim body. Beth was indeed a beauty: 5'4" with raven-colored hair cut in a cute page-boy style with soft curls turned under at the ends to frame her pretty face. Tonight her hair was swept up behind her ears to her favorite antique comb clip, then cascading down in a fall past her slender neck to her shoulders. Her eyes were smoldering green and fiery. At 34, Beth kept herself in fantastic shape with lots of exercise and a sensible diet. She had fresh, soft features that made her face look much younger than her years -- almost girlish; yet her figure was alluring and womanly with high, firm breasts that strained against the encasement of the shiny bra. Her stomach was flat and tight, and her naturally olive skin glowed with an almost perpetual tan.
Bob came into the bedroom from the shower and couldn't help feeling like a lucky man. He lustfully admired his wife's gorgeous features as she dressed -- gazing at the twin globes of her taut, round bottom just as she slid her tiny black dress down and over her hips. The dress was tastefully short and showed off her silky-smooth legs with no need for pantyhose. She looked back over her shoulder at him and smiled seductively. "You like?"
"Yeah. . .something new?"
"Oh. . .just some old rag I found," she giggled. "Not too expensive."
"Right. . ." he snickered, knowing very well his wife's expensive taste. "Well, you'd look fabulous in Goodwill stuff."
"Sir. . .flattery will get you everywhere!" she laughed as she completed her outfit with a short little sequined black jacket.
After giving the babysitter some final instructions, Bob and Beth headed out to find the address. Soon they were winding through the lush landscaping and manicured lawns of the city's most exclusive area. The gates and walls got higher and the impressive homes got bigger the farther they traveled up Peacock Way. Finally they found 1591. The sun was setting as they turned through a magnificent iron gate onto a long paved driveway. Slowly they passed the immense grounds of the estate with giant trees, football- field-sized lawns, and almost every kind of flowers, hedges, and shrubbery imaginable.
At the end of the driveway was a truly astonishing house that almost looked like a hotel. The architecture was superb. Outdoor spotlights were already casting a soft glow to the giant structure, and a monstrous chandelier hung inside a mammoth archway that served as the entrance. A large fountain was positioned directly in front of the house, and there was a circular gravel drive around the fountain forming the parking area. Several expensive cars were already positioned there and a uniformed parking valet waited for Bob and Beth to stop in front of him. "I've seen better. . ." Bob joked, but the couple couldn't help being impressed by the residence.
After giving the keys to the courteous attendant, Bob and his wife made their way up the long walkway to the gigantic front door. Before they could knock, the door swung open and a handsome young man wearing what looked to like a butler's uniform greeted them with a pleasant smile. "Good evening, Mr. and Mrs.'W', may I have the password please?"
Beth and Bob were shocked that this stranger seemed to know them. . .at least by their initial. Bob stared straight into the man's deep blue eyes as if to size him up for a moment. "Royal," he finally said firmly.
"Very good. . .thank you. Please follow me." The man led them into the house and down a long, dimly lit corridor. The Wests followed close behind -- gazing at the many fine and expensive furnishings and decor of the mansion. At last they came to a large room that was obviously the library. Each of the walls were stacked from the floor to the high ceiling with a myriad of books neatly arranged in tall oak shelves. Spread throughout the center of the room were groupings of overstuffed leather chairs and couches for lounging and reading. It was quite a comfortable and inviting room.
Several couples were already mingling and chatting softly. A small staff of waiters served cocktails and hors d'oeuvres. Bob immediately scanned the gathering to see if he recognized anyone. All of the guests looked very similar in age; they all seemed to be in their mid-thirties, married, attractive, and well-off. There were three or four couples. . .then Bob suddenly spotted someone he knew; it was Dan -- a stockbroker friend he often played racquetball with. Dan saw him too and waved with a smile.
But before Bob and Beth could move over to their friend, the butler was in front of them again holding two jewelry boxes. "A gift from your host. Please put these on and wear them throughout the evening. It is like an identification badge. One of the house rules asks guests not to refer to each other by their given names, but instead to use only initials. . .for privacy. I trust you will respect this simple request."
Again something strange and mysterious. Bob and Beth glanced at each other questioningly as they opened the boxes. Inside were golden medallions engraved with the initials of their first names: 'B'. The finely-crafted disks were attached to satin ribbons to hang around the neck. Bob's ribbon was purple and Beth's was pink. They put the pendants on and made their way toward Dan, or 'D' as his medallion identified him.
"Welcome, welcome!" he exclaimed, smiling broadly. "I'm so glad you could make it. I've been looking forward to this for a long time." D gave both of them a warm hug. "You remember my wife, 'M'. . ."
The couples exchanged greetings and hugs. "What's this all about?" Bob finally asked. "Who's house is this?"
"I'm afraid I can't tell you, buddy. . ." D said, "But you and your wife are in for one helluva great time tonight. You don't have any idea how hard it is to even be considered for one of these things. I had to pull some serious strings."
"Thanks, I guess. But damn. . .I have so many questions. Who are these people? Bob asked, still confused. "And why is everybody so protective of their privacy? I mean, this only using people's initials thing is a little bizarre."
"Trust me," D chuckled. "All your questions will be answered soon. In the meantime, just relax and enjoy yourselves. Get to know the other guests. Amazing place, huh? You have to admit this is probably not what you were expecting."
"We didn't know what to expect. . ." Beth piped up. "But I certainly agree with you. This place is amazing."
"You haven't seen anything yet! Enjoy yourselves. . .we'll keep an eye out for you." D grinned and his wife winked at Bob as the couple moved off to visit with some of the other guests.
Bob watched them go, secretly enjoying the way Dan's wife looked in her shiny gold dress. Truth be known, Bob had always considered Mandy to be a "looker"; she was taller than Beth, probably 5-7, with long blonde hair and piercing blue eyes that seemed to be teasing him whenever they spoke. M had a fantastic figure with big, full breasts and a shapely ass that undulated seductively in her tight gown as she moved away. Bob watched her go until Beth noticed where he was gazing and punched him playfully on the shoulder.
There were only two other couples in the room. Soon Bob and Beth met and visited briefly with both. 'S' was a big, ruggedly- handsome man who looked like a former football player. Rock- solid from head to toe, he shook Bob's hand firmly then surprised Beth by taking her small hand in his huge paw and kissing it lightly. His hazel eyes stared deep into hers as he smiled warmly. Beth liked his friendly, relaxed manner instantly and couldn't help fixing her gaze on him as he introduced his wife, 'T', a lovely, tall redhead. Bob and T chatted for a few minutes, while S turned his attention back to Beth.
"So, this is your first time here, huh? I'm so glad you came," S said smoothly; everything about him seemed to smile at Beth. She liked the way the soft tan-lines around his eyes wrinkled slightly when he laughed. There was a slight touch of grey at the sides of his full head of sandy-colored hair, but it just made him look that much more distinguished and attractive, Beth thought. He really was a good looking man.
"Yes, we are still kind of trying to figure out how we got here," she answered. "It's all kind of mysterious, isn't it? Do you know the hosts?"
S laughed with delight. "I'm not sure any of us really know each other very well. We've been to one or two of these parties, but, like you said. . .it's all rather mysterious. That's what makes it all so exciting. Don't you agree?"
"I suppose, yes, I guess it is kind of exciting. I'm looking forward to finding out what else will happen," Beth admitted.
"So am I. . ." said S softly, gazing at her again in a way that almost made her knees weak.
The other couple was 'J' and 'V', a black husband and wife. Like the others at the party they looked like they were in their thirties and very attractive -- almost exotic looking. Bob and Beth soon discovered that it was this couple's first time here too -- and they were as mystified as the Wests. J, the husband, was also very solidly built and fairly tall -- perhaps 6'5". Bob thought he must be a former athlete as well. J's wife, V, was voluptuous in every sense of the word. She wore a beautiful multi-colored dress made from a gauzy material that almost looked like scarves tied together; it accentuated her generous curves extremely well, and she caught the eye of every man in the room as she moved gracefully about.
After about 30 minutes -- when the couples had a chance to introduce themselves and sample some of the excellent champagne and appetizers -- a man Beth and Bob had not seen before stepped quietly into the library. He was large, muscular, completely bald, and he was wearing a uniform similar to the butler who had met them at the door. The man moved to the middle of the small group and rang a little bell to get their attention.
"Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of your host, may I offer you warmest greetings and appreciation for attending the party. My name is Mr. Kensington. I have been asked to represent the owner of the estate who sends his deepest regret that he is not able to join you personally tonight. But I have been instructed to extend to you, his dear guests, every courtesy and to provide for your every need while you are with us. Some of you are here for the first time. To you in particular we extend our warmest greetings and sincere wish that you will enjoy a most memorable evening.
In a few moments dinner will be served in the dining room next door. Afterwards, some very special entertainment has been arranged for you in the ballroom. Prior to that, however, I will have some additional information and instructions to share with you. As you enjoy dinner, please remember to respect the request to use only the initials on your medallions as you visit with and refer to one another. Thank you for your cooperation. And now, ladies and gentlemen, dinner is served. . ."
They were ushered into a spacious and ornate dining room where the large table was already set with the first course of a feast that included a vast array of delicious and incredible dishes served by an attentive and courteous staff. The group was seated by their initials at reserved places that separated spouses from each other in order to allow the couples to mix more freely and continue to become acquainted. Beth and Bob were almost at opposite ends of the massive table, but they caught each other's eye occasionally and silently acknowledged that the food and the company were completely enjoyable. Beth was secretly thrilled that she had been seated next to 'S'; the handsome broad-shouldered man chatted and laughed with her throughout the meal -- making her feel almost as giddy as a schoolgirl.
As they were finishing a delicious dessert, Mr. Kensington appeared at the head of the table and rang his bell again. "I trust that you have enjoyed your meal. Has everything been satisfactory?" Everyone around the table glanced at each other smiling and nodding with approval; the meal was indeed excellent.
"Fine. . ." Kensington continued, "Now, as I mentioned earlier, I have some additional instructions to share with you before we present the evening's entertainment. Those of you who are first- time guests will want to pay particular attention. You will be escorted into the ballroom where you will be seated together as husband and wife couples. When the entertainment begins, you will kindly stay in your assigned seats until the chime sounds. Ladies, when you hear the chime, please move to the next seating area to your left. . .then continue to move to your left to the next area each time the chime sounds. Gentlemen, please remain seated where you are throughout the performance.
For our new guests, the purpose of this rotating method of seating is to encourage you to become better acquainted with one another. Hopefully you have all had the chance to become familiar enough to enjoy the company of whomever you happen to be seated with.
You will likely find the entertainment stimulating. Feel free to react naturally to what you will see and hear. However, if you feel uncomfortable at any time, please do not hesitate to excuse yourself and leave the room. We would also ask that you respect unconditionally the wishes or the concerns of the other guests. No one shall be required to participate in anything against their will. Is this clearly understood?"
Again the couples looked around at each other and nodded, but this time not quite so enthusiastically. Bob and Beth glanced nervously at each other, as did 'J' and 'V'. They all had similar thoughts about the strange nature of these instructions -- especially the idea of "stimulating" entertainment and the possibility that someone may be "uncomfortable" with what was going to happen. All this, coupled with the protected identity of the guests and the mystery surrounding their absent host, made this all seem very surreal. But the other couples who had been there before seemed comfortable with what was happening, so the two "new" couples shrugged and nodded slightly in agreement.
"Very good," Kensington smiled with satisfaction. "Now, if you will follow me to the ballroom."
They made their way down the hallway they had entered through and came to a large set of double doors that opened into a modest-sized room that really looked nothing like a ballroom. The room was furnished and decorated splendidly, like the rest of the mansion, but instead of the expected wooden dance floor there was thick, luxurious wall-to-wall carpet. Soft music was playing from unseen speakers somewhere, and an amazing assortment of candles flickered everywhere -- providing the only light and casting interesting shadows on every surface.
In the center of the room was a circular platform or stage -- perhaps two-feet high and ten-feet across -- surrounded floor to ceiling by a closed black velvet curtain. The couples were seated with their mates in four comfortable black-leather love seats positioned closely around the stage in exact North, South, East, and West points facing the curtain.
When everyone was seated, Kensington stepped back to the doorway and rang his bell one more time. "Ladies and gentlemen, please remember the instructions I gave to you earlier. And now, honored guests, we present for your enjoyment. . .The Newlyweds."
As Kensington stepped back through the doors and closed them behind him, the volume of the pleasant classical music increased and the curtain began to rise. Spotlights rigged above the stage faded up and brightly revealed a king-size bed. As the curtain continued to move upward they saw a pair of shiny black shoes -- then tuxedo trousers -- and finally a young man seated in a chair by the bed. When the curtain stopped rising the group could also see a lovely young woman seated with her legs curled under her on the bed; she was wearing a beautiful white wedding dress and veil.
The newlywed couple was young -- perhaps 19 or 20 -- and they were radiant. He was extremely fit and handsome with dazzling blue eyes, stylish blonde hair, tan complexion, and an eager, confident smile. Each of the women in the room felt immediately attracted to him.
The bride was just as fresh and alluring. Her long dark hair hung almost to her waist and it contrasted vividly with the brightness of her gown. She reached up and pulled the veil back over her head to reveal the face of an angel -- bright eyes flashing with excitement; full, pouting red lips framing perfect teeth; high cheek bones and cute little dimples flushed with excitement. She gazed longingly at her new husband as her generous, swelling breasts rose and fell noticeably within the confines of her lacy bodice.
As the party guests watched with fascination, the young girl moved gracefully off the bed and stood before the groom. Slowly she began to move her hips back and forth to the music as she took off the veil completely and tossed it on the bed. Then she removed her long white gloves slowly, one at a time, to start what was the beginning of an obvious strip tease. While she continued to sway her shapely hips, she reached back and grasped the zipper of her dress; unhooking it, she turned her back to her new husband and teasingly drew it down.
The young man slumped down in his chair slightly -- still grinning from ear to ear. A noticeable bulge was growing in the front of his pants; again something none of the women in the room failed to notice. He watched in a happy daze as the pretty bride continued to dance and strip.
Soon the top of her dress was down around her slender waist revealing the sexy white lingerie underneath. With a giggle, she pushed the dress the rest of the way down and stepped out of it along with several layers of petticoat slips. Now the lovely young girl was dressed only in a shiny white camisole -- showing off her enticing cleavage, high-cut satin panties with the dark triangle shadow of her trim bush clearly visible beneath, and a matching lace garter holding up her sleek white stockings.
Still dancing seductively, the bride kicked off her shoes and moved closer to the young man. While he watched her every move, she slowly sank to her knees between his now wide-spread legs. Smiling up at him, she reached out with her dainty hand and ran it up along his thigh until she brushed against the now straining erection in his pants. Everyone in the room held their breath as she traced the outline of his impressive manhood with her fingers -- gripping and milking it lightly. A soft groan escaped the back of his throat.
Beth sat watching as if hypnotized. She couldn't tear her eyes away from the provocative scene right in front of her. Never in her life had she experienced anything like this. Of course she and Bob both had seen to some pretty steamy soft core movies on cable TV, but certainly nothing that compared to the raw emotion of watching two people being intimate with each other in front of a live audience.
Beth didn't know how to react. Her conservative religious upbringing should make her feel guilty and offended by what she was watching, but she knew that wasn't the case. She held her husband's hand tightly -- squeezing it in involuntary response to each exciting tingle that shot through her aroused body. Yes, that was it. . .more than anything else, Beth realized she was highly aroused by what she was seeing. She was already beginning to feel damp between her legs, and she crossed and uncrossed her soft thighs -- pressing them together in a reflexive effort to intensify the electrifying pleasure she was feeling.
Bob was having a hard time too -- literally. His cock was trying to break free from the confines of his underwear and trousers. With all of the suspicions he had about this party, he certainly hadn't expected anything like this. He sensed his wife fidgeting next to him as he watched the beautiful young bride on stage slowly unzipping the groom's fly. Both Bob and Beth shuddered when the girl reached into the opening and withdrew the young man's naked, throbbing penis. It was a huge fleshy column in her tiny fist. The purple helmet-shaped head seemed to be swollen and glistening in the intense lights.
Slowly the bride began to pump up and down on his shaft. The young man groaned in appreciation -- throwing his head back and closing his eyes. A contented smile played across his lips. In response, the girl leaned forward and lightly kissed the slick, bulbous head of his engorged cock. Her bright red lipstick left a slight smudge on his meat as she leaned back and licked her lips as if sampling the taste of him. Then, suddenly, the young woman smiled wickedly and plunged down to engulf his solid shaft with her warm, wet mouth. Almost immediately, she began bobbing her head up and down with youthful abandon -- as if she couldn't wait to make him explode.
It was almost more than Beth could stand. Her nerve endings were already raw and overheated. She could feel her nipples swelling and scraping against the fabric of her bra, and she kept squeezing her thighs together in an effort to quench the burning sensations between her legs. She watched the girl's loose dark hair flying free as her head bounced up and down on the young man's lap.
Without thinking, Beth reached her hand over to grasp her husband's thick, muscular thigh. Bob reacted by placing his hand over hers and urging it to move upward until she felt his pulsing tool in his tented pants. Beth wrapped her fingers around the steel-hard shaft through the cloth and began to rub him urgently. Bob returned the favor by placing his arm around his wife's shoulder and reaching down to cup one of her quivering breasts through her dress. He had no trouble finding the hard point of her sensitive nipple poking out from the fabric. He scraped his fingernail over the turgid nub causing Beth to gasp and arch her back.
On stage the newlyweds were continuing their intense foreplay. The bride had succeeded in opening the man's pants completely and had pulled them down his hips slightly while she continued to devour his huge pole with her sweet mouth. His rod was slick and shiny with her saliva, and she looked like she was starving for the taste of his meat.
Meanwhile, he had untied the ribbons that held her camisole together at the top. Pushing the satiny material aside, he reached in and helped her creamy breasts spill out into his big hands. She moaned with muffled delight around his cock as he began to massage and knead her soft, jiggling flesh. His thumbs soon found her small pink nipples and he teased them without mercy -- rolling and pulling the sensitive tips between his fingers until she almost squealed.
Bob and Beth continued to paw at each other -- getting bolder and more impassioned with each passing moment. They had almost forgotten about the other guests until a chime suddenly sounded in the room. Beth immediately felt panic in the pit of her stomach. Remembering the instructions to move to the next love seat to her left, she couldn't imagine sitting with someone she hardly knew in this condition. "Oh Bob. . ." she whispered, "what should we do?"
Bob was having similar thoughts. The "entertainment" had seduced and carried them both away almost to the point of no return. What was expected now. . .for them to calmly continue to watch this wildly carnal display without acting upon the incredible urges they were feeling? Or was that the idea -- to build the couples to a fever pitch of sexual need that would turn the party into a wild orgy. He'd heard about things like this before, but Bob never expected he and his wife to ever be involved. Like Beth, he was confused and overwhelmed. . .that is until he saw 'T' standing expectantly in front of him.
"I believe this is where I'm supposed to be now. . ." The tall redhead looked excited and flushed.
Bob glanced back at Beth and immediately had wild visions of his wife with another man. He'd never considered it before and he didn't necessarily like the idea, but everything was happening so quickly and his throbbing cock suddenly made the decision for him. "It's OK, Honey. . ." he heard himself say. "We better do what the man said."
Beth looked bewildered and a little frightened as she slowly rose to her feet and watched T slide quickly into her seat. Somewhere behind her on the stage she heard moans and deep sighs as she awkwardly moved over to the next seating area where she found their friend, Dan, smiling and relaxed as he watched her approach.
"Enjoying the show?" he asked with a strange smile.
As Beth nervously took her seat she looked back at the couple on the stage. The bride was now laying on the bed -- the pretty satin camisole had been completely removed and her perfectly shaped breasts, tipped with bright pink points, bounced slightly as she shifted and settled. The young groom was gazing down at her -- still grinning with pure lust -- as he quickly removed his tuxedo and other attire. The young woman licked her lips as she hungrily watched his large erection bob and wave between his muscular thighs.
"This is pretty damn hot, isn't it?" Beth heard 'D' whisper beside her. She had intentionally avoided sitting too close to him, but she felt him shifting next to her as they both stared at the stage. "Have you ever seen somebody do it right in front of you like this?" D asked.
Beth cleared her throat and whispered back without looking at him, "N...no, never. . .I never imagined. . ."
After he had removed his clothing, the attractive groom on stage placed one knee on the bed and reached out to effortlessly pull the scantily clad bride closer to him. Taking his time to tease the girl and his audience, he slowly unhooked and removed her garter and then peeled each of her white stockings down and off her shapely legs. The dark- haired beauty smiled and cooed with pleasure as he hooked his fingers in her skimpy lace panties and began to pull them off. She lifted her hips slightly to assist him and soon she was completely nude and spread wantonly on the bed.
Beth's heart was pounding inside her chest and she was having trouble catching her breath. She watched the young man lift the girl's delicate foot and then -- starting at her ankle -- he began to kiss and lick his way up her leg until he reached her tender inner thigh. . .just inches away from her soft, wet opening. Beth could feel her own warm juices soaking her tiny panties, and she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs -- causing the hem of her short black dress to ride up higher and higher.
Seated next to the increasingly impassioned housewife, Dan Sullivan, or 'D', was no longer watching the performance on stage. He knew he had limited time before the chime sounded again and he wanted to make the most of the opportunity. This is what he had been waiting for -- the reason he had made careful arrangements to have Bob and Beth West invited to the party. For quite some time Dan had secretly dreamed of seducing his friend Bob's innocent and comely wife. Now was the time to make his move.
At the same time a few feet away, Beth's husband, Bob, was getting his own lessons in the art of seduction. 'T', the statuesque and tantalizing redhead, wasted little time in cuddling up against her attractive new friend. As they sat together watching the newlywed couple pleasure each other, Bob felt another man's wife softly breathing into his ear as she whispered, "Oh, this makes me feel so naughty. . .would you mind if I played. . .just a little?"
Bob jerked suddenly as he felt her hand grasp his and place it on her warm, soft thigh. She purred softly and spread her legs slightly -- pushing his hand higher until it slid under her dress. Instinctively Bob massaged her smooth tender flesh with his fingers. As he moved his hand higher, he could feel the warmth building and she parted her thighs wider to give him better access. Soon his middle fingertip brushed against the downy softness of her pubic hair and then the puffy flesh of her vaginal lips. She was not wearing panties. T moaned quietly next to him -- encouraging him to continue probing.
Somewhere in his foggy brain Bob had a fleeting thought that what he was doing was wrong. But before he could process the idea any further, the lovely redhead unzipped his fly and reached inside to grasp his throbbing manhood. The touch of her cool skin on his burning shaft caused him to groan and thrust his hips forward. All thoughts of turning back quickly vanished.
Beth stared trance-like at the erotic sight before her. The young groom on the stage now had the bride's legs spread wide and bent at the knee. Tossing her thick mane of hair from side to side, she panted and groaned as her lover lapped and swirled his tongue into the tight slit of her vagina while her hips pumped rhythmically against his hungry mouth.
Dan had moved closer to Beth and gazed down at the lovely sight of her naked thighs squeezing together tightly and then relaxing repeatedly. Her dress had ridden up high enough that he could almost see the hidden juncture between her legs, but she was wringing her hands together in her lap preventing the dress from rising any higher. Watching her swelling breasts rise and fall with each ragged breath, he slowly reached his arm around her shoulder in a careful, casual manner so he wouldn't frighten or alarm her.
When she did not object to his advance, Dan lightly placed his hand on her knee -- again watching her closely for any resistance. But Beth was dizzy and almost drunk with desire. She heard the wet slurping sounds and the constant moans from the couple on the stage and she couldn't help imagining -- no, wishing -- that she was the one on the bed tangled in the naked, passionate act with the handsome young groom. She vaguely felt a hand touching and slowly sliding up her leg, but it didn't register in her lust-filled brain until she felt the hem of her dress being tentatively pushed aside.
Beth instinctively looked down to see a man's hand lightly stroking her exposed skin. Then, with wide, glazed- over eyes, she dreamily looked up and tried to focus on his face smiling back at her. "Let me help you. . ." she heard him say. Dan shifted even closer to her small frame and reached down to gently take her hands and move them off her lap. While they both watched his movements, he carefully took hold of the bottom of her short dress and gradually lifted the fabric up and folded it back onto her stomach -- completely revealing her wispy black panties.
Dan took a deep breath. She was more captivating than he had imagined. The scant fabric did little to hide her feminine charms, and he knew he must have her. . .if not entirely now, then certainly before the night was over.
On the other couch Bob leaned back and planted his hands on the cushion to brace himself. He watched the two young lovers on stage trying to send each other over the edge in a frenzied sixty-nine position; but between his outstretched legs, a gorgeous woman he hardly knew knelt in front of him greedily deep-throating his aching cock. Her technique was fantastic as she swirled and stabbed her tongue around the sensitive head each time she lifted her lovely head with the flaming red hair.
Bob was in heaven until he remembered Beth. Whipping around to look to his left, his eyes opened wide and his mouth fell open when he saw what was happening. There was his conservative little wife with her dress bunched around her waist and her legs spread wide. Hovering over her was the large form of his friend, Dan, who had his hand buried in her panties -- obviously fingering her furiously. Beth stared straight ahead with unblinking eyes as her pretty mouth gasped for breath. Even several yards away, her husband could hear her pant and whimper helplessly.
At first Bob was angry at the sight of his wife so openly engaged in sexual acts with another man. But soon he realized that he had no cause for resentment. After all, he had encouraged her to move to the next chair, and here he was doing the same thing with someone else's wife. No, there was nothing he could do about it now.
Electric shocks jolted through Beth's small body as the man above her continued to plunge his fingers in and out of her drenched pussy. He had been so smooth in his conquest. Before she even realized what was happening, Dan had first traced the lips of her opening through the scant piece of silk between her legs -- then he moved his hand up and slipped it down inside. Fireworks went off in her head when his fingertip went straight for her erect little clitoris which he teased and stroked until she cried out in pleasure. Then he moved his big fingers lower and found her steamy, wet opening.
Dan reached under and silently urged her to raise her tight, round buttocks so he could remove her panties completely. Cool air rushed over her inflamed sex as she leaned back again and waited breathlessly for the thrill of his touch. But it would not happen now. . .The chime sounded again.
Somewhere deep in her clouded mind, Beth realized she had been signaled to move to a new location in this surreal version of musical chairs. The man beside her reluctantly removed his hands from her naked skin and helped her rise unsteadily to her feet. "We'll finish this later," he breathed in her ear while he helped straighten her dress; then he gently directed her toward the next couch.
On stage the newlywed couple continued their heated act of passion. The dark-haired bride was straddling the virile groom. She arched her back and churned her plump buttocks wildly, plunging herself up and down with frantic need on his thick, shiny pole sliding deep inside her with each thrust. The room was filled with the sounds of their love cries and the soft methodic slapping of flesh meeting flesh. Beth shakily groped her way through the dim light until she saw a dark figure looming. `J' sat watching her approach with bright, narrow eyes like a big cat waiting for its prey. Even slumped in the chair the tall professional athlete was an imposing figure, and the startled housewife stopped short with a shudder. His jacket and shirt were open and parted wide, revealing sleek, lean-cut skin and muscle. But what stopped her was the sight of the long, thick ebony column rising from his open pants and laying hard against his flat stomach. She had never seen a black man like this before. As she gazed at the huge phallus poised and throbbing slightly in front of her, the strong arousal she had felt moments earlier was quickly turning to apprehension.
Sensing her hesitancy, J reached his hand out to her. With a calm, low voice he said, "Come, sit with me . . .don't be frightened. Let me please you." Tentatively she allowed him to take her delicate hand and guide her to sit next to him, but she couldn't pull her eyes from the coiled steel monster between his legs.
Directly across, on the other side of the platform, Bob was also having his first interracial experience. J's wife, `V', took her place next to Beth's husband. He smiled at her nervously and noticed that she seemed breathless and slightly agitated. Remembering that she was new to all this too, Bob wondered if she and her husband might be having the same crazy mix of emotions that he was feeling. Observing that her gauzy dress and her ornately-styled hair were slightly disheveled, he inquired discreetly, "Are you all right?"
She looked him in the eye for the first time and smiled weakly, "Yes . . .I think so. But, Oh my! I certainly didn't expect anything like this.
"Neither did we . . ." he agreed, relieved to know that they shared some common ground. "It's all pretty bizarre, isn't it? But at the same time, I don't know when I've ever been so turned on." He almost wished he hadn't said that, but she smiled back at him warmly and he couldn't help being drawn in by her exotic beauty. Laughing softly, she whispered, "So am I . . ."
She was also starting to appreciate the pleasing nature and appealing features of this man she was now seated with. His soft eyes and easy smile, together with the strong jaw and handsome build helped fuel the fire that had been kindled by the show on stage, then fanned to smoldering intensity by the suave former football player at her last seat. Recalling how his hands danced over the tingling softness of her large breasts and jutting nipples, she boldly leaned forward and kissed this new man softly . . .allowing her tongue to instantly melt together with his.
Bob groaned in response and his hand instinctively reached out to cup one of her soft globes swaying freely beneath the colorful scarf-like material of her dress. Easily brushing the fabric aside, his palm came into contact with the warm, moist skin of her heavy breast and he felt a large, rubbery nipple slip between his fingers.
"Mmmm . . .Baby, yes!" V broke the kiss and moaned. She began to kiss and nibble his neck and ear while her hand looked for and easily found his swollen meat still peeking out from his open fly. A sharp jolt went down his spine when she scraped his shaft gently with her long fingernails; then, wrapping her smooth fingers around him completely, she pumped her fist up and down languidly.
Meanwhile, V's husband, J, was using all of his willpower to keep from moving too quickly with Beth. The tasty little white woman was obviously nervous being with him, but he could also tell that her fuse had been lit and she only needed some artful persuasion to give herself over to his powerful male allure and to her own need. He knew she was fascinated with his erect cock towering right next to her; although she pretended to watch intently what the couple was doing on stage, he could see her looking at him from the corner of her eye. He finally leaned over and whispered, "You've never seen one this big before, have you?"
"Never . . ." came the almost choked reply. Realizing she could no longer avoid him, she tentatively turned and gazed directly at his massive tool. "I had no idea that a man could be that large . . ." Her voice sounded almost like a little girl's to him. She looked like a little girl next to his giant frame.
"It's OK," he told her softly. "Go ahead, touch it . . .I know you want to. I want to feel you touch me too."
She did want to touch him . . .desperately. She had to know what the smooth black skin felt like in her hand. She was drawn to it like a magnet; so hard and thick with rigid veins everywhere and the deep purple helmet looking fierce and menacing. Yes, she had to touch it she thought. She cautiously reached out and lightly ran her fingertips over the velvety smoothness of it, feeling the ridges and the swollen tissue; it was so warm, almost hot to the touch, and it jumped and twitched slightly in her hand.
"Damn . . ." he moaned. "You're touch feels like a feather on my cock." She smiled shyly and grew bolder with his encouragement. Grasping him more firmly, she tried to encircle his entire girth, but her tiny fingers could not completely close around him. As she started to rub and milk him slowly, he decided it was time to get in the game too.
Hovering over her, he reached a long arm out and gently pulled her closer. While she continued to play with her new toy, he reached around and took hold of her small jacket, silently encouraging her to let him remove it. Beth stopped stroking him long enough to let the big man pull the garment past her shoulders and then slip it over her arms and off.
With her jacket gone, J had a better view of that creamy cleavage he had been admiring since he saw her. Although she was a petite woman, he could tell she had amazing breasts. He wasted no time in brushing his large hand up her side, lightly feeling the ridges of her rib cage, until he found the plump firmness of her tit flesh straining against the confines of her dress and flimsy bra. Her sensitive nipples were erect and poking through the fabric and he could easily feel the hard little point scraping against the smooth skin of his palm as he cupped and kneaded her.
Beth closed her eyes and let a little moan escape her throat. Sharp, hot electric sensations shot through her chest and down into her loins as he teased her breasts. While she continued to stroke and pull at his throbbing meat with one hand, the other reached for and found his huge dark testicles bouncing gently below. She lightly massaged and squeezed him there, feeling the heat of his molten seed churning deep inside.
J found the zipper at the back of her black evening dress and felt it glide down easily with a slight tug. He caressed the silky-soft skin of her exposed back and slid lower until he grazed the strap of her bra; with practiced skill, he unhooked it with a flick of his wrist and she felt the release of pressure against her swollen mounds. Shrugging her shoulders slightly, she helped him lower the top of the dress until it dropped down almost completely - snagging briefly on her hardened nipples. They both looked down as he reached out and pulled on the fabric. With tantalizing patience, he first uncovered her puffy pink areolas . . .then the twin points of her turgid buttons aching for attention.
Unable to stand the teasing any longer, she quickly pulled her arms through the sleeves and allowed the dress to fall to her waist while she reached up and pulled his head down to her breasts. Not needing a further invitation, J slid off the love seat and kneeled in front of the overheated young woman. As she lay back and gasped, he took handfuls of her milky white flesh and rubbed his rough thumbs over her burning nipples. Beth threw her head back and bit her lower lip to keep from crying out as she thrust her chest toward him. She parted her thighs slightly to allow him access to her body, and he leaned forward and took advantage, lowering his mouth and flicking her inflamed little rosebuds with his long tongue.
"Ohhhh...uhhhh! Yes . . .right there!" She panted. Her hand dropped automatically to find and grasp his rigid tool again. In direct response to the maddening sensations he was giving her with his mouth, she frantically rubbed his straining cock. The more he licked and sucked at her sweet breasts, the faster she pumped her tiny fist, making him grunt and shudder.
But he had to taste more, so he moved lower and kissed his way down to the top of her fallen dress. Tossing the bra aside, he scooted back on his haunches, reluctantly causing her to loose her grip on him. She whimpered slightly, but he reached down and firmly tugged at the rumpled dress until it slid down her torso and past her stomach . . .nearly to the secret juncture between her legs, but her grinding hips stopped his progress. Continuing his teasing game, he leaned down again and kissed the smooth, heaving surface of her belly until he could feel little wisps of hair tickling the tip of his nose. He was close enough that he could smell the musky scent of her flowing nectar.
Almost delirious with desire, Beth's hips began to hump up and off the couch. This was what J had been waiting for. The next time she lifted up with a jerky spasm, he quickly hooked the dress and slid it down and off her slim hips - then he leaned back and pulled it the rest of the way down her writhing legs and off. Now she was naked and splayed out before his hungry eyes. He couldn't believe how enticing she was - her hard, firm body looked almost virginal - with flawless caramel-colored skin glowing with sexual heat. Gazing lower, there was her flowering sex, obviously moist and framed by a slight tuft of neatly trimmed dark hair.
No longer able to contain himself, he pressed her tender thighs apart and lowered his greedy mouth to her steamy opening. Beth's eyes flew open when she felt him taste her there. She fought to momentarily regain her senses. "No. . . Please, don't do that!" she begged. Beth always considered oral sex dirty and perverse. Her husband tried to get her to do it when they first explored each other sexually, but she convinced him that she was not interested. After a time he simply gave up and she was relieved.
But this was not her husband; it was a tall black man she did not know, and he did not want to hear her reasoning or argument. J knew he had this remarkable beauty on the verge of ecstasy, and he was not going to turn back now. Parting her slick outer lips with his fingers, he speared his tongue with skilled accuracy at the center of her most sensitive spot and he began to flick and lap at her relentlessly.
"Oh, God..Unnnnggggggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Beth cried out helplessly. Her small body bucked and jerked out of control while the big man held her tight against his mouth with his strong hands. Her legs flew out wide - kicking and flailing until they at last got hooked up around his broad shoulders. Immediately she felt the first shuddering waves of climax building; she knew she was lost and gave up to it.
The groom was huffing and sweating as he took the bride from behind. Her head was lowered and her long, dark tresses flipped back and forth each time he pounded into her. But Bob couldn't care less about what was happening on the stage. He was laying on his back, nude, with the loveliest black woman he had ever seen kneeling over him, sensuously dragging her slippery vaginal lips over and back against his aching-hard penis. She smiled down at him wickedly, fully aware that her sweet torture was driving him mad with lust. Her pendulous breasts swayed and brushed against his chest with each movement. "You want me, don't you?" she teased.
Unable to stand it any longer, he grunted and thrust his hips up and forward, hitting the mark on the first attempt. The mushroom-shaped head of his manhood easily slid inside her well-lubricated tunnel; the warm, moist walls instantly gripped and squeezed against his sensitive glans. Above him, V moaned out her pleasure and pushed back, seeking eagerly to complete the joining. First rising up, then sinking back against him, she could feel his thick rod gliding up and in. . . farther with each downward shift until their pubic areas ground together.
This was V's first experience with another man since her marriage too, and she was surprised at how quickly she'd been carried away by the illicit urges she felt. Her husband was a great lover, but now all she could think of was this strange man's cock buried to the hilt in her twitching vagina. She needed friction and release, so she leaned back and balanced her hands on his chest to steady herself. She began to rock up and down on him, picking up speed gradually and reveling in the delicious feelings spreading like liquid fire through her feverish body.
Bob met her thrusts and pushed back. His cock felt like it was coated in warm butter. He vaguely heard her gasp and pant above him each time he stabbed up into her. Grasping her flexing thighs for leverage, he slammed his hips up to meet each of her quickening down-strokes. He raised his knees and planted his feet, lifting both of their bodies high off the leather cushion each time they crashed together. Soon he could feel the familiar boiling sensation rising up from somewhere deep within, signaling his impending eruption.
Wanting her to explode with him, he reached between them and found her rigid clitoris. Wetting his fingers with her juices, he started to rub against her in a way that matched their furious rhythm. "Come with me!" he hissed. . .urging her to go off. "I'm almost there . . ."
"Uhgh.....yes.....yes....I can feel it!!!!! she grimaced between hard strokes. "Oh, baby . . .yeah.....I'm coming! You're making me come!!!!!"
The white-hot seed rocketed through his shaft and sprayed out in forceful spurts, but she could not feel the warmth of it spreading inside her. V was too far lost in the throes of her own climax to notice. Great shudders of pleasure racked her body and she held her breath for fear that the next convulsion between her legs might cause her to black out. Neither of them had ever experienced anything before with such raw animal intensity.
Beth was recovering from her own mind-shattering orgasm and climbing rapidly toward another when the chime sounded again. 'J' was still lapping hungrily between her wide-spread legs, hoping to beat the clock and plant his giant member in the willing little housewife, but he knew he had run out of time now.
All modesty gone, Beth allowed him to help her up and stood naked except for her high heeled shoes and her medallion. Something in her woozy brain triggered and she remembered who was waiting at her next stop, causing a tremble of anticipation. She wordlessly thanked the gentle black man she had been with by reaching down and softly running her hand along his impressive length one last time. Then, taking her rumpled dress and dragging it behind her, she moved off to the rendezvous she had been secretly looking forward to.
'S' stood waiting for her. He too had shed his clothing and she nearly swooned when she took in the sight of him. Everything about the huge man was appealing to her -- his warm smile first, then the incredible eyes that seemed to pierce right into her heart. Built like a granite statue, his massive shoulders, arms, and chest tapered down to a flat, hard stomach ripped with solid muscle. And there was his cock, erect and perfectly shaped. Not freakishly big, but large enough to satisfy any woman; it stood up proud against the chiseled abdomen. Below, his powerful legs looked like tree trunks supporting his solid frame.
Dropping her dress, Beth rushed to his waiting arms. Without a word they melded together in a passionate kiss that made the tiny hairs on the back of her neck stand up and tingle. She could feel his hardness pressing insistently against her belly -- throbbing gently with his rapid pulse. Gasping for breath, she broke the kiss and pulled his ear to her mouth. "Oh, I've been waiting for this," she whispered. "Please . . .I need you inside me. Now...please hurry!"
Reaching between her legs, 'S' dipped a fingertip into her swollen lips. His digit was instantly coated with her warm, sweet honey. "Yes, you are ready for me," he smiled. "Well, I've learned to never keep a lady waiting . . ."
He gently turned her around and wrapped his massive arms about her, pressing himself against her back. Sliding his hands down, he found and caressed her quivering breasts as he slowly guided her to the love seat. Beth allowed him to position her so that she was kneeling on the leather cushion with her arms clinging over the back, facing away from him. His strong hands urged her legs apart and he moved up behind her. At first she could feel his body heat against her skin, then she felt the blunt rounded shaft of his organ moving and rubbing between the soft cheeks of her buttocks. He moved back and forth like that for a few moments, sending chills through her already frazzled nerves. "Please . . .don't tease me," she whimpered.
Finally he grasped his cock and aimed down until he found her soggy opening. He brushed the thick head around briefly to cover it with her slick juices, then he pushed forward slightly and felt the tip catch and move through the snug ring at her entrance. He was amazed at how tight she was, even after all this prolonged stimulation. Hearing a dreamy sigh of approval, he grasped her hips and pressed forward again, this time sliding almost half way inside.
Oh....yessssss. . ." she hissed. "It feels so good, put it in!"
The big former football player granted her wish. First he pulled out until just the head of his rod was poised at the opening, then he jerked his mighty hips forward in one smooth stroke, impaling her completely. Beth's eyes rolled back in her head and she cried out with unbridled rapture; her hands gripped the back of the chair tightly as she felt him immediately begin to move in and out with slow, smooth thrusts.
It was better than she could have imagined. Every muscle and tissue in her small body strained to accept and meet his powerful, but controlled movements. She could feel his heavy balls softly smacking against her backside each time he pushed against her, and soon they were rocking together. . .gradually building the tempo. She discovered that, if she leaned back and arched her pelvis at just the right angle, his swollen shaft would rake against her hypersensitive clitoris occasionally, causing sharp tremors of pure pleasure.
From his position a few feet away, Bob West watched his lovely wife being fucked by another man for the first time. Her head was thrown back and her arms and hands clutched desperately at the furniture she was braced against. The large man behind her pounded in and out relentlessly, causing little shock waves to ripple through her small body with each impact. Bob was peering around the bare bottom of Dan's wife, Mandy. The pretty blonde held herself high up against his face, encouraging him to lick and nibble at her glistening labia while she gamely worked at reviving his spent male equipment with her mouth.
The strange rotation was now complete; all of the couples had sampled each other's spouses. Up on the platform, Mr. Kensington, the imposing butler, reappeared completely nude and joined the newlyweds' erotic performance. The bald man was built like a bull; his hard buttocks flexed and relaxed as the bride sucked him hungrily, her blushing cheeks puffed and hollowed around his girth. Behind her, the handsome young groom looked like he was about to explode. Every muscle strained and the cords in his neck stood out sharply as he jackhammered against the girl.
Beth was nearly overcome with the sweet sensations pouring through her every fiber. S reached out to hold and massage her bouncing breasts while he continued to slam into her, filling and emptying her completely with each rapid stroke. Suddenly she was aware of another person standing close in front of her. Trying to focus her blurred vision, she realized it was Dan gazing down at them with lust in his eyes and silently offering his angry-looking cock to her. She knew instantly what he wanted, but again her conservative upbringing made her balk at the thought and she closed her eyes tight and turned her head away.
Dan was not to be denied, however. He'd waited too long for this. Gently he placed his hand on her silky hair and turned her pretty face back to him. Beth was gasping and panting for breath and there was no way on earth she could keep her mouth closed. Soon she felt the rubbery tip of his hot tool brushing against her parched lips . . .pushing in past her teeth and gliding across her tongue. The taste was not unpleasant, she realized; slightly salty and almost familiar. Surrendering to the fact that she could not refuse him in this position, she allowed her tongue to swirl tentatively around the spongy hardness. Dan heaved a great sigh and pushed his hips forward slightly, basking in the moist warmth. He smiled with satisfaction when he felt her small, shaking hand reach up to grasp and accept him while her head began to bob slowly, sucking him in deeper with each small thrust.
Beth found herself wedged between two strong males - both trying to fill her openings with their swelling erections. Her diminutive body was being assaulted and buffeted by the eager, forceful pumping and prodding, but she felt heavenly. Never before had she felt so sexually alive and in tune with her womanly desires. Every part of her burned with intense excitement and raw passion. She could feel the familiar stirring of another shattering orgasm rolling and crashing through the dam in the deepest part of her soul. Wanting to cry out in pleasure, she could not because her mouth and throat were engrossed in greedily slurping and sucking Dan's engorged cock as it pistoned in and out through her tender lips.
Between her legs, Beth sensed that S was nearing his end. Sweating and growling above her, he pushed himself with his great strength against her, deeper and harder . . .faster and faster, until she could feel him touch her very core. Suddenly he slammed his hips forward and roared. A bright light flashed in her head and her insides seemed to burst . . .followed by soothing warmth that washed throughout her ravaged body.
Choking and gasping, fighting to breathe, Beth pulled her mouth off Dan who was watching the dramatic crescendo between the conjoined lovers; the vibrations of their release passed through her mouth - stimulating and triggering the eruption he'd been fighting to keep in check until now. The spent, weary housewife instinctively used her hand to continue pumping his shaft, slippery with her saliva. Her efforts were soon rewarded as Dan groaned loudly and sprayed out his hot, milky fluid - blasting it across her slender neck, shoulder, and arm.
Beth's husband vaguely watched the orgiastic frenzy unfolding around him. The room was filled with the sound and scent of sex. Everywhere he gazed, naked bodies were tangled together writhing and humping. He'd seen his puritanical little wife take on two men with astonishing abandon until she lay crumpled beneath them, bathed in sensual bliss. At this moment a stunning blonde woman, who happened to be his friend's wife, was leaning over Bob's torso sucking his cock furiously while a demented bald butler named Kensington plowed into her from behind. On the bed in the center of the stage, the tall black man had the young bride's legs wrapped over his shoulders; he pounded into her with his amazingly long penis as his own wife rocked back on forth on the young girl's face.
Time seemed to stand still and Bob closed his eyes . . .trying to remember how the hell he got here.
EPILOGUE . . .
Several days later, Beth West found a glossy black package in her mailbox. Opening it, she discovered a videotape inside simply labeled `The Party' and a small hand-written note attached. A smile played across her lovely red lips as she read:
`Greetings, Mr. and Mrs. W. . .
Here is a souvenir of our time together for you to watch and enjoy. Looking forward to the pleasure your company at our next gathering.
Best regards, Your Host'
Beth felt a sudden little shudder pass through her as she skipped up the driveway . . .heading for the VCR.
*****THE END*****
Comments welcome!
