Chapter 7
The next day on the slopes it had begun to snow, making the trail somewhat faster. This time it was Eric who challenged his mother to the race. He had a plan. As she took off down the slope, he intentionally stayed behind. When she had a good lead he headed after her. About halfway down the slope, they came to a spot where the trail veered right and left. Everyone, including Melissa went left.
Eric went right. It was a dangerous section, which only the best skiers attempted. Someone had told him yesterday that it was a way to get down the mountain much faster.
Eric moved swiftly onto the unfamiliar trail. It was dangerous, but the desire to win was even stronger. He owed his mother too many chores already. With all his skills, he moved swiftly down the slope. However, on one sharp turn, the snow under his ski's crumbled and suddenly he was launched into the air, heading for a tree and rock strewn crevice. The binding on his skis snapped and they flew in different directions. He hurtled downward. Fortunately for him, he hit the top of a spruce tree and his descent was slowed. Trying to brace his fall with his hands, he still hit the snow-covered rocks hard.
Fortunately there had been a group of people on snowmobiles in the area and they saw Eric leave the trail. Otherwise it would have been hours before he was found and he could have bled to death.
* * * * *
Melissa looked behind her as she reached a straightaway, but she didn't see Eric. She smiled, thinking he had probably fallen in his attempt to catch her. However, when she reached the bottom and she still didn't see him, she became worried. A few minutes later she went to the ski patrol shack and asked if they could check on Eric.
The attendant radioed the patrol at the top of the hill and asked them to check the slopes. They radioed back that a snowmobiler had seen someone crash and they were on their way to the site.
It was almost an hour later when the ski patrol finally got back to her. Melissa was in a panic. "Is he okay? What happened to him?" she gasped breathlessly.
"They found him at the bottom of a crevice. He apparently took the dangerous route down the hill."
"Oh God," she gasped, "How is he?"
"Well, he was knocked out when he hit the rocks and he's bruised up, but they don't think there are any broken bones."
Melissa was relieved by the attendant's words, but still very worried.
A few minutes' later two ski patrol members came sliding down the slope with Eric strapped to a stretcher between them.
Melissa climbed into the ambulance next to Eric, who was still unconscious. She held his hand and cried all the way to the hospital. It was her fault. She was the one that kept the challenge going. She should have let him win.
It was sometime later when the doctor came into the waiting room and asked for Mrs. Jacobs.
"That's me," Melissa said, standing up as the doctor walked over to her.
"I'm Doctor Spitzer," he said holding his hand out to Melissa.
She shook it quickly and said, "How is Eric, Doctor?"
"Sit down please."
That didn't sound good. When Melissa was seated, the doctor sat in a chair beside her.
"Well, your husband is in good shape considering where he crashed," said Dr. Spitzer in a heavy German accent. "He has a nasty bump on the back of his head and a concussion, but there doesn't appear to be any internal head injury. He also has a number of bumps and bruises in other areas, including a bunch of sprained joints. I have put bandages on the areas I could. In general, he should be kept immobile for at least twelve hours. He is sedated, but you can take him home if you like as long as you keep a close eye on him."
"Yes, I will."
"You can get your car and the nurses will have him at the door in a few minutes."
Suddenly Melissa had tears running down her cheeks ... tears of relief. Through her sobs, Melissa thanked the doctor. Then she went to the parking lot and drove her car to the entrance of the hospital. She saw Eric sitting in a wheel chair on the sidewalk with a nurse holding an umbrella to protect him from the rapidly falling snow. There was an ice pack strapped to the back of his head, but she couldn't see anything thing else since he had the hospital gown on and a blanket covering him. He was slumped over in the chair.
"He's sedated," a nurse said when she saw Melissa's panicked look. Then she handed Melissa a bottle of pills and said, "Give him one of these every four hours. Keep the bandages from getting wet and make an appointment to see the doctor in three days." Finally she handed her a bag of Eric's clothes and added, "He'll be fine. We've seen a lot worse from skiing accidents up here."
"Thank you," said Melissa. She let a male hospital attendant put Eric into the passenger side of the car and then she headed home. The snowfall had grown heavier and it was coming down in large flakes, making it difficult to navigate back to the cabin. When she got to the caretaker's house she stopped. Suddenly she wondered how she was going to get Eric to the cabin. It was at least 200 yards up the mountain to the front door. She got out of the car and knocked on Mr. Schmidt's door.
When he answered, Melissa said, "I'm sorry to bother you Mr. Schmidt, but there's been an accident."
"Leon please," he returned. "What happened?" he asked, looking at the car and seeing Eric with the ice pack on his head, leaning on the side window.
"Eric crashed on the ski slope this morning. He has a concussion and several sprains, but otherwise the doctor thinks he will be okay. Unfortunately, I can't get him to the cabin by myself. He's sedated."
"No problem," Leon said. He turned and called "Luke, Alexandra." The two large dogs came running. "Let me get my sled and we can have your husband in the cabin in a few minutes."
"Oh thank you so much. You are being so kind. I can pay you for your trouble."
"No ma'am. Wouldn't think of it. You're guests here in Switzerland."
Melissa felt like she had insulted him with the offer to pay. "Thank you, Leon," she said again.
Leon retrieved a sled from the back of his house and put it in the trunk with the end sticking out of the back. Then he loaded the dogs in the car and climbed in with them.
Melissa drove up the hill, parked and then watched Leon place a collar on Luke and Alexandra and attach leather straps from their collars to the sled. Then she helped load Eric onto the sled. A few minutes later they were at the cabin.
"Just get him to the bed and I can take it from there," Melissa said.
Leon helped a half-unconscious Eric onto his feet and walked him into the house. Melissa got on one side and with Leon on the other they managed to get Eric up to the bedroom. There they laid him on the bed.
"I don't know how to thank you, Leon."
"You have already thanked me. I hope your husband is okay," he said as he started to leave. Then he stopped. "Oh, by the way, there is a real bad storm coming. Do you have everything you need in the cabin? You might not be able to get out for a few days."
"Yes, I think so," said Melissa.
"Good, because these storms can hit us hard this time of year. Still, if you need anything, you know where I am. Feel free to call on me."
"I will and thank you again, Leon."
"Take care, Mrs. Jacobs."
With that, Melissa walked back into the cabin to Eric. She saw him lying where they had left him on the bed. He had on the green hospital gown. She sighed and went over to him, lifting him to a sitting position so she could take the gown off. He was naked underneath. A gasp came from her lips when she saw the cuts and bruises over his body. Most of them looked superficial, but there were scratches on his thigh that looked like a large cat had scratched him and he had a swollen bruise high on his thigh that looked ugly. She sat on the bed and took his hand. Unfortunately she couldn't help looking at his naked form. Her eyes traveled up and down his body. He was a strong boy with a well-defined chest, narrow waist, and strong legs. Her eyes eventually fell to his penis, which was lying flaccid on his thigh. Although she tried to see him as her son and knew any other view was wrong, she couldn't deny the unwanted excitement that trickled through her.
Eric's penis was long and big around, even while soft. She knew how it looked hard. It had been years since she had seen it soft like this though. Although she felt guilty, she continued to stare. Her fingers were but inches from it and she tried to suppress the un-motherly urge to reach out and touch it. Finally, losing the battle, she reached her hand over to casually lay it on top of the long tube. Her heart was thumping in her chest now. Suddenly, she felt his penis move under her palm. It was warm, almost hot to the touch, and had a soft silky feeling. She could almost feel the blood pulsing through it. She lifted it and closed her fingers around the shaft.
For several long moments she held it, almost unconsciously squeezing the tube in her fingers. Inevitably, it began to grow larger in her hand until it was erect. Her mouth was open as she gasped for breath. The long tube felt alive in her hand. Suddenly she realized what she was doing and she quickly let it go. It throbbed and stood up like a statue. With one last look, she chastised herself and stood up. After pulling a sheet over him, she went into the kitchen on wobbling legs to make a cup of coffee.
Several hours later, Melissa was sitting next to the bed reading when she heard Eric stir. She saw his eyes open and almost sighed in relief.
"Where ... what happened?" he asked in a quiet voice.
"You crashed on the mountain." Tears of relief filled her eyes as a smile crossed her face.
Eric tried to sit up.
"No. You have to stay immobile for several more hours," Melissa said, pushing him back down.
Eric moaned and brought a hand up to his head. When he saw the bandages on his wrists and elbows he asked, "Shit, did I break my arms?"
"No, just sprains. The doctor says they should be okay in a couple of days, but he doesn't want you to move them, or get the bandages wet."
"I'm so stupid," he whispered, dropping both arms back to the bed.
"It was an accident. My fault."
"How was it your fault?" he said, the memory of what happened slowly coming back to him.
"I let the challenge go on. I should have stopped it."
"Bull, Mother. It was my fault. I should have never tried that route down the hill." Suddenly tears came to Eric's eyes. "Now I've fu ... screwed up our vacation."
Melissa reached over and grasped his hand. "You didn't screw it up. There's a big storm blowing up so we couldn't have skied for a couple of days anyway. Once the storm is over, we can do some sightseeing. I really wanted to see more of Switzerland anyway."
Eric smiled indulgently at his mother. "Thanks, Mom." Then he tried to sit up again.
"You can't get up."
"But I gotta pee," he protested.
"Hmmm," Melissa said. "Wait a minute." She got up and went to the kitchen, coming back with a mason jar a few moments later. She held it out to Eric.
"What's that for?" he asked. Then he suddenly realized what the jar was for. "I'm supposed to pee in the jar?" His face turned red. "Come on, Mom."
"Sorry. You're not supposed to get up, doctor's orders. I can help if you want."
"No," Eric answered quickly. Then he reached for the jar. However, as soon as he took it, it slipped through his hands.
Melissa caught it. "Guess you don't have much choice. Turn over on your side."
"Oh, Jesus," sighed Eric in resignation. He turned over facing his mother.
She pulled the sheet to his feet.
Eric closed his eyes.
Melissa reached out with a trembling hand and grasped her son's penis, directing the large head inside the jar. She held it there for a minute or so. Suddenly his penis began to grow. A small smile came to her lips and she almost giggled.
With his eyes still closed, Eric said, "I don't think I can do it. This is soooo embarrassing."
"I know, honey, just try to concentrate on something else." The penis in her hand continued to grow until it was half-hard.
"Mom, it's not going to work," Eric said, almost in a panic now.
"Why?"
"Your ... your ... hand ... and uh ... I ... I ... can't concentrate with you watching and holding me."
"Will this make it better?" Melissa said as she pulled the sheet back over him, keeping her hand on his still growing penis. A second after he was covered, his penis was fully hard and pulsing in her hand. Melissa knew she had a dilemma. He had to go to the bathroom and the doctor didn't want him to get up. Yet, he couldn't go while he was hard. Suddenly she knew what she had to do. She began to move the hand on his cock.
Eric opened his eyes wide when he felt her hand moving. "Mom!" he gasped.
"Shhhhh," she whispered as she held the jar with one hand and began to pump his shaft. She couldn't believe she was actually masturbating her son. She recalled the saying, "Desperate times call for desperate measures." At least that was her justification for what she was doing.
"Oh God," he gasped. His facial expression showed that he still couldn't believe what was happening.
Melissa could feel her panties soaking through as she pumped her son's cock. The blood was rushing to her head, making her feel faint. She was glad she was sitting or she might have fallen. Yet, she told herself she had to do this. There was no other choice.
"Mom," Eric gasped as his hips began to move with the pumping of her hand. It didn't take long. "Mom, I'm going to ..." he gasped and paused. Suddenly his body stiffened. "Ohhhhhh," he moaned.
Melissa squeezed her legs together as she felt his cock pulse. Then she felt the cream rushing up the shaft of his throbbing cock. She could actually feel cum moving through his cock. Suddenly, as the juice began to squirt into the jar, her climax started. She tried to remain still, but her hips moved up and down as wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her. It was an intense climax and lasted for a long time. When she finally recovered, she realized that Eric's cock had grown soft in her hand. When she glanced over she saw that Eric still had his eyes closed. She squeezed his cock several more times before she let it go. "Now you should be able to pee."
It took Eric a couple more minutes before he was finally able to relieve himself into the jar.
Chapter 8
Melissa was in the kitchen cooking breakfast when she heard Eric get out of bed. It sounded like he was coming down the steps haltingly. She moved the frying pans to a cold burner and hurried to the steps. She got there just as he disappeared into the bathroom.
"Mommmmm," Eric gasped when his mother stepped into the bathroom.
"Sorry," she said, I heard you come down the stairs and wanted to make sure you were all right. I'll wait outside."
"Can you get me something to wear?" he asked.
"Sure," Melissa said and left the bathroom. A moment later she reached her hand into the door with a pair underpants and a T-shirt. He took them and began to put them on. It took him a long time to get the underwear on as he tried to avoid putting pressure on areas that hurt, which was most of his body. Then he tried to pull the shirt over his head and began to struggle again.
"Here, let me help," Melissa said as she came into the bathroom.
When the shirt was over his head and pulled down Eric looked at the shower/tub and said, "I need to take a bath but I can't see how with the bandages and all."
"You're right, you do need a bath. You have dried blood and hospital disinfectant all over you. Come on in to breakfast and we will figure something out." She could feel her son's eyes on her as she walked away. She had on the same pink nightgown she had worn the other day. Underneath she had thong panties and no bra.
As they sat down to eat, Melissa reached over and cut his food into small pieces. Then when she saw him try to pick up a fork in his bandaged hand without success, she placed one in his fingers.
He began to eat like he hadn't eaten in days. During a brief pause in eating, his eyes went to his mother.
She could see him staring at her almost bare breasts. For a moment she thought of covering her breasts with her arms, but made no move to do so. She stared back at her son until he saw her. His face turned red and his eyes shifted to the window where the snow was coming down heavily outside.
"It really snows here when it snows," he said nervously.
Melissa smiled. "Yes, I've been listening to CNN and they said it is going to be one of the worst blizzards that they had seen in this areas in a quarter of century."
"Do we have enough food?" Eric asked.
"Yep. I checked everything and we could last for about a week. If the blizzard lasts longer than a week, the house will be buried anyway. It's unlikely they will open the slopes until next week, so we aren't missing anything."
"Where's Paul Bunyan when you need him," Eric said and laughed.
"Are you feeling better?"
"A little. In fact pretty good considering what happened. My head is a little sore and my legs and arms hurt like hell, but otherwise I'm good."
"Well, I guess you can't do the dishes like you owe me."
"Sorry," he said, holding up both bandaged arms.
"You'll do anything to get out of doing the dishes, but this is going a little too far," Melissa said. Then she added, "The bandages can come off in a couple of days if we can get to the doctors office." She got up and took dishes to the sink. When she turned around she saw Eric staring at her behind.
His face turned red with embarrassment. "Uh ... uh ... there isn't much I can do for you or myself."
"I know sweetie. Now, about that bath, I can help you."
"You mean like wash me?" Eric asked incredulously.
"Well, yes. I've seen you naked you know. Remember I changed your diapers for a few years," Melissa said with a smile. "You certainly can't go for days without a bath. And, quite frankly you smell like hospital disinfectant ... amongst other things."
"I can try to do it myself if you fill the tub."
"But you can't sit in the tub."
"Maybe I can stand and wash."
"All right," Melissa replied without conviction as she watched him go to the bathroom. A moment later she followed him. She stood in the doorway and watched him try to lather his face to shave.
"Ouch!" he exclaimed when the razor cut his cheek.
"Having trouble?" Melissa said as she stood in the doorway with her arms folded.
Eric looked exasperated. "Yes. I can't even shave myself." However he didn't miss the fact that his mother had on the same see-thru nightgown he had seen previously. Her nipples were already hard.
"I'm sorry, honey. Sit down on the toilet and I'll shave you."
"Do you know how?"
"I've never shaved a man, but I think I can learn. After all, I've shaved a few parts of my body," she said. Suddenly she blushed, wondering if Eric had seen her shaved pussy. A shudder went through her and she quickly fished the razor out of the water in the sink. "I can see the line where you normally shave. Is that where I start?"
"Yes, start at the right cheek and draw the razor downward. Nice even strokes."
Melissa folded a towel, placing it on the floor and knelt next to Eric. "This is going to be fun," she said.
Eric moved his face from one side to the other, directing her where to put the razor. When she was done, she got a washcloth and gently washed his cheeks and chin.
"Pretty good job, if I say so myself," Melissa said when she had wiped the excess cream from his face. Then she rubbed her hand across one cheek and then the other. "Nice and smooth," she said, pausing with her hand on his cheek.
Suddenly the room grew very quiet as the two stared at each other.
"Uh ... I had better run your bath," Melissa said as she got up and moved over to the large freestanding tub. She bent over and turned on the water. Without thinking, she moved her ass back and forth in front of her son's eyes. She stayed bent over for some time, testing the water and making sure it wasn't too hot. When she turned around, she saw Eric look away quickly. Her eyes traveled down to his crotch and she saw an unmistakable bulge. She knew he had gotten hard looking at her ass. "Okay, let's get your clothes off."
"I can do it," Eric said. When he tried to pull the shirt over his head, however, it was just too painful.
Melissa reached over and pulled his shirt up. Then she smiled as he turned around to hide his growing erection and tried to pull down his underwear. "Let me," she said, as she remained kneeling. She quickly pulled his shorts down, leaving Eric standing naked with his cock half hard. Suddenly she was staring as his half-hard cock just inches from her face.
"Oh, God," he moaned under his breath and closed his eyes. He quickly stepped into the bathtub, avoiding looking at his mother's face.
Melissa picked up the washrag and the soap. Then she slipped to her knees and washed his stomach acting as if she did this everyday. She tried to act casual, but as her hands moved lower, her hands began trembling. She began to wash his legs, trying to ignore the pulsing appendage in front of her face.

Eric opened his eyes looked down at his mother and then his own cock. It was now almost fully hard. He looked away again and his face turned red.
The room was suddenly filled with sexual tension. Melissa could feel her heart beating in her chest as she stared at the long throbbing shaft. It mesmerized her. With shaking hands she continued to wash his thigh, washing it from top to bottom. Then she told him to put his foot on the side of the tub so she could get to his foot. But when he had done that, she paused. Instead of washing his thigh she brought the soap and the washcloth to his cock. It was almost as if she were hypnotized.

Eric gasped.
Melissa began to wash it gently as if she did this everyday. But the last time she washed him like this he was five years old.
Eric sighed and kept his eyes closed tightly.
Melissa grew fascinated with her son's large cock. She had never looked at the male sex organ like this before. His balls were huge in their wrinkled sacks and hung down several inches below his cock. Both orbs moved inside their sacks like they were alive. She guessed in a way they were alive ... at least the sperm inside. She felt her pussy throb at the thought.
She heard Eric moan when she began to slowly move her hand back and forth, supposedly to clean him. She moved her hand to the base of his cock before sliding it back to the head. She began to pump the shaft.
"Ohhh!!! Eric gasped.
Suddenly her breathing became labored. She could hear Eric moaning, but it sounded like it was coming from far off. Her head began to spin as her hand moved faster.
"Mommmm. Watch out!!!" Eric cried out in warning with his last ounce of energy.
The words didn't register as Melissa continued to pump her son's cock. Her mouth was open as she gasped for breath. Her eyes were wide as she watched and felt the long shaft throb. She could feel the head grow larger in her hand. Suddenly Eric exploded. The soap fell from her hand as his thick cream blasted from the head like a bullet, hitting her directly in her face.

She gasped, but didn't stop pumping her hand. The next shot followed quickly and hit her tightly closed lips. The squirting juice came out in torrents for several long seconds before finally slowing down. The weaker squirts hit Melissa on the neck and then dripped to the material of her nightgown and covering her still heaving breasts.

When the last drops were squeezed from Eric's cock, Melissa stood up on unsteady legs. She squeezed her legs together and tried to maintain her balance. She couldn't believe what she had just done. She knew it was incredibly wrong, yet her pussy was throbbing, burning with desire. She felt Eric's sperm begin to run down her face and then drip from her chin.
She closed her eyes as if that would change what she had just done. It didn't work. Instead, a vision of Eric's spurting cock jumped into her mind. Suddenly and unexpectedly, a climax ripped through her. She squeezed her legs tighter and tried to control the movement of her hips. With hooded eyes she stared at her son who had yet to open his eyes. That was a small blessing.
When her climax eased, Melissa used the washcloth to wipe the cum from her face. Then she dipped it into the water and wrung it out. Without a word, she began to wash Eric again. She took care of his lower half before moving upward to wash his chest and back. She took special care to wash the sections of his arms and chest that were not bandaged. Finally, she got up and retrieved a large bath towel. She began to dry her son rubbing the towel up and down his strong body. Neither of them said a word as he stepped out of the tub and let her finish drying his feet. Then she helped him put on his shirt and sweat pants.
The remainder of the day was quiet. They spoke, but only about normal things. Nothing was said about what happened in the bathroom. Yet, both of them were reliving it over and over in their heads ... Eric with excitement and Melissa with excitement tinged with a great deal of remorse.
Chapter 9
Melissa got up early the following morning, putting on a bathrobe she found in the closet. She looked out the window and saw that the snow was coming down as hard as it had the day before. She was beginning to wonder if they would be stranded there all winter. While under normal circumstances that might be an exciting thought, deeper down, she was worried about what was going to happen between her and Eric after the incident in the bathroom. They were trapped together in the small cabin with little to do and nowhere to go.
She went into the bathroom and put on a sweater and a pair of jeans. As she glanced in the mirror, she saw that both items fit her rather snugly. In fact, the jeans were quite tight in the crotch. It was funny that she hadn't noticed that previously. The seam rubbed on her strangely swollen clit. It seemed to be that way all the time now.
When she came out of the bathroom, she saw that Eric was still sleeping soundly. The covers were down to his waist exposing his strong upper body. A shiver went through her and it felt like the crotch of her jeans had grown tighter. With a shake of her head she went to the kitchen to fix a cup of coffee.
It was two hours later when Eric came into the kitchen, wearing underwear and a tee shirt.
"Good morning, sleepy head," Melissa said.
"Hi, Mom. What's for breakfast?"
"So you're hungry again?"
"I'm starved."
"That's a good sign. I'll get things going. How do you feel?"
"Still sore, like a train ran over me, but otherwise much better," he replied looking at his mother and smiling weakly. As he walked over to the table to sit down, he had a strange look on his face ... as if he was wondering if what happened yesterday was just a dream.
Melissa's face turned red at her son's stare and the room fell silent.
"I'll go get dressed," he said to break the silence.
"Need help?" Melissa asked before thinking. She turned away from Eric to hide her still red face.
"Uh ... no ... maybe. Let me try."
A few minutes later Eric returned with a shirt unbuttoned down the front and a pair of jeans with the top open and zipper down.
"Can you help?" he said with an embarrassed smile.
He looked like the little boy she pictured in her mind. Melissa suddenly felt silly over all her worries. There was no reason they couldn't live together a few days without getting crazy. "Sure," she answered with a smile. She turned to him and began to button his shirt. When she finished the last button, she sat down on a kitchen chair to button and zip his pants. Suddenly she realized this was almost the position she was in last night when Eric shot cum in her face. Her face felt hot and her fingers suddenly began to tremble. It took her twice as long as normal to get the zipper in place and close the top button.
"Want to play chess after breakfast?" Melissa asked.
"Sure, what's the bet?"
"Don't you think betting has gotten us into enough trouble?" she said.
"How much trouble can we get into cooped up in this cabin? We're not racing down the slopes. Come on, it will break the monotony."
"I guess you're right."
"So what's the bet?" Eric asked.
"Let's see. If you lose, you do the dishes everyday and clean the house when we get home for two months."
"Wow!" he said in surprise. "Don't you think that's a heavy bet?" Then he smiled at her cockiness. "Pretty sure you're going to win, huh?"
"Certain," she returned with a smile.
"All right, two can play that game. If you're so certain, here is what I win, you have to wear whatever clothes I pick out for you, for the rest of the vacation."
Melissa looked at her son strangely. Wear whatever he wants? she thought. "What do you mean?" she asked. "Why do you want to chose what I wear ... I didn't bring that much stuff."
"It's what I want," Eric responded with a grin.
Melissa shrugged and said, "All right if that's what you want."
"That includes to bed," Eric added.
Suddenly it dawned on Melissa. He could tell her to wear anything, even his shirt with nothing underneath, or nothing at all. A tremor suddenly rushed through her. "Wait a minute, I'm not so sure about this now."
"Okay, the bet's off. Obviously you're afraid you're going to lose."
"Fine, the bet's off. But I'm not afraid to lose," she said in a huff.
"Really? Then why don't you take the bet?"
Melissa's competitive nature was challenged and she was more than a little irritated. She thought for a moment and then her eyes narrowed. While she still didn't know entirely what he was up to, she knew it had to be devious. Her competitive nature kicked in. "Okay, but its three months of dishes and cleaning the house and you have to wash my car every week."
"Three months! No way!" he almost screamed.
"What? Are you afraid to lose?"
Eric's face showed his anger. He paused, pursing his lips. "Okay, you're on. Let's play."
The bravado suddenly drained from Melissa. She swallowed hard and was about to call it all off when Eric turned and left the room. She went to the stove and began to fix breakfast. Her hands were shaking as she began to scramble eggs in a bowl.
A few minutes later, when Eric returned to the kitchen, Melissa's was ready to reason with him. "Eric, I think we have cabin fever already. Let's forget this bet."
"Bet's a bet," he returned, sitting down at the table.
She sat a plate of food in front of him and then sat down. They ate breakfast in silence. By the time breakfast was over, Melissa's confidence had returned. "Do you want to start your chores early and do the breakfast dishes?" She smiled smugly.
"Can't with the bandages on," he said holding up his arms. "Besides, I'm going to win," he returned with his own smug smile.
"Right!" Melissa returned. Then she got up, cleaned up the table and put the dishes in the sink. She could feel her son's eyes on her almost every second. It was a strange, but not entirely an unpleasant feeling. Again she felt the crotch of her jeans tighten. Each movement sent a shock wave through her. She moved as if she was in a trance. A few minutes later she was worried that there would be a dark stain on the crotch of her jeans.
"Come on Mom," said Eric. He had found a chess set in a closet and set it up. "You can't delay it any longer."
Melissa finally came to the table and sat down. Her heart was beating rapidly. Suddenly Melissa wondered what she was worried about. First of all, she would probably win, and secondly, so she had to wear some scanty clothes around the house. What would that hurt?
The two played for a solid hour with the advantage going back and forth many times. The tension in the room grew with each move until it was thick enough to cut with a knife.
Finally Eric made a critical move and sat back. "Check and Checkmate!" he exclaimed with undisguised pleasure. His face was beaming while Melissa's face was very serious. "Okay, I think I'd like you to put on those skin tight leggings and top you use under your ski suit. But no underwear."
Melissa thought her heart was going to pound out of her chest. Those clothes were meant to be worn with something over top. Most of her breasts would be visible and the bottoms were so tight that every curve would be on display. She could just tell him no and that would be that. Yet, they had bet for years and always paid off, no matter what.
Eric stared at her, his gaze never flinching. He had a smug look on his face.
She had no way out and she knew it. It was nuts, but there was nothing she could do. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity she got up and went to the bedroom. There she dug the top and bottom leggings out of the dresser. She stripped off her clothes and put on the top. It hugged her breasts like a second skin, her nipples plainly poking through. The undersides of her breasts were also visible. Slowly she pulled on the bottoms. Her body was now squeezed into the tight elastic material. She could feel the seam of the bottoms pulling between her pussy lips and upward between her ass cheeks. The first step she took almost brought her to her knees. As she walked down the steps, she felt her pussy begin to moisten.
Melissa heard Eric gasp when she walked into the kitchen. She knew he was shocked that she had actually gone through with it. She was shocked herself. As her breasts bounced with her movements, she could feel his eyes watching her. The nipples were poking out and as big as pencil erasers and there were goose bumps up and down her arms.
She looked at him and saw his eyes run up and down her torso until they centered on her crotch. She took a deep breath because she knew that he could see her pussy lips ... and she was getting wet.
There was a look of defiance on Melissa's face as she turned and walked to the sink to do the breakfast dishes. As she stood at the sink she could still feel her son's eyes on her. That sent ripples of unwanted excitement through her. Within a few minutes she felt her juices begin to soak the crotch of her leggings. She squeezed her thighs tighter. However, that only made her excitement worse as she placed pressure on her already swollen clit. She was near climax when she finally finished the dishes.
A moment later, when she turned around, Eric was still staring at her. "I'm going to catch up on some reading," she said as she strode past him feeling her engorged clit pulse with each step. She knew that this was way over the top for a mother/son relationship, but she couldn't help herself. The fact that they were confined to the house, with no way to get away, seemed to create a sexual tension that bordered on uncontrollable. It was crazy, almost surreal.
Suddenly, a strange feeling came over her. Like everything was going to be fine. After all, it was only she and her son here and no one else would ever know. She began to think that whatever happened would be confined to this cabin in the middle of a blizzard in a foreign country. She could control it.
