Chapter 1
This all happened this past summer while I was on vacation before heading off to college. My name is Rick, I just turned 18, and I live in a nice suburb with my folks and younger sister. My parents are both professionals. My dad runs a big think tank in town where they do all kinds of research on nature and shifts in weather. My mom is a sociology professor at the local college, following in her father's foot steps. To say my parents are intellectuals is an understatement. In fact I still don't understand how my sister and I turned out so normal. The one nice thing, though, is that they really never set a lot of rules. They very liberal in their thinking and always have very open minds.
I am a pretty average student, much to my folk's disappointment. I participated in a number of school sports, including golf and tennis. I'm pretty popular in school, with most of the jocks amongst my best friends. My real problems are with the girls in school. While I have no problem getting them to go out with me, when they find out how little experience I have in bed they all drop me like the plague. I could get one of the nerdy girls to stick with me, but it's not what I like. Reminds me too much of my parents and their relationship. Besides I couldn't be seen with anything but a hot chick or I would never hear the end of it from my buddies. What I really needed was to hook up with someone who would show me the ropes and not ridicule me for my lack of experience.
My sister Julie was just the opposite from me. First of all, she was one of the hottest girls in school. She has long blonde hair and a body that just won't quit. She is about a year and a half younger than me, but far more experienced. In fact she was very popular with all the jocks and it wasn't hard to figure out why. On more than one occasion I've heard her sneak a boy into her room and fuck his ass off. I've even thought about asking her for some help, but she wouldn't go for the incest thing. She's far more interested in making fun of my lack of sexual experience and making me the butt of her jokes with her friends.
One of the nice benefits of having my dad's work along with my mom's position is that we live in a real nice home in one of the finer neighborhoods in town. In fact our home is one of the nicer ones with a large pool and tennis court. This accounts for some of my sister's popularity, besides the fact that she puts out. We have every toy and luxury you could think of, which often makes our house the hang-out of choice.
It was early in the summer that my mom announced over supper that she had heard from her parents and that they were coming to spend a few weeks with us. mom's parents were both retired and spent most, if not all of their time traveling around the world. It wasn't unusual to go a year or two and not hear from them except for an occasional postcard. This last period had been close to two years since we last saw them. My granddad was a science professor at a major university until retiring a few years ago. My grandmother owned a bookstore near campus until she sold it when my granddad retired. You would think that they would be nerds like their daughter, but they are just the opposite.
While my mom has always got her nose in a book, my grandparents are fun and lighthearted. They are both in their golden years, my granddad is about sixty eight and grandmother sixty five. Granddad was tall and very handsome, with a real style about him, while my grandmother was still quite attractive. She was about 5' 6" with a cute shape and wispy, strawberry blonde hair. I have always called her "gam", a toddler's mispronunciation of "gram" that stuck. They are both very active and I think it keeps them young.
They arrived early one morning and it was great seeing them and hearing all about all the places they had traveled to. Mom had warned us about keeping our friends visits to a minimum while her parents were here so they could have a nice relaxing visit. I didn't mind so much, but my sister acted like it was totally unreasonable and warned that she wouldn't be around much.
Chapter 2
Both my parents took vacation time so they could be home with my grandparents for a couple of weeks. The first couple of days my Mom had them on the go visiting, shopping, museums, etc. I barely saw them except for at the end of the day, so it was nice to hear that they would be taking it easy for the rest of the trip. Over dinner they asked me about school, sports and girls. I avoided the last subject best I could and concentrated on answering questions about school, work and my latest sports endeavors.
When Gam heard about my making the golf and tennis teams she asked if I could give her some free lessons. It seems that while she plays both quite a bit, she has some bad habits she would like to work on. Traveling so much doesn't give her much chance for individual lessons.
"Sure Gam, name the time, place and sport and I'm all yours." I said.
"OK. How about tomorrow morning we head out to a driving range to work on swing?" she asked.
"You're on. But we don't have to go to a driving range. Dad cleared an area out on the edge of the property as a driving and putting area for me." I responded.
"Terrific!" she said, smiling brightly.
The next morning I was in the kitchen finishing a glass of orange juice and sitting there with my folks when my grandparents walked in. My grandmother caught my eye immediately. She was dressed in a nice looking golf outfit that consisted of a green v-neck short sleeve shirt and a blue wrap around skirt that ended above her knee. The thing that grabbed my attention was my grandmother's figure in this outfit. Up until now she had worn mostly loose fitting outfits that really did nothing to show what might lie beneath. But in this attire it was hard to miss just how good a shape she was in.
Now don't get me wrong, she wouldn't pass as anything but a woman her age. Her face, neck and hands have the wrinkles that you would expect, but the tone of her frame was quite a surprise. She has round, firm, softball sized breasts, a trim waist with just a bit of tummy fat, round hips and what looked like a fairly firm ass. Her legs are her best feature with trim thighs leading to shapely, slender calves and ankles. I couldn't stop watching her as she moved around the room getting breakfast. From behind you could easily mistake her for a woman my mother's age, though she has it all over my frumpy mom.
We were both done and heading out to the back with golf clubs in tow. Gam started drilling me about girls as soon as we were alone.
"Aw, they have been off and on." I told her.
"No one special?" she asked.
"Sometimes. I was dating a girl by the name of Ali for a part of the spring." I said.
"And what happened?" Gam asked.
"Uh...you know. We just went our separate ways." I replied
"Why?" she pursued.
"We just wanted different things. You know...I like mature women." I said, grinning and bumping my hip into hers.
"Flatterer!" Gam yelped, bumping her hip back at mine.
We set up around back and started with long drives. I went first and hit a couple into the woods about 200 yards away.
"Very impressive!" Gam said. "Now keep an eye on my swing, I've developed a nasty slice."
She laid her ball on the tea and took a couple of practice swings before addressing the ball. She set her feet and then swung her hips a couple of times to set herself. I was watching her swing as she drove through the ball and her swing was causing her to lift her heels off the ground too soon.
"Try keeping your feet flat and bend more at your knees and use your hips to drive through the ball" I suggested.
"Uh..I think I know what you mean." Gam replied.
As she set up I crouched down on my knees to get a better look at the club going through the ball. As she swung through, she really made an effort to come out of her bend and stretch on her backswing. What this caused was her skirt to ride high on her legs exposing a good deal of the back of her thighs. In my position I could see her entire thighs all the way to the edge of her panties. She froze in that position to watch her ball and I couldn't help but kneel there and admire the nicest set of legs I had ever seen. I felt a stirring in my groin and an immediate guilt that this was my grandmother I was ogling.
She turned and looked at me as I quickly raised my eyes to meet hers.
"Well, what did you see?" she asked.
"Uh....that was better....try it one more time." I said.
She nodded and put another ball on the tee. This time my attention was solely on my grandmother's hips and legs. I watched intently as she swung her hips while lining up at the ball. Watching her ass sway back and forth underneath her skirt I tried to picture what it would look like without the skirt and quickly felt a lurch in my pants. As she swung I followed the hem of her skirt as it dipped and then quickly climbed the back of her legs and strained against the pull of her hips. The skirt continued its hike up her legs as she stretched onto her toes, revealing the bottom of her silk panties. Once again she froze as she watched her ball, the sun glistening on her tan, sculptured legs. As I stared I felt the blood rush to my dick and inflate it to its full hardness. Unfortunately her ball sliced off to the right, bouncing off a tree.
"Did you see that?" she turned and asked.
"Uh...yea." I said sheepishly as I redirected my gaze up to her face. "You're still coming off your stance a bit too soon. Try it again"
"Can you show me?" she asked.
I was in a sudden panic at the thought of getting to my feet in my condition.
"Uh..sure....put another one on the tee." I said and waited for her to get another ball out of her bag and start to place it on the tee.
With her back to me I quickly got up and took my place behind her. She glanced back at me and then turned her attention back to the ball.
"Is my grip alright?" she asked.
"Uh...here try this." I replied as I reached around her and placed my hands on top of hers. I was careful to keep my hips back and avoid any contact between my straining hard-on and my grandmother's ass. I backed off as she practiced her swing, my eyes glued to her hips and ass. I felt compelled to help her with her swing and moved back in behind her.
"Gam, like this." I said as I reached around and grabbed her wrists and directed a practice swing.
I was close enough to her that I could feel the slightest bit of contact between her ass and my crotch as I fought to keep my hips back. Unfortunately in this position I couldn't really guide her swing. I had no choice but to move in closer, causing my dick to come into contact with her ass. We tried another swing and I could feel her ass bump into my crotch as she swung back and again as it swept up and across my cock as she followed through. I prayed she didn't notice as I quickly pulled my hips back at the conclusion of her swing, my dick now throbbing in its full extension.
"I think I need to try that a couple more times." Gam said without turning to look at me.
"Sure" I replied, breaking out into a cold sweat.
Then she did something I wasn't ready for. As she wiggled her hips and I took grip of her wrists, she moved herself back into me, pressing her entire frame against mine. No mater how I tried I couldn't avoid having my pulsating dick pressed firmly against her wiggling ass. We tried a swing and the firm caress of her ass as it pressed against my cock brought excruciating pleasure that I felt down to my toes.
Once again she didn't seem to notice as we set our feet again for another swing.
"Can you go through this slowly with me Rick?" she asked.
"Oh..sure." I responded.
We slowly swung the club back and then forward as I gave her some tips on what to concentrate on. All the while I could barely concentrate as the sensation of my dick rubbing against her ass was driving me to further depths of lust. As we then set for a real swing I couldn't help myself as I pressed my crotch so tightly against her I swore I could feel my dick rest between the cheeks of her ass. Through the swing I could feel myself nearly cum as my dick slid against her parted cheeks.
At the end of her swing Gam suddenly stiffened and I knew she felt it.
"Why don't we each just hit a few." she said as she turned and faced me, her eyes quickly glancing down at my crotch and then back up at my face.
We hit a couple dozen balls into the woods in a strained silence as I felt just horribly about what I had done. When we were done Gam put her clubs away and looked at me and smiled. "Well that was fun." she said as we turned to go back to the house.
As we walked she reached down and grabbed my hand in hers.
"You know dear, its tough being a teenager. Hang in there. Trust me, some young woman is going to come along and she will be getting far more than she could have hoped for." she said with a smile and then she winked at me.
Chapter 3
I felt a bit uncomfortable around Gam the rest of the day and night, although she seemed to be over it. Every once in a while she would shoot me a knowing glance and smile, and I couldn't figure out if she was just teasing me or taking pity. Imagine her thinking "the poor thing, no girlfriend and he can't control his erections around his own grandmother".
I sort of hid in my room after supper and was about to go to bed when there was a knock on the door. I opened it to find Gam standing there in a pair of silk pajamas. They looked rather baggy and didn't really flatter her in any way.
"Hey! I was wondering if you would be up for a little tennis tomorrow?" she asked.
"Uh....sure...I guess." I responded, shocked that she wanted to.
"Great. How about right after breakfast, before it gets too hot?" she suggested.
"Sure. Sounds good." I said, managing a smile.
"OK. It's a date. Good night sweetheart." Gam said and then leaned in and kissed me on the cheek.
"Uh...Gam...about today...I..." I started, but couldn't finish.
"Forget it. I have." she said, smiling.
I immediately turned red and looked down at the floor.
"Ohhh. Listen, all teenage boys have hormones bouncing off the wall. Its no big deal." she said, taking my head in her hands. She then pulled my head towards hers and kissed me on the lips. It was brief, a couple of seconds or so, but her lips were so soft and warm that I could feel a spike go through my groin.
"Uh..well goodnight." I said and quickly closed the door before my condition became obvious again.
I climbed into bed and despite my best efforts I couldn't stop thinking about her. The lingering feeling of her kiss and the memory of my swollen member pressed against her ass caused my erection to fully inflate. I quickly grabbed the bottle of hand cream I keep in my nightstand. I pulled down my shorts and lathered my dick until it was slick enough to allow my hand to slide up and down smoothly. I then began reliving the morning, sending sparks along my shaft. Within minutes I could feel the cum boiling in my balls and the feeling of release coming over me. I shifted my thoughts to the kiss moments ago and the feel of her lips on mine. In seconds I could feel my hot cream race up my shaft and explode all over my chest and stomach. It was a very intense orgasm, punctuated by the image of me holding my grandmother and kissing her passionately. My mind raced from image to image of her, causing my dick to spew more and more of my hot baby juice all over my stomach and hand.
When it was over I felt weak and spent. I quickly cleaned up and hoped into bed, feeling sleep overtake me.
I woke the next morning and quickly got dressed. I threw on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt for my tennis match with Gam. I got downstairs and everyone except Julie was there. Gam and Granddad were still in their pajamas, eating breakfast.
"Hon, as soon as I'm done I'll go get ready. I can meet you out at the court." Gam said.
"Oh, big tennis match today?" Granddad asked, smiling.
"Uh huh. I'm hoping to get a few tips from our resident pro." Gam responded, smiling at me.
"I heard you were very helpful with her golf swing yesterday Rick." Granddad said.
I immediately blushed at what Gam might have said to him.
"He was. It was nice having him all to myself for a while. " Gam responded, winking at me.
"Uh..I'll..uh..meet you out there Gam." I said, beating a hasty retreat before we could get too far down the path of what happened yesterday.
I slowly walked down to our tennis courts with my glass of orange juice and sat down on one of the wooden benches. Sitting here, I had my back to the house, so I wouldn't be able to see her coming until she opened the gate. I sat there with my mind still reviewing everything that happened yesterday and last night and I was determined to control myself today.
About twenty minutes later I heard the gate swing open and looked to see my grandmother enter. I watched her stroll on to the tennis court. Long, slim, tanned legs stretching to unimaginable heights and then disappearing beneath a very short blue, pleated tennis skirt. It barely covered the twin globes of her round rump. It was a blue one piece tennis outfit that consisted of a tank top with white piping around the edge and a matching skirt with the same white piping along the bottom. I swallowed and hoped that I wouldn't get a hard on right then and there before she'd even tossed the first serve.
She stepped forward and stooped to pick up a wayward ball and I flushed as the tender flesh of her inner thigh and the bottom of her round ass was exposed from beneath the skirt. She had on a pair of black panties that really made the contrasting white flesh of her thighs stand out. I noticed that her ass, though a bit on the wide side, still had a nice shape to it and appeared to have little droop.
She rose, concentrating on bouncing the tennis ball and I noted with admiration her slim but well toned arms as she held her racket casually. Her long, strawberry blonde hair was tied up neatly in a ponytail that flipped around as she moved. She was constantly pushing back strands that flitted about her face. Now holding the ball in one hand, she looked up and smiled at me.
"Ready?" she asked.
I could only nod weakly, dazzled by that smile and those luminous blue eyes on a pleasant face, high cheekbones and a pretty pink mouth. My pulse was beating hard and I knew it wasn't from the thrill of a tennis competition.
I stretched my taut muscles and tried to loosen up, tried to focus on the game at hand, pulling my mind away from my distracting fantasies about my grandmother.
She hit the ball with a smooth stroke and it bounced easily in front of me. I lined it up and hit it back. We had a short rally to warm up and then played for serve. I watched her sixty-five year old body maneuver around the court. Shapely calf muscles and firm thighs flexing as she planted her feet then shifted quickly to a new position. Her concentration and tennis skill was evident as she hit a cross-court forehand that whizzed by me. I flashed her a smile. "Nice one. Your serve."
"Thanks," she replied with a small smile.
She set up for her serve on the baseline and threw the ball high in the air. As she bought her racket back and moved forward over the ball her nicely rounded breasts pressed up against the blue sleeveless top. I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were slightly hard poking obviously through the fabric and her bra. With barely a second to spare I wrenched my concentration back but, lucky for me, her first serve hit the net. I shook my head wondering how I could ever get through this game being as distracted as I was.
Her second serve sailed across the net and hit the service court. I returned it with ease, winning the first point.
"Love-Fifteen," she called.
The game played out and she raced around the court winning her service game by a point. I realized we were in for some good tennis, we were both breathing a little harder. I watched her position her body to receive my serve, a small furrow of concentration on her brow.
After the first set, which I had barely won, we took a quick break for a drink and perched on the wooden bench at the side of the court. She was so close now, I could smell her sweat; it was fragrant and musky; perfume and woman. I breathed her into my nostrils and tried to keep my eyes off her legs stretched out in front of her, her left thigh barely inches from my right hand. She raised the drink bottle to her lips and I noted the pleasing lines of her neck and throat, even with their aging wrinkles and found myself fantasizing about planting my lips in that tiny crevice that pulsed at the base of her throat.
I licked my lips and looked up at the blue of the sky, cloudless and stunning. When I looked down again, I caught her looking at me. Her blue eyes were shining and I thought for a moment that there was something in their depths that looked familiar. I was afraid that we might be about to talk about something uncomfortable again, like girls or my uncontrollable erections. I cleared my throat and wiped the sweat from my brow. Combing my fingers nervously through my short but unruly hair, I glanced at her again.
"You really do play great tennis," I murmured, more to try and calm myself than to make conversation. She looked away then, leaning over to put down the drink bottle.
"Thanks," she said with a pleased smile. "It's been a long time since I've played. Your granddad keeps us running from place to place. I used to take regular lessons before we retired, but now I only get to play on occasion."
"Well you play like you haven't missed a day." I said
"I appreciate the compliment kind sir." she responded. "Ready?"
"Yep." I responded as we got up
Gam reached down to pick up her racket and balls and I ardently watched her. Her short skirt rose up her bare thighs and over the bottom of her ass, revealing that her black panties had partially worked their way into the crack of her ass. This close-up view confirmed that her ass, while a little on the droopy side, had maintained quite a bit of tone. The way her panties were wedged between her cheeks gave me an instant hard-on, as I longed to reach out and caress them.
She turned and said "How about a wager on the match?"
"Sure. Like what?" I asked.
"You call it." she replied, smiling. Every dirty thought I had in the last 24 hours went through my head.
"How about the winner gets one wish fulfilled by the loser?" I asked
"Mmmmmmm. Sounds interesting. You're on." she said and proceeded to her end of the court.
Gam took her position up at the opposite end. I bounced the ball, readying my serve. I was totally mesmerized by Gam's slight sway of her hips as she waited for my serve. The match began as we volleyed back and forth. The hem of her tiny skirt flipped up from each of her quick movements across the court. I especially admired the way her panties hugged and molded to her delectable ass. My cock twitched each time I caught a slight glimpse of one of her butt cheeks peaking out from underneath her panties. I couldn't help but think Gam had one of the finest asses on a woman her age I had ever seen. Thinking about it though, I had to admit, I couldn't remember the last sixty year old ass I had checked out.
The match went on for a while, even though it was clear to me that I was the better player. Gam's flashes of inner thigh and the bouncing of her round tits made concentrating a real chore. As a result I lost several sets and really had to concentrate to pull out the game. As soon as I hit the winner she ran to the net to congratulate me.
"How about two out of three?' she asked, smiling. Her skin glistened in the sun as her breathing caused her tits to rise and fall in an erotic rhythm.
"You're on." I replied
As she turned to go back to her side of the court she turned back.
"What about our wager?" she asked.
"How about the same thing, two wishes?" I replied and she shrugged and shook her head in agreement.
This match came together quickly and Gam seemed very determined to win. Once again concentration came at a premium for me as I lost it over and over watching Gam run around after my volley. In the end I rallied to beat her, placing the winner in the corner, causing her to try and reach for it with her back to me. In her effort her skirt rode high in the back giving me a full view of her round bottom and her wedged panties.
She slowly made her way to net, breathing hard. She offered me her hand and I shook it.
"So what wish, or should I say wishes, can I fulfill for you? she asked smiling.
Again, a number of dirty thoughts crossed my mind, but I thought better of it.
"Uh...I'm not sure." I said, nervous about what to ask for. "How about I save one so I can think about it?"
"Sure. How about the other one?" she asked as she made her way around the court picking up the scattered balls.
"Uh...I see that as a bonus, so I think I'll use it on something easy." I said.
"Oh yea? Like what? she asked as she made her way back towards me.
"Uh...just thought I..uh...would take a kiss." I said, swallowing hard.
"That's it?" she asked, looking surprised.
"Yea...well..I feel kinda funny about yesterday and all...so I thought just a kiss to make sure you still...liked me." I blurted.
"OH Honey!" Gam cried. "I told you, its just part of growing up. Don't think anything of it. You think I'd give you a kiss goodnight and ask you for a game of tennis if I had any hard feelings?"
"No, I guess not." I said sheepishly.
"Besides." she started. "When I thought about it I had to admit I was flattered that I could draw that kind of attention form such a young man!"
"Gam, believe me, you put anyone close to your age to shame." I blurted.
"Well, flattery will get you everywhere. Its time for me to pay up." she smiled and curled her finger at me.
I was so nervous I was jumpy, anticipating that I might not be able to control myself. I stepped up to my grandmother and stopped just before our bodies touched. She had her hands behind her. She looked into my eyes and then leaned forward. I mimicked her actions until our faces came together and our lips touched lightly. The softness of her lips once again lit a fire in my groin and I began to get hard. I pressed my lips a little harder and felt Gam do the same until hers were flat against mine. She made a kissing or smooching sound and I could feel her begin to pull away. I didn't want it to end so quickly, so before she could break the kiss I pressed my lips back on hers. She mad a kind of surprised sound, "ehmmmmm?", and let me kiss her for another five seconds or so. Finally she put her hand on my chest and pulled her face away.
"Uhmmm" she murmered, clearing her throat. "Their goes those teenage hormones again."
"Uh...sorry Gam...it just ......" I started to explain. "It's ok dear." she said, lacing her arm through mine. "Let's go back."
Chapter 4
We walked arm in arm back to the house and found everyone lounging at the pool.
"Well, don't we all look relaxed" Gam pronounced.
Everyone kind of murmured back.
"Well, I'll have everyone know that my grandson here is quite the tennis player. He beat me two straight and I don't think he was even trying." she announced.
"No I really was." I protested.
"Not only that, but we had a side bet and all he wanted from his old Gam was a kiss!" she declared.
"That's my boy!" yelled Granddad. "Get'em anytime you can!"
Everyone laughed and strangely I felt better that no one thought it odd or that Gam seemed to have no reason to keep it a secret.
"Well I think I'm going to take a dip. I'm all glistening." Gam announced, moving towards the sliding glass doors of the kitchen. "How about you Rick?"
"Uh..sure. I just want to check my e-mails and I'll be right down." I responded.
I was a few minutes behind Gam and just caught a glimpse of her as she climbed the stairs to the second floor. I got another eye full of her ass globes quivering beneath her short skirt as she took each last step. I bounded up the stairs and made my way to my room where I whipped off my shorts. My restricted erection sprang free and I gave it a couple of soothing pulls.
My bedroom overlooks the pool and I took a quick glance out. Just my parents and Graddad were lounging around. I figured I would get out some porno magazines under my bed and get some relief. I grabbed the hand cream out of the bedside table and dug the magazines out and sat on the bed. Just as I was about to start I heard some commotion going on outside. I got up and glanced outside to see that Gam had joined them and it appeared that my mom was making a big deal out of my grandmother's bathing suit. Gam was pirouetting, letting my mom get a view of it from the front and back.
From what I could see it was a black one piece, but I was having trouble getting a good look. I grabbed my telescope and adjusted it for short distance. What I saw took my breath away. There was Gam in a suit that looked like it was made of silk screen. It had spaghetti straps that held up a low-cut front that also looked like it was supporting and pushing her boobs up. It was very trim around the waist and then flowed down to a very short pleated skirt. She looked amazing with her deeply tanned skin, cleavage to die for and her gorgeous legs exposed all the way to the edge of her ass.
As I continued to stare I felt my dick pulse and extend even further and I decided to take advantage of this opportunity. I grabbed the cream and lathered up my dick and started stroking it while keeping my eyes on Gam. I drank in every exposed inch of her and felt my oncoming orgasm. As Gam went over to one of the lounge chairs and bent over to lay her towel on it, I got a very close view of her ass with part of her cheeks exposed. That was all I could stand as my dick exploded, firing round after round of heavy hot cream across the room and onto the carpet! I felt my knees shake as I continued to stroke and the cream started dribbling out my slit and onto my hand as my dick continued to twitch in a light-headed, toe-curling release.
As the last of my orgasm washed over me I stepped away from the telescope and grabbed my t-shirt to start blotting up my cum from the carpet. My dick was still rock-hard and I still felt horny as hell. I quickly went back over to the telescope and caught Gam in my sights. She was lying on the lounge chair, one leg bent at the knee. I had a great shot of her mound and I began pulling on my cock once again. I felt a shiver come over me as I stared at the crotch shot I was getting. I stood there and leisurely jerked off for some time, taking in this sight. I loved the combination of my hand sliding up and down my pole as I drank in the view of my grandmother's silky inner thighs and the way her suit gathered over her crotch. I visualized sliding in between those thighs and feeling her silky legs wrap around my hips. I imagined my hand was actually her uncovered pussy as I parted her slick pussy lips with my engorged rod. This put me over the top as I felt a second round of cream rush up my shaft and fire from my twitching cock. While I didn't have much juice to shoot, this orgasm was more intense than the last and I felt my knees buckle. I continued to slowly pull on my shuddering rod until the feeling subsided. I repeated the task of cleaning up and disposing of the evidence.
As soon as I was done I grabbed a bathing suit, carefully pulling it on over my sensitive, semi erect shaft. Two jerk-off sessions hadn't fully sated me as I took one last look through the scope and headed down stairs. Everyone looked up as I entered the pool area. Gam was the only one in the pool, doing lazy laps. I sat on the edge, putting my feet in the water, and watched her make her way across the pool and back. I got in and Gam and I swam around together. Every once in a while she would dive to the bottom, giving me a very close-up view of her partially exposed ass.
We soon started trying to outdo one another with tricks. We ended up daring one another to swim underwater between each other's legs. I went first and took a deep breath, dove below and swam towards her. As I got close I slowed down to take a good look at her widely spread legs and then drove between them. I almost didn't fit and had to worm my way through, my back coming into tight contact with her crotch. As I surfaced I turned toward her and positioned my legs for her attempt. I could make out her outline and as she approached me I closed my legs a bit. She had a tight squeeze and I felt her hand grab onto my upper leg to help pull her through. She turned sideways as she passed between my legs and her shoulder brushed along my groin. Sparks ran through me as her shoulder and upper arm scraped along my balls, causing my dick to shudder and begin to re-inflate.
"Whew...almost didn't make it!" Gam shouted as she surfaced.
"Tell me about it!" I replied. "I nearly drowned! I didn't grab on for any help though!"
"Well...let's agree that you can grab a leg to get through if you need to." Gam responded. "Otherwise I ain't making it!"
"Agreed." I said.
"Again?" she asked.
"Sure. You first?" I asked
"Ok." she said.
She dove once again and swam toward me. I spread my legs just enough for her to get by, provided she grab on again, and tilted my torso towards the water. My cock was pulsating in anticipation and I had a significant bulge below the water line. She poked her head between my legs and then grabbed my upper leg, this time using both hands. She turned sideways and I could feel her shoulder come into contact with my groin. This time she took a bit more upward angle and I could feel her shoulder and then her upper arm slide along my balls and then press against my throbbing cock. She slid more slowly than last time as her shoulder and upper arm took a deliriously long time getting through. As her upper torso cleared my legs I felt one of her hands let go of my leg. As she was almost completely through her other hand turned and then slid up my leg, her fingers slipping under the hem of my suit. As she continued to swim by her fingers grazed high on my leg, just fractions away from my balls. The feeling caused my breath to catch in my throat and my cock to lurch.
"Whew!" Gam yelled as she surfaced, smiling brightly. "I think you were trying to make it hard on me!"
I couldn't tell if that little "feel" was an accident or on purpose by the look on her face, so I decided to test her.
"My turn." I said. "I'm going upside down this time!"
"Oh, fancy huh?" she responded, smiling
I dove under and made my way to her outstretched legs. Just as I got there I turned so I was swimming on my back. I raised my arms along my head and poked through and then grabbed each one of her legs. Holding onto her, my hands positioned on her legs just beneath the skirt of her suit, I pulled my way through. I took a similar upward angle as my chest and stomach grazed her pelvic area. Just as my stomach made it through I bent myself back and pulled my ass up as my crotch came into contact with hers. My dick slid tightly against her, sending shivers through my loins, as I skimmed my entire length across her mound.
"Yea!" I yelled as I came up for air.
Gam had a slight smirk on her face that led me to believe that her little "feel" was on purpose and that I just did her one better.
"That's enough for now. I'm all out of breath." Gam said as she made her way out of the pool.
We spent the rest of the day just lounging about and reading. Every once in a while I would look up and stare at Gam's form lying on the chair. She caught me a couple of times and smiled at me.
Chapter 5
After supper we all went into the Family room to watch tv. My folks had put this room onto the house a few years ago and it was cool. It had a large, flat screen tv. Surround sound, state of the art stereo system and all kind of games. In the middle of the floor was a large sectional couch and on either end were leather lounge chairs with vibrating massage.
Granddad and my father each settled in to the lounge chairs while mom, Gam and I sat on the couch, with Gam in the middle. Both my grandparents and I had changed into our pajamas, with Gam in another pair of silk ones, with short sleeves and some kind of red oriental print. We watched some recent movie on a pay channel that turned out to be quite long. At one point early on dad gave up on it and went to bed, followed by mom. As the movie came to an end I glanced over at graddad and saw he was fast asleep with the vibrating of the chair acting as a lullaby. Gam, who was sitting right next to me, was also fast asleep. She had turned her head towards me and rested it on one of the attached pillows on the back of the couch.
I watched her sleep, noticing how her lips were slightly parted, full and very sexy. I glanced down at her chest, moving up and down in a quiet motion. I could see the outline of her tits, but couldn't make out any nipples jutting out. I felt my dick start to stir as I kept my gaze on her chest. I glanced once more over at granddad and was assured he was out like a light.
I reached down to the first button of her top and slowly unbuttoned it. I gently pulled the sides of the top apart revealing a nice bit of cleavage. I didn't want to unbutton any more for fear she would be suspicious. I pulled the material up away from her body and looked down into it. Gams tits were awesome, round globes with pinkish areoles and soft, eraser shaped nipples. I was mesmerized watching them rise and fall for a bit. I looked up at her face and my attention shifted to her mouth as I could feel my dick steadily expanding in my pajama bottoms. I slowly moved my head down, lining my lips with hers. As I got close enough where I could feel her breath I stopped.
When I was sure she wasn't going to wake, I closed the gap and pressed my lips onto hers. She didn't move at first and I could feel the thrill of it run through me. She soon began to come around and initially started nibbling on my lips in either an attempt to talk or because she was dreaming. I nibbled back a bit and just when I thought she might awaken I quickly broke the kiss, pushed my head back onto the couch and pretended to be asleep. I looked through slits in my eyes as she focused her eyes and looked around, eventually looking at me.
She gently nudged me and leaned in close.
"Rick.....Rick...it's time to go to bed." she whispered.
Suddenly her unclasped button on her top caught her eye and she quickly buttoned it back up. I saw her look at me, studying my face for a few seconds. I decided to try something just as she started to lean back in.
"Rick...honey...wake up....it's time to go up to bed.." she whispered again.
"uhh...gmmst...mssshh...." I grunted, pretending to talk in my sleep.
"Honey...wake up." she said a bit more loudly.
"ummm...Ali....Ali?" I murmured the name of my ex-girlfriend.
"hehehe." Gam laughed softly. "No honey it's Gam"
"Ali.....Ali....c'mon...give me a kiss..." I groaned.
"Rick...your dreaming...c'mon...lets go." she said reaching across my body and grabbing my upper arm in an attempt to pull me up.
"Ali......just...one....kiss..." I murmered again as I snaked my right hand up across her back and gently pulled her towards me.
"Rick...honey...stop...it's Gam" she said a bit more insistently. Her hand slipped down my arm and landed just above my lap. With her hand pressing there it caused my pajama bottoms to tent over my twitching erection. As she attempted to straighten herself it caught her eye.
"Oh!" she moaned under her breath as she glanced at the bulge in my lap. She quickly moved her hand to rest on my thigh.
I continued to gently try to draw her towards me and she continued to resist. I stopped for a second and she relaxed, thinking I was waking.
"Ali......." I moaned suddenly and tugged at her.
I timed it perfectly as she turned back to face me, before she had a chance to settle. As I tugged at her she tilted towards me, her lips meeting mine.
:Mmmmphh" she moaned as our lips sealed.
In her attempt to disentangle herself her hand grazed across my hard-on, sending shivers up my spine. Gam didn't really try to break away, but just sat there as I pressed my lips against hers. My dick was pulsating like crazy, aching for a flat surface to rub against. After a few seconds I could feel Gam relax, her lips softening and meshing against mine.
"Mmmmmm" she moaned against my mouth.
Her right hand slowly rose up, hesitating for a moment before landing on my cheek. She caressed it as she returned the kiss, pressing her lips back against mine. Then her hand left my cheek and drifted back down to my thigh. She ran it up my leg and then across my lap. It came to rest at the base of my balls and then swept up my entire shaft, firmly caressing it. It was more than I could stand as my senses went into overload. My dick twitched in my pants and spewed hot cum all over the inside of my pants. My entire body shuddered, causing Gam to react and break our kiss.
I peeked through slits to see her look down at her hand, which had come to rest just above my dick. I saw the expanding wet spot on my crotch and realized her hand was sitting in the edge of it.
"Ohhhh!" she exhaled, running her left hand through her hair. "What was I doing?"
She quickly got up and went over to waken Graddad to tell him to go to bed. She then came up behind me and shook my shoulders.
"Uhhhh....Rick...wake up...we're going up to bed." she said as her voice cracked.
I immediately pretended to come around and by the time I turned around she had left the room. I got up, the crotch of my pajama bottoms clinging to me and made my way up to my room. All in all I wasn't exactly upset with what had just happened. It was one of the most intense orgasms I had ever had, kissing my grandmother and cumming as she stroked my dick. Not bad!
Chapter 6
The next day Gam was somewhat awkward around me, especially at breakfast. I did my best acting, pretending I didn't remember a thing.
"How did the movie end?" I asked.
"Don't ask me, I was long gone by then." Granddad announced.
"Didn't you make it to the end?" Gam asked.
"Nope" I lied. "I couldn't keep my eyes open. The only thing I remember is you waking me to go to bed."
"Oh. Well I guess we are all in the same boat." she responded stiffly.
She announced that her and granddad were going out shopping and hitting an afternoon movie and that they would be back by supper. In a flash they were out the door and I was left wondering if I had caused irrevocable harm between my grandmother and me.
It seemed the day dragged on and I spent it thinking of something to say to her when she got back. On the other hand she was the one that caressed my dick, so maybe she was the one feeling guilty. There had to be a way to put things right and let this little game between her and I continue. I decided to go hang with some of my buddies in the hope that a change of scenery might help me think. Then one of my friends said something totally unrelated that gave me an idea I thought might work.
I got home just as everyone was sitting down for supper. Everyone made the usual small talk about their day around the dinner table. We finished, cleaned up and everyone settled in for the rest of the night. Mom, dad and granddad were all in the family room watching tv, but Gam was conspicuous by her absence. I went to go and look for her and soon discovered that she was in the study reading. She was sitting in one of the overstuffed leather chairs with a footrest. She had a silk pajama set on similar to the one she wore last night.
"Gam....can I talk with you for a second? I asked.
"Oh...uh..su...sure." she responded.
"I...uh...need to ask you something." I said, as I sat on the footrest.
"Oh...uh huh." she said worriedly.
Uh....I had a bit of an accident last night and I'm worried that you might have seen it and think I'm a pervert" I blurted out.
"Wh...what are you talking about?" she asked.
"Uh....I..had an accident during a dream I had on the couch last night. It...it was about an ex-girlfriend. I...I got overly excited and...uh....I...you know...stained my pants and I thought you might have seen them and...think less of me." I cried.
"Oh....oh honey....I didn't see...uh....anything" she answered. "Even if I did it wouldn't matter. It's normal for a young boy like you to have....nocturnal emissions."
"Really?" I asked. "So you're not creeped out by me?"
"Kkkkrrrppptt" Gam failed at suppressing a laugh. "NO, I am not creeped out by you!"
"I am so glad Gam!" I said, tears filling my eyes
"Oh! C'mere." she said and held her arms out to me.
I leaned into her and snuck my arms around her waist as she put her arms around my neck. She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and hugged me tight. I returned the hug and could feel her soft breasts press into my chest. She pulled away and looked at me with a smile on her face.
"Now. Tell me what other kind of sport can we do together tomorrow? she asked.
:Uhh, gee, let me think." I said. "Well, I roller blade."
"Roller blade??" she responded with a look of horror on her face. "Do you want to get me killed?"
"No, no, it's not that hard." I said.
"Oh, sure!" she replied, grinning.
"No really. If you ever were on roller skates or ice skates these are actually easier to keep your balance." I told her.
"I don't think so. What else have you got?" Gam asked.
"Uh...well we could go out on my All Terrain Vehicle" I said.
"That sounds like fun." she responded, smiling. "On the condition that you teach me how to drive?"
"You're on!" I said. "We have a path that goes right behind all the homes in the development."
I hugged and kissed her and went to bed. I was so relieved that things were back on track between us.
The next morning I came down to see my grandfather and father sitting at the table eating breakfast.
"So I understand your going to teach your grandmother how to drive an atv?" Gramps asked grinning.
"Yea." I replied.
"Well, just keep an eye on her. She has a real lead foot!" he laughed.
"I'll try to keep her under control." I said.
"Your grandfather and I are going out golfing this morning. Tell your mother we'll see her this afternoon." Dad said as they got up and left.
I grabbed some cereal and orange juice and sat and ate, waiting on Gam. About a 10 minuets later she came bounding in to the kitchen. I dropped my spoon when I saw what she had on. She was wearing a blue-grey, ribbed tank top and a pair of white denim shorts. By the way her tits jiggled as she walked there was no way she had a bra on, but the material hid any signs of nipple. She had her hair tied up in back and a pair of white sneakers. To say she looked amazing would be an understatement.
"Well we ready to go?" Gam asked smiling as she poured herself a glass of orange juice.
"Uh...sure.." I replied, still trying to take in what she had on. "Do you want to eat first?"
"Nah, I'm not hungry right now. Your Mom and I thought we would go out to brunch later." she replied.
I quickly finished my breakfast and we made our way outside. I followed Gam out to the shed where I kept the atv, unable to tear my eyes off her round ass swaying in those white shorts. By the time we reached the shed I had a raging hard on. I managed to hide it as I got the vehicle out of the shed and started it up. Over the roar of the engine, Gam pointed to the helmets hanging in the shed and I shook my head no. I told her that we wouldn't be going anywhere rough where we would need them.
She got on and snuggled herself real close, her soft, round tits firmly pressing into my back. I had a small sissy bar on the end of the seat, so there was no danger of her falling off as we moved forward. I picked up the trail behind our house and took a leisurely ride through the woods, staying on the well-worn trail. Gam had her arms wrapped around my waist and her chin was rested on my shoulder so she could look ahead. Through the vibration of the engine I could feel Gams nipples pierce my back and every small bump caused them to slide up and down. After a while she tapped me on the shoulder and shouted in my ear that it was her turn.
I stopped the atv and we swapped places, Gams ass nestling in close to my crotch. I quickly went through the controls with her and told her to take it nice and slow. As we pulled away I wrapped my arms around Gam's waist and pulled her close to me, resting my chin on her shoulder. She made her way across the trail at an easy pace, taking in all the scenery.
As she became more comfortable she increased speed a bit, giving us a little bumpier ride. The direct result of this was as we hit a rough patch her ass would slightly rise and then fall against my crotch. This was hardly an unpleasant sensation evidenced by my rapidly hardening cock. I began timing it so I would thrust my crotch up at the same time, essentially dry-humping my grandmother's ass.
After a few bumps and grinds she slowed the vehicle down a bit, but to my surprise continued to wiggle her ass against my crotch as she drove. I returned her thrusts as my dick reached full erection. We were about 100 yards from the clearing that would take us to the end of the cull-de-sack. We continued our little game, pretending that every little bump caused her ass to meet my crotch until we gave up any pretense and fell into a non- stop rhythm.
It was driving me to the brink of insanity as she'd gently thrust her ass against my rock hard dick. I started to caress her stomach with my hands, making small circular motions across her abdomen. I noticed Gam was having trouble concentrating on the road as we drifted from one edge to the other. My hands started making bigger circles, coming into contact with the bottom edge of her tits. I lowered my head and started planting small kisses along her shoulder and collar bone. She tilted her head, giving me greater access to her neck as she increased the pressure of her ass thrusts against my dick.
I slowly worked my hands up her torso until I was lightly caressing her tits with my finger tips. At the same time I was kissing a trail across her shoulder and up her neck. She was becoming more and more antsy in her seat, rubbing her shoulder blades into my chest, matching the thrusts of her ass. I began laying open mouth kisses on her neck, sucking on it and caressing it with my tongue.
"Ohhhhhhhh." I heard Gam moan as my tongue hit a sensitive spot on her neck and her body tensed up for a second. I could hear her breathing becoming more ragged as my mouth attacked her neck.
She had stopped paying any attention to the trail by now as the atv slowed to a crawl. I stopped my fingertip massage of her breasts and palmed them firmly. I could feel her erect nipples scrape the inside of my hands as I kneaded her soft, round tits. I opened my mouth wide as I vigorously sucked at the side of her neck.
"UUHHhhhhhhhhh." Gam moaned again as she tilted her head even more, urging me on in my assault on her neck. She began undulating in her seat, thrusting her ass firmly against my prodding dick and shoving her tits into my caressing palms.
Suddenly I felt a slight jolt as the atv hit the edge of the street, coming to a stop at the opening to the cull-de-sack. Neither one of us stopped as I continued to trail hot, open mouth kisses up her neck. She reached up with her left hand and grabbed the back of my head, pulling my face into the side of her neck. I kissed along her neck up to her jaw line as I continued kneading her tits. We slightly lifted ourselves off the seat and her ass began fervently sliding against my throbbing member. I could feel the cum bubbling in my balls and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. My mind began to race as I though about how quickly I could get those shorts off her and shove my pulsating dick up her waiting twat.
I kissed my way up her jaw line to her chin as she slowly brought her head down towards mine. I glanced up and saw Gam had her eyes closed and her face was a mask of lust.
As my mouth sucked on her chin she pulled on my head, lining up her mouth with mine. She pulled my head forward and our lips lightly touched, sending shock waves throughout my body. I felt her tug my head again and just as our mouths were merging I heard my mother's voice in the distance!
This broke Gam out of her trance and she quickly pulled her head away from mine. We both looked out at the direction my mother's voice had come from and could see her waving at us as she walked away from our neighbor's house. Gam quickly glanced at me, trying to shake the cob webs loose and then got off the atv. She waved back at my mother and started walking towards her on slightly rubber legs.
"Hi mom. Are you ready for brunch or do you two have more exploring to do?" she asked smiling.
"Uh..uh..no..we..uh..have done quite enough for today. Lets go" Gam replied.
"See yah hon." Mom said.
"Bye dear." Gam said as they walked away.
I couldn't believe how close I had just come to fucking my own grandmother! My dick was still throbbing in my shorts and it was crying out for relief. I turned the atv around heading back into the woods. As soon as I was sure I was deep enough that no one could see I stopped, pulled my shorts down and started pulling on my dick. I re-lived what had just happened and the feeling of Gam's soft tits in my hands when my dick lurched and I spewed a thick, hot rope of cream across the forest floor. I continued pumping as my cock discharged shot after shot of my scalding seed.
Eventually I stopped cumming and sat back in the seat, catching my breath. My dick remained full erect, pulsing in rhythm with my racing heart. I gave it a long, hard tug and felt a shiver wash over me. God, my grandmother really turns me on and I felt excided about this latest episode! I decided against another jerk-off round and slowly pulled my pants up and drove the atv back towards my house.
Chapter 7
Mom and Gam disappeared for close to the entire day, which did nothing for my blood pressure. I was extremely anxious to see what Gam's attitude would be and if there was any shot that this morning was a preview of things to come.
They got home late in the afternoon and immediately started fixing supper. Gam seemed like her old self, but it was tough to gage since Mom never left us alone. We all ate dinner and then hung out outside chatting until nightfall. I still couldn't tell how Gam felt about this morning since I didn't get an opportunity to get her alone.
We all retired to the family room as usual except for Gam who went up stairs to get changed. We were just scanning through the channels looking for something to watch when Gam walked in. My mouth hung open and my mother gasped when we saw her.
"Mother! What the hell do you have on?" she asked.
"What??" asked my grandmother as she looked down at her self.
She had on a pair of cream colored pajamas that looked like they were made out of crepe paper. The top was tapered, sleeveless and ended at her waist. It buttoned down the front and had a scoop neck that showed of a hint of cleavage. The bottoms were also snug, tied at each hip and then had an open slit that traveled all the way down her leg until it finally closed around her ankle with snaps.
"These are all the rage in Egypt." Gam replied to my mother, dismissing her obvious displeasure. "Besides, it's not like I'm going out in them."
Mom shot her another glare of disgust and then looked over at me to see if I had noticed. I couldn't take my eyes off her as she walked around the front of the couch to take a seat. As she walked the slits would billow open, exposing her bare legs from the base of her hip to the start of her ankle. I felt my dick stir as I watched her until she settled down on the opposite end of the couch. Unfortunately as soon as she sat the material all closed up, hiding any exposed flesh.
We finally picked a movie to watch, but I was suddenly very thirsty and left to go get a drink in the kitchen. I was having a hard time being in that room with Gam not being able to talk about what happened today. As I lingered in the kitchen I was surprised to see Gam walk in.
"Rick we need to talk." she started.
"Oh, sure" I replied, having a hard time tearing my eyes off the way she looked in those pajamas.
"You've probably been thinking about what happened today during our ride in the woods." she stated.
"Well...yea...I can't stop thinking about it." I confessed.
"I figured as much." Gam said. "I have been thinking about it as well."
This brought a smile to my face and a surge through my dick. Gam looked at me and her expression changed.
"Uh...honey..I think we just need to kind of cool it between us. What happened today and everything that has lead up to it is....wrong." she said.
I immediately felt a pang in my stomach and my dick quickly shriveled.
"Oh" I said with disappointment.
"Honey, listen to me. I am as much at fault as you are. I admit that I allowed some feelings to take over when I have been around you that I shouldn't have. You...you have aroused some long dormant instincts in me that I thought were long past. I....I need to be able to control them again and the only way I can think to do that is to make sure we aren't put in a setting that would let them take over." she said.
"I see." I said, again deflated.
"Do you understand?" she asked.
"Yea." I replied.
"Good. Now why don't you come back in and watch a movie with us. It's starting in about 20 minuets." she said.
"I...I'll be in in a bit." I said.
I watched her turn and walk out, her ass jiggling in her pajamas. I couldn't go back into that room so I took my water and went in the opposite end of the house to the 3 season porch. I sat there and just stared into space, finding it hard to control the disappointment I was feeling. I must have sat there for close to a half an hour when I heard footsteps coming down the hall. Suddenly Gam appeared from the shadows and walked in.
"Oh here you are! Aren't you going to come watch the movie?" she asked.
"No, I don't feel like it." I replied.
"Oh, c'mon. Its lonely in there without you." she said.
"Maybe later." I said.
"Now, now. No reason to pout." she said in a teasing voice as she moved closer to me.
I ran my eyes up and down her frame, the dim light in the room doing a nice job of revealing her form under the pajamas. She came right up to where I was sitting, her legs touching my knee caps.
"Let's go" she said, smiling, as she held her hands out for me to grab.
I reached out and grasped her hands in mine and felt her pull. Something deep inside me gave me the courage to try something I had been dying to do all day. As she pulled I pulled back and we had this brief tug of war. For some reason she relented and allowed me to pull her forward. By the smile on her face I think she thought I was playing another one of our games. I sat up as I tugged her down and toward me, getting no resistance. Before she could react I navigated the space between us and fastened my lips on hers.
"MMmmmphhh!!!!" Gam groaned against my lips in protest, her wide-eyed look conveying her disapproval.
I held her hands down by my legs, giving her little ability to escape as I pressed my parted lips against hers, savoring the soft, supple feel of her mouth. She struggled half-heartedly, trying to free her hands from mine. In the next moment she stopped and I could feel her lips begin to yield against mine and then start to return the kiss. My heart was beating wildly in my chest, my dick surging, as my lips moved against hers and Gam let out a small whimper. I released her hands and they came up and rested on my shoulders as she returned my kiss with more willingness. Finally I felt her hands push against me and her face lift away, peeling our lips apart.
"Rick....we...we...can't." she muttered out of breath.
I just stared at her all glassy-eyed, my heartbeat ringing in my ears. I reached up and grabbed her hand and brought it to my lips, kissing it softly.
"Oh Rick.....please." Gam pleaded, watching me caress her hand with my lips but never pulling it away.
She looked into my eyes and I could see the conflict raging inside her. I decided to make the decision for both of us. I pulled on her hand, drawing her back towards me and she offered no resistance. She seemed to glide to me as I sat back on the couch, her legs parting on either side of mine as she floated onto my lap. Her ass slid down my legs until her crotch settled over mine, sending sparks through in my rapidly stiffening cock.
Her eyes never left mine as her hands landed softly on my shoulders. We stared at one another for several moments, Gams breasts heaving in her chest. We suddenly leaned in to one another and our parted mouths collided in a fervent, hungry kiss!
"MMMMmmmm!!!!" she moaned as she wrapped her arms around my neck in a passionate grip.
I clutched her to me, grasping her so tight I thought I might break her. Our tongues dueled as our kiss reached fevered heights, lips ravenously grinding together. Her hands ran wildly through my hair, clutching and grabbing. She pushed her tits against me and then thrust them up and down, scrapping her rock hard nipple against my chest. I shoved my hands underneath her top, kneading her naked back. I ran my hands around her sides and to her stomach and then slid them quickly up, capturing a soft, round breast in each. I fondled a nipple with each thumb, stroking and pulling at them while mauling her tits in my hands.
This drove Gam nuts as she shoved her tits against my hand and mashed her mouth against mine, driving her tongue down my throat. I had to see what I was feeling and quickly pulled my hands down and out of her top. I began unfastening her top, struggling with the tiny buttons. Gam broke our kiss and placed her forehead on mine looking down at my hands.
"Uhhmmmmm. Uhhmmmmm." she whined in sexual distress as she started helping me with her top. She was feverishly pulling and shoving at the buttons, frantically trying to get them undone, her fingers shaking in uncontrollable lust.
We finally succeeded as her top fell open and I glanced at her mouthwatering globes, heaving up and down in rhythm with her breath. I reached up and stripped her of the top, pushing it off her shoulders and down her arms. I quickly grabbed at them again, squeezing and massaging them in my hands. Gam meanwhile was working on my t-shirt, yanking and pulling it up my back and chest until I had to let go of her tits so she could pull it completely off.
Finally we both sat there, naked from the waist up, Gams tits close enough that her nipples were lightly scrapping my chest. I desperately wanted to feel them pressed against me. I pulled her to me and our open mouths merged in another illicit, ravenous kiss. My cock lurched as I felt her tits flatten against my chest, her nipples meeting mine in unyielding kiss of their own. I desperately wanted to feel the rest of her soft, supple skin against mine. I caressed the area just above her waistband, slowly working my way down. I grabbed the ties to her pajama bottoms in each hand and pulled on them, untying each side. They fell, the back puddling at the base of her mostly exposed ass while the front was hung up between our tightly pressed stomachs. I reached around and swept my hands down her back and across her uncovered ass, grasping a cheek in each hand. It felt soft, malleable and cool to the touch as I pawed at them.
As I was pulling and kneading her ass, her twat was sliding across my dick. Without breaking our unrelenting kiss, this seemed to catch Gam's attention as she began to deliberately grind her crotch against mine. This touched off an even higher state of arousal between us as we furiously kissed and mauled at one another, shoving and pressing our groins together. Just as I thought I might cum as a result of all this, Gam stopped and lifted her ass, giving her the room to shove her hand down the front of my shorts. My breath caught in my throat as Gams hand wrapped around my twitching cock, pulling at it urgently.
As we continued to swap spit in an ongoing, frantic kiss, she released my dick from her grip and grabbed the waistband of my shorts. She determinedly started pulling off my shorts, working them over my hips. I helped by raising my hips, making it easier for her to shove them down my legs and onto the floor.
"OHhhhhhhhh Riiiiicckkkk!!!! Gam moaned into my mouth as she lowered her mound on top of my cock, squirming and writhing against me.
As we ground against one another I could feel my cock wedge between Gams pussy lips and it seeped a streak of lubricant across my shaft. She began moving against me with more urgency as her craving reached a fever pitch.
"Ohhhhh Rickkkkkkkk!!!! I can't stand it anymore!!" she groaned.
Grasping my cock, she guided it to her dripping cunt lips and slowly lowered her pussy on to my rigid cock shaft. Every nerve in my body went off as I felt the heat of her lips part and slowly surround the head of my shaft. Once she felt the head penetrate her channel, she slowly lowered herself until my completely hard bar of twitching flesh was buried in her pussy. She leaned forward and allowed her rigid, perky nipples to brush my lips. I was quick to open my mouth and suck one in. My tongue played around the little hard shaft of flesh, as I sucked a generous amount of her breast into my mouth. She pulled the swollen nipple from me, and glued her lips to mine, our tongues entwined and thrust against each other as she began a slow glide up and down my pole of rigid flesh.
I couldn't believe how snug and warm she was. I couldn't believe I was fucking my own grandmother and she was riding my cock with her broad ass bouncing against my braced legs! In my wildest dreams, I had never imagined that fucking her would be this good! My cock felt like it was being grasped by a hand and I could feel her muscles clutch my prick, squeezing it as she raised and lowered her ass as it was engulfing my cock head. Then I heard her begin to grunt and groan, and rock her ass from front to back, as she drug her clit against my cock base and this time she cried out as the lust overtook her.
"Honey, It feels soooo gooood . . . ohhhhhhh god, uh huh, uh huh, push, oh, honey, push!!!!!!!" she cried.
I didn't didn't need any urging to push my throbbing cock into my grandmother's clutching channel. I was too near my climax to be able to hold off anymore. The excitement of it all and the desire to prolong the fucking had allowed me to hold this long, but now I could feel the juice starting up my shaft. I thrust my pelvis up against her and groaned deep in my throat as the juice traveled up the tube.
"Ungggg, ahhhhhh ahhhhhhh," I gurgled.
Gam felt the thrusting and knew what it meant as she drove harder down against my cock. As the first shot of white cum hit her womb, she screwed her ass against my pelvis and made sure my cock was pressed tight into her as far as possible. She clamped her mouth against mine and our tongues fucked each other as I shot my load after load of cum into my grandmother's hot pussy. We each pushed against the other, trying to get as much of my cock into her as possible. The pressure subsided and her mouth slid from mine and her lips traced a line on my neck. She lay half in a stupor, runting her twat against the base of my dick. Even though she hadn't cum she seemed to sense that we needed to catch our collective breaths.
The orgasm for me had been a mind blowing experience and it took some time to recover. When Gam did become aware of her surroundings again, she wiggled slightly and I answered with a thrust into her still engulfing pussy. We lay there kissing and caressing one another, basking in the feeling of our illicit act. I palmed each of her breasts and played with each nipple. Our kissing intensified as our mouths fused together and our tongues intertwined. She squeezed her arms around my neck and I responded by pulling her tightly to me. We were in fully ignited passion as we kissed wildly and clutched and grabbed at one another. As Gam and I wrestled against each other she suddenly seemed to notice that my throbbing cock was still fully erect and filling her sopping wet channel.
"Oh, my god!" she gasped as she pulled her mouth from mine. "You're still hard. I can't believe it!"
A second later she was riding my cock like she hadn't been fucked in months, which I found out later to be true. She drove my prick as far up her pussy as she could get it, and then raising each time until the head was on the verge of coming out of her clasping lips before thrusting her weight down the pole to bottom out against my balls.
"Sooooo good, honey, sooooo good!!!!!!" she panted. "It's been too long!!!!!
I grunted as I drove into my grandmother. I thrust my cock up into her pussy time after time, feeling the sides of her channel closing around it, as I forced my dick up her sopping wet tube. I had never felt anything so wonderful as my grandmother's hot inner lips wrapping around my pulsating cock. I wished I could fuck her forever. Fuck her, and suck her pussy, lick her clit and suck her full, pointed, hard nippled tits.
Gam was moaning with every thrust now as we drove at one another. I knew it had been quite a while since she had been fucked as good as she was being fucked now, and my cock seemed to fit perfectly inside her hot, soaking channel. I sucked at her neck and reached around to grab a fleshy cheek of her ass in each hand. I started pulling on her ass with each up stoke of my cock as I desperately wanted to get more of it up her fiery passage.
My actions caused her to speed up and try to get more and more of my rod into her. Then I felt my balls twitch and I began to tense. She knew I was ready to fill her pussy again with my hot, white, sticky fluid and I knew she wanted to cum with me. But this time she seemed to want to feel me do it as I drove into her.
"OHHHHHH RICKKKKK!," Gam grunted as she slammed her twat down over my dick until she hit rock bottom. "OHHhhhhhhhh GOD THIS FEELS SOOO GOOOOD!!!!"
She began to thrash about on top of me, pulling herself up and down with abandon, grabbing the top of the couch behind me she slid on my shaft. She arched her back to take more of me into her as I felt her cunt start to clutch and grip at my cock. As she looked into my face, the look of pure aching pleasure on hers combined with the tortuous clasping of her pussy pushed me over the edge. I went numb as my dick pulsated uncontrollably and my hot baby-making juice rushed up and out of my dick.
She felt the first shot of my cum hit her cervix and her own oncoming orgasm sent chills up her spine, shaking her body into a rapture she could no longer control.
"Ohhhhhhh my god, Riiiccccccckkk!! Ohhhh mmmyyy gooood!!. Ohhh . . . I'm gonna cum, honey!! You're gonna make me cuuuummm!!! Make me cummmm. Ohhhh Rick!!!" Gam gushed uncontrollably. "I'mmmmm cuuummmiinnnggg!!!!!!!!!"
As she involuntarily shoved her ass down, I drove my cock deep in her pussy and shot load after load of white juice into her.
"OHhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I moaned as my entire body felt like it was on fire.
"UUHhhhhhhhhhhhh!! Gam cried as her body shook in orgasmic overload, her pussy twitching and clasping around my shaft.
Neither Gam nor I could stop the inevitable thrusting as we answered natures drive to get my seed deep into her. As I shot round after round from my cock and our juices mixed, we stared into each other's eyes in a look of pure lust. I felt that at that moment there would always be this acknowledgement between us that we had come together as a result of a pure, unyielding need and had merged our bodies together in the universal mating process and found the other an exciting partner. And what was more, we each experienced a mind numbing pleasure in the act, not once, but twice! Our thrusting slowed, then stopped, and we sat there drained and sated, reveling in the afterglow. My cock, still partially erect, rested in her pulsating pussy.
Gam had her head rested on my shoulder as we attempted to catch our breath. I slowly caressed her naked back as our mingled juices began to seep out of her pussy.
"Oh...were going to make a mess here if were not careful." Gam said as she lifted her head to look at me.
Our eyes locked and there was recognition in our gaze that our relationship would never be the same. Gam thrust her pussy down on my cock as a non-verbal communication that told me there were no regrets. We leaned in and our mouths merged in a deep, soulful kiss that caused my heart to race. We sat there kissing deeply like long committed lovers.
"I better run upstairs before I leak all over the place" Gam said as she broke our kiss.
She raised herself slowly off my semi-hard dick until the head pulled out with a soft "plop" Gam grabbed a small blanket off the couch and shoved it between her legs in order to stem the tide of our co-mingled juices. She gathered up her pajamas and swiftly left the room. I sat back, smiling at the thought that I had finally gotten laid!
Chapter 8
I slept like a rock that night and woke feeling great, with my usual morning erection. I lied in bed for a while reliving my session with Gam as I rubbed my hard cock against the cool sheets of my bed. I was anxious to see how soon Gam and I could be alone to continue what we started last night.
I made my way down stairs and found everyone sitting around the kitchen table eating breakfast. I poured myself a glass of orange juice and walked over to the table, trying to catch a knowing glance from Gam. Everyone was busy talking about their plans. I was dismayed to learn my Grandparents were going out for the day. My parents each had errands to run and my sister was hanging with friends.
Soon everyone rose and started cleaning up and leaving the room. Gam seemed to be taking her time and I thought it was because she wanted to be alone with me. As soon as everyone was out of the room I snuck up behind her. She was wearing a short silk robe with a matching night gown underneath. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her back against me.
"Whaaaa??? What do you think you're doing??!!!" Gam spat as she turned quickly, breaking my hold..
"What...I..I...just..." I sputtered.
"Do you realize what could happen if anyone even suspected that we...." she started.
"I...just figured that everyone was gone so...." I answered.
"Listen to me Rick. I will not take the risk of hurting anyone in this family due to our acting on some pent up emotions!" she stated.
"I...I don't understand." I said.
"Think! What kind of pain do you think certain people in this family would experience if they knew what occurred between us last night?" she asked.
"I guess." I said, unable to hide my disappointment.
My grandmother saw the look on my face and softened her mood.
"Look, hon, I'm not blaming you. We both had a lot to do with what happened last night. It doesn't mean we have to be foolish and keep acting on these urges." she said.
I didn't answer her, but just looked down at the floor. I could sense my Grandmother softening some more.
"Rick...we just can't take anymore chances." she said and turned and left the room.
I was pretty depressed the rest of the day. I was really looking forward to having wild sex with Gam all the time. I had imagined all the places we could use and the variety of positions we could experiment with.
It was late when everyone got back and we were soon all eating dinner. Gam was friendly, but in a guarded way. She was careful not to be alone with me or put us in too close proximity. Before long we were all in the family room watching a movie. I kept stealing glances at her as she sat on the coach wearing a lounging dress that was sleeveless and came down about mid thigh. When she first sat down the hem rode up a bit on her leg. I kept glimpsing over at her, looking at her legs and remembering what it felt like to have them sliding up and down against mine.
At one point she happened to look over at me and caught me staring at her legs. She shifted uncomfortably at first, tugging at the hem of her dress. She soon caught me looking once more and just returned my glance until I looked away. The third time she caught me she gently swung her legs down off the couch and slowly crossed them. She turned her hips toward me as the hem rode up her thighs, giving me a clear shot of her shapely legs and thighs. My cock lurched in my pants as I wondered if she did this on purpose. My answer came quickly as the next time our eyes met she raised one leg slowly off the other revealing her silk panties to me and then rested it back down in such a way as to expose her entire leg and thigh all the way to the edge of her panties. I lost all thought as I sat there and stared at her creamy thighs and toned calves. My dick immediately began to inflate until it was rock hard and threatening to burst out of my shorts.
I was still confused by her behavior considering the lecture I got this morning. Then I began to think she was just going to tease me like this and I got angry. I suddenly got up and announced I was going to bed, shooting Gam a dirty look as I went by. I made my way to my room, quickly stripping off my clothes. My dick was still hard and swung in front of me like an angry lance. I lied on my bed and grabbed some hand cream, lathering up my cock. I began to think about the leg shot I just got from Gam, pushing aside my anger.
After a few strokes I fell into a nice rhythm, picturing myself approaching Gam on the couch and ravishing her. I sped up my strokes as my fantasy played out, my hands pushing her dress up and off her body violently and then grabbing her hips and pulling them towards me. She try's to fight me off, but I grab her hands and pin them behind her head as I line up my throbbing dick with the entrance to her pussy and thrust myself inside her. I begin to plunge my dick in and out of her damp twat as she struggles beneath me. I quicken my pace as I begin to feel my grandmother respond to me and soon we are thrusting back and forth at one another. I soon feel myself reach the point of no return as my cream starts to rush up the length of my cock and then spew all over my bare chest and stomach.
I am brought back to reality as I milk every drop of hot juice from my pulsating rod, my whole body heaving in exhaustion. As my orgasm subsides I am overwhelmed with a feeling of guilt over my little fantasy. I know my grandmother got me mad with her little tease show downstairs, but taking her by force is something I could never do. I turned out the light and tried to go to sleep. After much tossing and turning, I convinced myself that tomorrow would be a better day, and sleep came over me.
Chapter 9
I awoke the next day feeling pretty good and quickly showered and got dressed. I was determined to confront Gam today about last night and get an understanding about just what is and isn't acceptable behavior. Let me get this straight, I can't touch you but you can tease the shit out of me? I don't think so!
When I got downstairs mom and dad where at the table alone, eating. Mom was staring out the window while dad read the paper. They both greeted me and asked about my plans for the day.
"I think I might go hang with some of the guys" I told them.
Mom announced that she was going out to tend to her garden and dad said he was going to see if granddad had any interest in hitting some golf balls into the woods at the back of the house. Mom finished up and headed outside while dad continued to read the paper.
A few minutes later my grandparents came down and joined us. Once again Gam's attire grabbed my full attention. She had a pink beach cover-up on that clung to every inch of her frame. It was made out of thin cotton and came down about mid-thigh. It had white piping around the scoop neck and was held up by spaghetti straps tied at her shoulders. I stared at her as she made her way around the kitchen and I realized by the movement of her tits that she was naked underneath. I happened to look at my dad for a second and even he had put his paper down and was watching her.
I was moving around the kitchen getting myself some orange juice and cereal while my grandparents each poured themselves some coffee. Granddad sat down at the table while Gam continued to float around, getting the bread for some toast. At one point we needed to go around one another at the kitchen island and as I passed her she stuck her hip out ever so discreetly, causing it to rake across my dick!
Again, I thought to myself, was that intentional or just an accident? I leaned back against the counter opposite the island and watched her finish making her breakfast.
She placed her coffee and toast on the island and then walked over to the kitchen table and grabbed the paper. She spread it out on the island and proceeded to read it while nibbling on her toast and sipping on her coffee. At one point she leaned over to read, pointing her round ass in the air and I felt my dick lurch in my shorts. She held that position shifting her weight from one foot to the other. She stretched her shoulders and then ran her left hand down her side and onto her leg. She began scratching and I watched as her hand went higher and higher up her leg, taking the hem of her dress with it. She stopped just where her thigh meets the bottom of her ass and then to my surprise she spread her hand, causing her thumb to lift the hem of her dress, exposing half of her ass cheek. She had no panties on and my dick took another lurch to fullness as I now realized she was completely naked under her cover-up.
Suddenly granddad said something to her and she quickly removed her hand from her leg. She answered him and went back to reading the paper.
"Oh Rick....look at this. There's a carnival in town!" she said to me. I stepped over to her and stood behind her just to her left as I looked over her shoulder.
"When is it? granddad asked.
"It looks like it starts today, right Rick?" Gam asked glancing up at me.
I moved a bit closer to see the ad, turning sideways. As I stood there reading, I noticed Gam shift her weight to her left foot, causing the point of her hip to come into contact with my crotch. She then subtly rubbed her hip back and forth across my groin. This sent my dick into overdrive and I began to push back. As I pretended to continue to read I moved slowly behind her until my cock was lined up with the crack of her ass. I leaned in to continue the charade of reading and then pretended that something in the ad caught my eye. I leaned in and over Gam's shoulder while firmly pressing my now hard dick into the crevice of her ass. She immediately pushed back as we gently dry humped each other as we both pretended to be lost in the ad
"Well? Should we go?" asked granddad, in reference to the carnival.
"Uh...well...su..sure...it..it..looks like....fun" Gam replied, trying to steady her voice as she subtly grazed her ass up and down my shaft.
"Sounds good." Dad said as he got up.
Gam and I froze in place as he came around the island to deposit his cup in the sink. He never noticed anything as he went back over to the table. Gam and I went back to our slow, rhythmic grinding as soon as he was on the other side of the island.
"You want to hit some?" he asked granddad.
"Yep, I'm ready." he replied and got up.
The two of them then left through the sliding glass door out to the yard, leaving Gam and I alone. We stayed in position for a few moments longer, still gently humping, waiting to make sure nobody was coming back. When it was clear that we wouldn't be disturbed I reached up and fondled Gam's tits in my hands causing her to moan and drive her ass sharply against my rod. She quickly turned around and gazed up at me with a look of pure lust
In a split second, we were locked in a tight embrace, her arms wrapped around my neck, mine around her waist. She moaned, and I put my hands on her fine, swelling ass and pulled her close against my rapidly expanding cock. Our lips met and we kissed furiously. Her tongue slipped into my mouth, and soon we were like mad animals trying to devour each others' hot, wet tongues. She was panting and moaning, and I was grinding my hips against her crotch. I reached up with one hand to grab onto one of her tits. It was full like a melon, round and succulent. She pulled her mouth from mine and groaned.
"Oh honey!" she whispered, almost choking with passion. "Hmmmm. Yes, honey. Ohhhhh.."
Breathing hard into each others' faces we did a kind of dry fuck standing up, me rubbing and squeezing her ass, she with her arms locked around my neck, pulling me down to lick and suck the tops of her tits. After what seemed like hours, we paused for a moment.
"Listen," she told me breathlessly. "If anyone catches us doing this, all hell will break loose. Let's go upstairs."
I exhaled with a huge sigh. "Yes. Okay. Let's hurry."
I took her hand and led her out of the kitchen and to the stairs. Just at the stair landing, we kissed again and she reached down to squeeze my hard cock. She moaned and pulled me by the hand up the stairs to my room. We rushed along, bursting with lust. The feel and sight of her lush body made me want to jump on her right there, fuck her on the stairs, take her against the wall.
We made it to my room, and she fumbled with the doorknob, her hand shaking so hard she couldn't get a firm grip. I wasn't helping much as I stood behind her pressing my cock against her ass and running my hands over her hips. She grunted when the door flew open and we tumbled into my room. She turned and wrapped her arms around my neck and we sank to the floor. I kicked the door shut as I scrambled to grab her soft tits and bury my mouth in her delicious, deep cleavage. She was already unbuckling my pants and zipping me open. As she pulled my cock out, I pulled her cover-up open and worked the straps down over hers shoulders. By the time I had her cover-up off she had my cock out and was helping me inside. My cock was rock hard and her cunt was smooth and tight. As I entered her, she gasped and clawed my shoulders. As I worked my cock in deeper, she raised her knees and grabbed my hair. Soon I was all the way in and her cunt was wrapped like a glove around the full length of my cock. I paused for just a moment and raised myself up on my elbows, then plunged my tongue into her mouth. Soon I was fucking her for all I was worth and with every thrust, she groaned and moaned. I pumped harder and faster, raising my hips off the floor. She started squealing in pleasure and pulling her cunt up as I rammed my cock down into her. We were humping like coyotes and soon my whole consciousness was absorbed in the motion of my cock as it pounded in and out of her. Her squeals became low pitched screams, and she bit my shirt to muffle her orgasm.
I'd never felt my cock so hard as I fucked her, and just when I thought it couldn't get any harder, I felt my balls start to burn. Pumping even faster, oblivious to everything, including her fingers frenziedly yanking my hair, I felt myself cumming, and cumming, and cumming. I froze for a moment, shooting what seemed like gallons into her. Then, I started pumping again as I felt her whole body shudder and she began gasping.
"Ohhhhhh," she moaned, and wrapped her legs tight around my ass, pulling my cock tight into her cunt. OHHhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! she cried as her cunt spasmed around my dick, milking it of every last drop of my hot, thick cream.
"Mmmmmf," she mumbled, deliriously as her orgasm subsided.
I gave a few more spasmodic pumps and then that was it, my body was through, and I collapsed on top of my new lover. Neither of us spoke for a few minutes. I felt her stroking my hair and running her hand along my ass.
"Hmmmmmm," I said. "That was great."
"Oh yes, honey," she whispered in my ear. "That was fantastic."
We disentangled ourselves and I rolled over on my back. We lay there next to each other, slowly regaining our breath. After ten minutes or so, she raised herself on her elbow and gave me a sweet kiss.
"I'm going to clean up a bit," she smiled at me. "Let's rendezvous on the bed."
With that she rose up, wrapped her cover-up around herself, and headed for the bathroom. I gazed in admiration at her plentiful ass, plotting my next assault. Rising, I stripped, piling my clothes on a chair in the corner of the room. Settling onto the bed, I pulled a sheet over my hips and waited for her return.
Chapter 10
As I sat there waiting for Gam I began to think about our two sexual encounters and how they were passionate, yet hurried encounters. I started to feel my dick stir as I thought about all the things I hadn't had a chance to do with her yet. I intended to correct that as soon as she got back. I desperately wanted to ravish her in every way.
After about 20 minuets Gam came back to my room, freshly showered, with a towel wrapped around her. I was somewhat confused, thinking that she didn't want to continue.
"I just wanted to feel fresh for you." she explained as she stood at the side of the bed smiling.
I walked on my knees over to her and wrapped my arms around her. Our mouths met in a deep, passionate kiss, tongues sliding against one another. I pulled back and reached for the top of the towel, tugging at it until it unwrapped and fell from her frame. My dick lurched at the site of my naked grandmother standing there before me.
Her entire body is covered in faint reckless and her skin has the feel of satin sheets. I looked at her full breasts which, despite her age, still have a lot of firmness to them. They seemed to jiggle slightly with each breath she took and as I watched them the nipples began to stir and perk up until they reached total hardness. I grazed my eyes over the rest of her, taking in the slight bulge at her tummy and following it down to the light blonde cover of her bush. My eyes continued down to her long, firm legs, marveling at their youthful appearance. Thinking about having them once again wrapped around my waist caused my cock to slowly begin to rise.
"Ohhhh someone's getting excited." Gam murmured softly as she gently caressed my dick with her hand.
This put me into full erection as she softly ran her hand up and down the underside of my shaft. I immediately imitated her, palming her fluffy, soft mound. My fingers pressed inward and I could feel the lips of her pussy, warm and damp. I stroked my fingers up and down her slit until I could feel her lips part and my fingers slide into the entrance to her rapidly heating passage.
Gam grabbed the back of my head and pulled, merging our open mouths in another steamy kiss.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!!! She moaned into my mouth as we continued to masturbate each other.
My fingers sunk deeper into her snatch as she spread her legs to give me better access, diving into her hot, slick canal. I began to slowly saw my fingers in and out of her pussy when she reached down and grabbed my hand, positioning my fingers over the swollen nub of her clit. She stroked my fingers tips across and around the small, protruding knob Until I got the idea and she released my hand. I continued as she showed me and was rewarded with a flooding of her snatch as my fingers were soon soaked in hot pussy juice.
I wanted to move on as I could sense Gams heightened arousal as she began to gyrate on my fingers while wildly kissing me. I broke our kiss and quickly pulled her up onto the bed with me and positioned her on her back at the head of the bed.
Although I had never had oral sex before, I had seen enough porno to know how to tease a woman. I laid down on the bed and put Gam's legs over my shoulders. I wrapped my arms around her soft, smooth legs and began to run my tongue up and down her inner thighs, coming very close to her snatch but never touching it.
"Oh, I see you know how to tease a girl." Gam commented. "That feels good."
I continued for a few moments and then decided she had waited long enough. Slowly I ran my mouth from her knee up the inside of her leg, just past her dripping twat and up to her navel. Then I dropped back down, running my face over the soft, downy curls that covered her mound. I dipped my tongue into her saturated box and tasted her flesh.
A soft moan of pleasure escaped my grandmother's lips. Her juice was warm and sweet. I greedily licked her for several minutes, building her up to a release. She wrapped her fingers around my head, massaging the back of my neck as she lifted her hips up to my mouth, begging me to go deeper. I reached underneath her to grasp her ass and pulled her cunt into my face, forcing my tongue into her dripping hole. With a gasp she cried out in pleasure as I rapidly pulled my tongue in and out of her vagina, tasting her hot flesh.
"OHhhhh Gooooddddd that feels soooooo goooooood!" she cried out.
I ran my hands over her ass cheeks, pulling her ever closer to me and then ran my palms up her body, cupping her tits and kneading them, then pinching her nipples. Her moans became louder, more insistent as she bucked her hips toward me. I pulled my tongue out of her and began lapping at her cunt, drinking the juice that spilled forth. She wrapped her legs tightly around my head, her soft flesh pressing against me as she began to come. I flicked my tongue against her clit as she exploded into a fiery orgasm, her body lurching in convulsions of pure joy. I continued to lap the juices that were now pouring out of her twitching twat as she screamed in joy.
"OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Gam cried as she grabbed my hair and held my face in her seething cunt, her body twitching and shivering in orgasm.
After a few more minutes her shivers subsided and I reluctantly pulled my face out of her love box and climbed up the bed to lay beside her. She pressed up against me and sexily wrapped a leg over my body, her still moist cunt warm against my naked thigh.
"Oh my God," she exclaimed, "your grandfather has never made me feel like that. You were incredible!"
"Just beginner's luck," I shrugged with a sly grin. I was more than pleased to know that I had been able to adequately bring her to new heights. "I have a hot woman that inspires me!"
"Ummm, you're so sweet," she replied as she pressed her lips up to mine. She reached down to my cock and grasped it in her hands, weighing its stiffness appreciatively.
I responded as I opened my mouth and dipped my tongue into hers. She wrapped her arms around my neck and our kiss deepened. Slowly I pushed my grandmother onto her back and rolled up on top of her. Her firm thighs parted responsively as I rested my hardened fuck stick onto her sopping pussy. We kissed lovingly as I slowly grinded my cock against her beautiful mound.
We ere in no hurry this time as we lay there, kissing like old lovers, our heads slowly oscillating, our mouths passionately and soulfully fastened. We kissed like that for twenty minutes or so, taking turns with our tongues invading one another mouths. We slowly built up our passion as the kiss intensified. Soon we were clutching at each other as we kissed wildly.
At last she couldn't take it any longer, broke away from our kiss and she begged me, "Please, I want you inside of me now!"
I smiled and prepared to enter her horny snatch. She took my cock in hand and guided me to her hole. I teased her for a moment, rubbing the spongy tip of my cock against her greased cunt. She lifted her hips to me, drawing me in until I couldn't resist. Ever so slowly I pushed my rigid staff into her loving twat. It felt like heaven as I entered her, the wet folds of her vagina enveloping my dick, her cunt massaging it on all sides.
She spread her legs even more, moaning as I entered her with deliberate slowness. She dug the balls of her feet into the mattress for leverage and lifted her hips to meet mine. I continued to slide in until my nuts pressed up against her asscheeks. The sensation of her pubic hair caressing my flesh was amazing. All of this felt so extraordinarily different as I took my time and tried not to rush as I slowly pulled back out and began pumping into her. Over and over I drove my cock slowly in and out of her oozing pussy, driving us both mad with desire, the only sounds being our whimpers and my balls gently slapping against her ass with each shove.
"Oh yes, baby! That feels so good! No one has ever made love to me like this before!" Gam moaned in the throes of passion.
With each push I could feel her body respond to me. Her moans became more insistent as she began to grind her hips against me. Grasping my ass she pulled me tighter to her. We gradually picked up the pace as we grabbed and clutched at one another. At last she began to shiver as her moans turned to cries. She wrapped both her legs around my now heaving body and slammed her hips against mine. I felt her pussy contract repeatedly around my throbbing dick as her orgasm ripped through her body, throwing her into violent convulsions of pleasure. I continued to thrust in and out of her, riding her through the pinnacle of her orgasm.
"OOOHHHHHH MMYYYYYYYYYYYGOOOOOOODDDD!!!!!!!!! She screamed as she clutched onto me with all her strength, her nails piercing the skin on my back
Slowly the orgasm faded and she lay still. I looked down at her face. She had her eyes closed tightly and was biting her bottom lip. Her body was coated in a thin layer of sweat and her nipples were stiff. After a moment she opened her eyes and looked up at me with pure lust in her eyes.
"You are the best stud I have ever had in bed," she panted in a hoarse voice.
I smiled at her, content that I had succeeded in pleasuring her. However, I was still eager to blow my cum inside of her. Almost as if she could read my mind, she regained her strength and wrapped her legs over my back.
"Mmmmmm, c'mon honey. I want to feel that hot juice of yours inside me!" she exclaimed. I began to thrust again into her hot, drooling pussy, setting a quickened pace. Once again she closed her eyes and began gnawing on her bottom lip, the pleasure of my thick stick threatening to consume her.
She drove up and down on me at a feverish pace, riding me as though it was the first time she'd ever had a dick inside of her. I was amazed that the penetration was even deeper than before. I reached up and fondled her full breasts as they heaved up and down, matching the rhythm of our fucking. I ran my hands down her body and over her sweaty hips, around to her ass cheeks. I began to lift her up and down with my hands, increasing the rate of our fucking. She was riding me so quickly now that loud slurping noises could be heard as she drove up and down on my cock. Soon she began to reach another orgasm as she let out a loud moan. I could feel her juice as it poured out of her hole onto my balls, matting my pubic hair.
"UUHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! She moaned as this orgasm washed over her, causing her once again to twitch and clasp uncontrollably.
Without saying a word she disengaged off of me and got up on and knelt down on the mattress on all fours. I knew exactly what a doggie style position looked like and I needed no coaxing. I sat up and knelt down behind her. I reached my right hand around and cupped her mound as I placed my left hand on her back for support. I placed my dick between her ass cheeks and against her cunt. In one quick shove I was inside of her.
Immediately I began slamming into her. I grasped her ass cheeks and squeezed as I repeatedly thrust into her. I must have been in a position to rub her g-spot or something because she began exploding into one orgasm after another. By the third one she was screaming in pleasure. In one swift movement I pulled out of her, moved her onto her back and slipped between her legs. My dick felt harder than it ever had before and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. My grandmother must have known from my rapid thrusts and loud moans. She reached underneath me and grasped my nuts.
"Come on sweetheart! It's time you gave all that thick cum to grandma!" she groaned loudly, thrusting her cunt up at me.
The combination of her sweaty hand rubbing my nuts, and her verbal coaxing drove me over the edge. My balls got tight as I felt my dick grow so thick it strained against the confines of her cunt. At last the orgasm over took me and I began to blow load after load of hot cum deep into my grandmother's thirsty snatch.
"AAHHHhhhhhhhhh GAAAAMMMMM.......I"MMMMMMCUMMMMNN!!!" I cried.
"OHHHH HONEY!!!! YOUR'RE GONNA MAKE CUM AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Gam moaned as she thrust herself up at me and then froze, her cunt clutching and pulling on my rod.
It felt like I poured gallons of hot baby juice into her as she began milking my dick with the muscles in her twat. I bucked my hips against her until every drop was gone. I collapsed onto her, our naked, sweaty bodies clinging to one another!
We just lay there trying to catch our collective breaths as we came down from our intense orgasms. Eventually I managed to lift my head and look at Gam. She looked at me with her eyes half closed and a grin on her face. I move my head down towards her and our parted lips met and merged into a deep open mouthed kiss. She wrapped her arms around my neck and we remained like that for quite some time.
Chapter 11
For the next several days Gam and I went at it like two starved lovers, sneaking around to find some privacy. Every night she would wait until everyone was asleep and then meet me in my room for some heart pounding ecstasy, regardless of how many times we got together during the day.
It got so bad that we began taking huge risks, trying to sneak in a quick fuck while family members were close by. On one occasion we had just finished dinner when I announced that I felt like taking a quick dip in the pool.
"What a great idea! I think I will join you." Gam said, a mischievous glint in her eye.
While everyone else finished cleaning up Gam and I hurried of to put on our suits. In moments we were in the pool splashing around and playing a bit of grab and clutch. As soon as we were certain everyone had moved into the kitchen our game turned more serious, with some passionate kissing and hands underneath suits. Suddenly Gam stopped and gently pushed away.
"I can't take anymore fooling around. You've got me all worked up! C'mon lover, make old Gam happy!" she said as she turned around and pushed her back up against my chest.
I felt her reach behind her and grope for my rod, pulling it out the leg of my suit. She then used her other hand to push the crotch of her suit aside. She then tugged at my dick, lining it up with the entrance to her slit and pushed back. I slid inside her like greased lightning and before another moment went by we were fucking like rabbits.
"Oh Yessssssssssss!!!" Gam sighed as we shoved and clashed together.
Suddenly the sliding glass door from the kitchen opened and we froze on the spot! Gam straightened up, with my dick still deeply entrenched in her snatch. My grandfather walked out the door onto the patio surrounding the pool.
"So you too enjoying the water?" he asked
"Uhh..yea" Gam and I answered in unison, trying to sound normal.
"Nice night." Granddad continued as he looked up in the sky.
"Yea...it's beautiful.." Gam answered.
"Well, I'm going in to get changed and relax. You coming soon?" he asked, directing the question to Gam.
"Uh...probably.' she replied, trying not to laugh at the obvious double meaning.
At that granddad turned and walked back into the house.
"OHhh God that was close!" I moaned as Gam sank back against me.
"I think it was pretty exciting, almost getting caught like that! It turns me on just thinking about it!" Gam exclaimed as she shoved her ass back at me, impaling herself deeply on my stiff dick.
That was all the encouragement I needed as we quickly picked up were we left off, thrusting against one another while trying to keep an eye on that kitchen door. We drove each other to the pinnacle until we both exploded in a frenzied orgasm, twitching and spasming against each other.
We stayed in this stance until we both came down off this incredible high and slowly disengaged. We agreed that we might be getting a bit too risky and should be a bit more careful.
It was toward the end of the week and Gam and I were laying in my bed after one of our late night sex fests.
"You know we're leaving at the beginning of the week." Gam said.
"I don't want to think about it!" I replied in frustration.
"We'll be back. I've convinced your grandfather that it's time to settle back down and enjoy our grandkids before they go off on their own lives." She said.
"How long will you be gone?" I asked.
"This trip is for a month." she replied.
"A month! I'll go crazy for a month!" I cried.
"It's not so bad!" Gam laughed. "Besides I've convinced your grandfather that we should try to find a place close by so we can see everyone as often as we like."
"Yea, but a whole month? What am I supposed to do?" I asked.
"Well, you could try finding someone your own age to satisfy this unquenchable need of yours." Gam said, giggling.
"Nah. I find older women much more attractive." I said
Gam laughed and kissed me deeply.
"Well, try to find someone in the neighborhood who would like a nice young stud like you." She said.
"You know me. I'm too shy to try that with a stranger."
"Uhmmmm." she said, in agreement.
We lied there for a while staring up at the ceiling.
"You know.....I might have a solution for you." Gam said slyly.
"Oh yea. Like what" I asked.
"I might know an older woman who would be open to having her needs met by someone like you." she answered.
"Really? Who?" I asked, excited by the sudden prospect.
"Your mother." she answered rather matter of factly.
"WHAT???" Are you out of your mind??" I asked, astounded by the suggestion.
"No, not at all. I happen to know that your dad isn't exactly meeting her needs. We've talked about it quite a bit during my visit." she said.
"Yea, but that hardly means that she wants to commit incest!" I said. I also began to think about that fact that I had never thought about my mom in that way. She was way too bookwormish and dowdy.
"You know your mother has a very open mind. It might not occur to her on her own, but I don't think it wouldn't necessarily be dismissed out of hand." Gam said.
I just lied there in stunned silence as I tried to envision my mom naked. I realized that it had been a while since I had seen her in anything remotely modern or revealing.
"I don't know..." I said. "She's not really my type."
"Let me tell you, your mother does a hell of a job hiding a very nice, sexy figure." she replied.
I thought about that possibility and found myself more curious than turned on.
"Yea, but what difference does that make. It's not like I would have the guts to even suggest anything." I said.
"Well, if you're interested, I think I could be very helpful getting the ball rolling." Gam said with a sly grin.
I just stared at her, my mind racing.
*
To the readers: If this premise interests you let me know and I may write a sequel using this idea as the plot.
