This is a story about incest between a mother and her son. If you don't like that type of story, stop here. The introduction is fairly long but I would encourage you to read it because it sets up the entire story. If you are desperate for a sexual fix, skip down to the middle of Chapter 1, or for that matter any other chapter, and you will find what you are looking for.:) However, I would still suggest that you then go back and read the introduction. As always, vote and send me an e-mail to let me know how you liked it. Enjoy.
Introduction
It had been two years since Tommy Ritter's father died. Tommy was sixteen when the tragedy occurred. While Tommy missed his dad a lot, it was no more than his mom did. Their life had been ideal--living in the suburbs, two-car garage, and nice schools. Everything was just about perfect until the accident.
Bob Ritter had been driving home from work late one night when a drunken driver crossed the centerline and hit his car head-on. He never had a chance. The police said that the other car had been traveling at almost one hundred miles per hour.
The funeral was difficult for everyone. Bob and Sue's relatives flew in from around the country and were a big help to Tommy and his mother. However, when the funeral was over, she and Tommy had to go home and deal with the loss alone. The accident changed their lives dramatically.
Tommy's mom, Sue, had to go back to work to make ends meet and they had to sell their house. However, in the two years since Bob's death, Sue had done very well in her job and she had been lucky in the stock market. She had purchased a new house for her and Tommy, smaller than before, but very comfortable nonetheless. The job and investments provided enough money to enjoy life and take an occasional vacation.
While the two years since the accident had been financially stable, it was emotionally difficult. On an emotional level, she and Tommy were still struggling. They leaned on each other for support and therefore had grown closer than the typical mother and teenaged son.
Tommy Ritter became the man of the house overnight, but he knew that he couldn't make up for the loss of his dad to his mother.
Tommy was a tall, handsome and lean boy at 6' 1" and 175 pounds. He was bigger than most of his classmates. However, while he appeared to be a confident teenager, he was, in fact, very shy and overly sensitive. Although, he had his dad's handsome face and the bright blue eyes of his mom, he wasn't comfortable with girls.
Tommy wanted to date, but every time he was around an attractive girl, he would become tongue-tied and embarrass himself. It was easier for him just to avoid those situations. Besides, he almost felt like he would be cheating his mom if he dated.
Now 18, Tommy had graduated from high school with honors and had earned a football scholarship to a local university. While he looked like the All-American boy, he had never had a girlfriend. His shyness was an incredible embarrassment for him. The shyness was primarily the result of a slight stutter that he had developed not long after his father died. He had hid it successfully from his mother so far and most of the time he could cover it up. However, it tended to show up when he was nervous and all too often, that was in the presents of girls his age.
Sue Ritter was still a very attractive woman as well. She was tall at 5' 7" with a well-proportioned body. However, like most women, she was critical of her body. She thought that her butt was too round and that her breasts were too large. Her tendency was to dress on the conservative side to cover up her perceived flaws.
Sue had been desperately lonely since Bob's death. Although, she tried not to lean on Tommy too much, he seemed to be the only one that really understood. She didn't have to explain to him how she felt when she was sad, angry, or lonely. He just knew. Sue thought that she could read Tommy as well.
Out of sheer loneliness, Sue had tried dating. Unfortunately, she hadn't met anyone that she really liked or connected with on an emotional level or for that matter, on a physical level. Sue still had strong sexual desires. However, she needed more from a man. She needed tenderness and understanding first. Most of the men she dated seemed to think that because she was a young widowed woman that she would jump into bed at the drop of a hat.
Tommy tried to encourage her to go out and have some fun, but whenever he suggested that she find someone, she would always tell him that he was the only man she needed in her life now. It was almost as if she would be cheating Tommy or somehow hurting Bob's memory. While she knew deep inside it was time to move on, she couldn't let go of the past.
Now 36, Sue worked hard to keep the family financially solvent. Her job as a public relations executive was rewarding but time consuming. She had to work 12 hour days and sometimes Saturdays.
Tommy talked her into wearing sexier clothes and had even convinced her that she looked great with short skirts and low cut tops. He told her that she needed to show off her assets to get ahead in business. It had worked on the business level. However, her good looks also attracted a lot of unwanted attention from men.
Whenever Tommy would tell her that she should date, she would turn his comments around and say he should be the one dating.
Sue was more concerned about her son's lack of social development then she was about dating herself. She wanted him to go out and have fun, yet he would be home most weekend nights with her.
Chapter 1
One Saturday evening, Sue found Tommy sitting in the living room watching TV as usual.
"Tommy, why are you sitting home tonight? Why don't you go out with someone?" Sue said, sitting down next to her son and putting her arm around his shoulders. They had this conversation almost every weekend.
"Come on Mom, give me a break. I don't need to go out, besides, I'd rather be home with you." That had been his standard response. It was a lame excuse and they both knew it.
"Tommy, you need to have friends, you know... girlfriends," Sue said in exasperation. Then she looked at him seriously and said, "I'm worried about you."
"You seem to do okay without boyfriends. Why do I need girlfriends?"
"Come on Tommy, that's different and you know it. I've already been married. Besides, I already have a man. You!" Sue said, squeezing his shoulder affectionately.
"Well, I have plenty time to date. Besides, I already have a woman. You!" Tommy replied, smiling at using his mom's own words.
Sue sighed in frustration. "Well, we're a fine pair aren't we?"
"Mom, you're my best friend," Tommy said seriously, snuggling into her arm.
"And you're my best friend too," Sue said, hugging him again. However, she couldn't let it go. "You still need to date. It's not healthy."
Tommy took a deep breath. "Mom..."
"What?"
Tommy's mouth was opened but nothing came out. His head fell back on the sofa and he closed his eyes. His face seemed to color in embarrassment. "It's nothing. Never mind," he finally said.
"Come on Tommy... please don't close me out," Sue said, turning his face to her and looking into his misty eyes. "We've always been able to talk about anything. Haven't we?"
Tommy had wanted to talk to his mother for a long time about his shyness and the stutter but he didn't want to burden her. Additionally, he felt embarrassed talking to her about girls. Now that he had finally gotten up enough nerve to bring the subject up, he knew he had to continue. "It's... it's just that I'm... I'm not so hot with the girls. I'm too shy and whenever I get around a nice looking girl I... I... I... get tongue-tied," Tommy said, his eyes unable to meet his mother's.
Sue was surprised but tried not to show it. She had never heard him get tongue-tied before. "Now wait a minute, you always say that I'm a nice looking girl and you don't get tongue-tied around me."
"I'm serious Mom, I don't know what to do or say around girls. I've only kissed two girls in my whole life," Tommy blurted before he could stop himself.
"Really?" Sue said in astonishment. My God, he was 18 and he had only kissed two girls, she thought. He must be a virgin! The realization shocked Sue. Then a bigger problem occurred to her. "You like girls don't you?"
"Mommmmmm! Of course I like girls," Tommy said, now totally embarrassed.
Sue sighed in relief.
"It's just that... just that... oh hell... I haven't even been on a real date."
"Wow Tommy, I had no idea!" Sue was unable to hide the shock in her voice. "I've seen you go out. You said you were going out with girls."
"I'm sorry Mom, I lied. I go to the library or the mall. I just didn't want you to feel bad for me. You have enough on your mind."
Suddenly, Sue realized that she had neglected Tommy since his father died. She had been foolish to think that she could read him. She had been so busy mourning her own loss, feeling sorry for herself and working on her career that she had missed all the signs. It was obvious now that he was very sexually immature. God, how could I have been so stupid? she thought.
The two of them sat silently for a long time. Neither one of them knew what to say.
Finally, Sue broke the ice with an idea.
"Tommy, what would you think about you and I going on a date?"
"Come on Mom! Get serious!"
"I am serious. You're very comfortable around me, so why don't we go out? You can act as if I'm your date. I can tell you what you need to work on. After all, I still remember what girls like." Sue stopped when she realized that he might be embarrassed to go out with his mother. "Uh...that is if you wouldn't be too embarrassed to be seen out with your old mom."
"God Mom, you're not old. You're the best looking woman I know!" His face turned red as soon as he said it.
"Thank you sweetheart, and you are the best looking man I know. So why don't we two good looking people go on a date?"
Tommy was quiet for a few minutes, thinking. Maybe it would be good for her to go out, he thought. Besides, she might get off his back about dating. It could be a way for him to help her. Suddenly, he liked the idea. "Well... okay... I guess it might be fun," Tommy finally said in a nonchalant tone.
"You don't sound that excited," Sue said with a pout.
"That's not it," Tommy said quickly. But... but...
"What's wrong sweetie?"
"I don't... uh don't know about that stuff. I... I... I... would... uh... you know, feel silly if I messed up. That would be embar... embarrassing," Tommy said, a stutter in his voice.
"There's nothing you could do to embarrass yourself honey," Sue said patting his leg affectionately. "Come on, let's get dressed and you can take me to dinner and a movie," Sue said, reaching to the table and picking up her car keys and flipping them to him. "You can even drive, lover boy."
"Mommmmm," Tommy said, his face turning red again. However, underneath the embarrassment he was as excited as he had been in a long time.
Twenty minutes later, Tommy was pacing around the living room nervously, waiting for his mom. When he saw her come down the stairs, he started to say something but stopped in mid-sentence with his mouth open.
Sue had on a tight, white pull over top that was low cut, exposing the upper swells of her breasts, and a short black skirt and high heels. She thought Tommy would like the outfit since he picked it out for her.
"What's wrong?" Sue asked concerned about the look on her son's face. Suddenly, she thought that she had made a big mistake.
"Mom, uh, uh, you look, look..." Tommy stuttered trying to tell her how great she looked.
"I'll change," Sue said, turning to go back upstairs fearing that she had gone too far in trying to look young and "hot".
"No! You look beautiful," Tommy blurted out.
Sue turned back around smiling. "Why thank you sweetie, I thought you were upset with what I was wearing."
"Wow Mom, I hope some of my friends see me with you. God, they will be so jealous!"
Sue felt her heart swell with pride and love. "Well, let's go make them jealous. For tonight, why don't you call me Sue," she said with a smile.
"Okay Mo... uh Sue," Tommy answered. "Sue," he said again to himself, loving the way her name rolled off his tongue.
Tommy rushed to the car in front of his mom to open the door to let her in. As she sat down, Tommy couldn't help look at the expanse of her thighs as her skirt pulled up. When he looked up he saw his mom smiling at him. God, she saw me looking up her skirt, Tommy thought. I can't even do that right, he thought, mentally chastising himself.
As he drove, Tommy kept glancing over at his mother's legs. He felt a stirring between his legs and was suddenly very confused.
Sue's skirt had pulled up her legs, revealing her tanned thighs. She tried to pull it down but the bucket seats of her car made that difficult.
Tommy drove to a small Italian restaurant that they went to on occasion. It was quiet and intimate with a genuine Mediterranean look. The tables were covered in red checked table clothes and each had an old wine bottle in the center with a lit candle. There was even a violinist playing music.
Dinner went great and was very relaxing. Sue even let Tommy have a couple glasses of wine. Sue wanted to make him feel more grown up. He certainly needed some confidence building.
Sue had quite a bit more wine than Tommy. She felt a little tipsy but also warm and relaxed.
Tommy had no trouble talking to his mom. The wine had loosened his tongue just a bit. Besides, it wasn't like it was a real date, he thought.
They talked about school, friends, music, movies; all the things that a boy and girl would talk about on a date. Occasionally, Sue would point out things about how he should act on a date. Like waiting until his date had taken her seat before he sat down or opening the restaurant door for her. She tried not to be too critical. Not surprisingly though, Tommy didn't need much coaching. He was a natural gentleman, like his dad.
For a little while, Tommy truly forgot that Sue was his mom.
Sue also forgot for a short time that she was out with her son. He suddenly seemed so mature. His pretty blue eyes sparkled in the dim candlelight as he laughed and his face lit up like a candle when he smiled. God, he was handsome, she thought. Suddenly, Sue felt a little shiver run through her.
When dinner was over, Tommy escorted Sue out to the car, opening the restaurant door and hurrying to open the car door.
Sue was just a bit unsteady on her feet. She knew that she shouldn't have had that last glass of wine.
When Tommy opened the door of the car, and his mom slid in, he tried not to look at her exposed thighs again. However, that was impossible. No matter how hard he tried, his eyes went to the dark area between his mother's legs. The light from a street lamp melted the shadows and Tommy drew in his breath. His mother's legs opened, revealing the silky tops of her thigh high nylons, her smooth thighs and then a pair of pale blue silk panties hugging the pouch of her sex. She paused for a second with one leg out of the car.
Tommy stood almost frozen, his eyes as large as saucers.
"Well, are we going to the movies or not?" Sue asked, again noticing that her son was looking up her skirt. Another shiver ran through her. Now Sue wasn't sure whether the spreading of her thighs had been an accident on her part or not. She felt so naughty tonight. It was just a little innocent fun, she told herself. The wine was making everything seem all right.
Tommy's shocked face turned scarlet when he saw his mom watching him again. Suddenly, he felt ashamed of his behavior. If I do this to my own mom, what will I do when I go out on a date with a real girlfriend? he thought.
At the movie theater they got sodas and popcorn then found a seat near the back row. Since the movie had been out for a while, the theater wasn't crowded. They practically had the theater to themselves.
The movie was funny and light, making them both laugh. About midway through the movie, Tommy carefully raised his arm and put it on the back of the seat behind his mother, his bare arm touching her shoulders.
Sue didn't miss the move and felt another of those little shivers come over her.
At one point when they were laughing, Tommy moved his arm until it was around her, his hand hanging over her shoulder. His mom surprised him by sighing and snuggled even closer into his arm.
Sue smiled to herself at her son's boldness. She felt so comfortable and loved at that moment. It had been a long time since she felt like this.
Suddenly, Tommy realized that his fingers were touching the top swell of his mom's breast where the soft flesh was exposed. He could feel his heart begin to beat rapidly in his chest.
Sue felt the fingers but let them stay where they were, as she didn't want to spoil the mood. Besides, it was just innocent fun and probably an accident, she told herself.
Tommy could no longer concentrate on the movie. Almost without his control, his fingers began to move lightly back and forth across the exposed swell of her breast. The movement was delicate, almost imperceptible. Still, Tommy could feel it. It felt as though his fingertips were on fire. Stop it! he told himself.
After a few minutes, Sue noticed his fingers were moving. It was a sensual touch, almost tickling. It could still have been accidental. When she felt goose bumps spring up on her chest, she knew that she should stop him. However, she didn't want to embarrass him. He probably didn't even know that he was doing it anyway. It was just an innocent touch. However, the tingling she felt between her legs wasn't so innocent.
Tommy's hand was shaking, as his fingers grew bolder. The tips of his fingers moved further down until they were just barely under the elastic of her top. Now, there was no doubt about whether or not he was touching her accidentally. He couldn't believe how bold he was.
Sue's breathing increased. She wanted to stop him but it had been so long since someone that she cared for paid attention to her. The brain of the mother was in a battle with the brain of the woman; a woman that had missed intimate touches for so long. Sue began to squirm in her seat. Incredibly, she could feel her panties getting wet. When she felt Tommy's fingers begin to move further down, she reached up and grabbed his hand, preventing any further movement. However, she didn't take the fingers out of her top, but instead held them where they were, almost pressing them to her soft flesh.
Tommy breathed a sigh of relief when his mother didn't chastise him. At one point, she let go of his hand to reach for the popcorn in the seat next to her. When she turned back, Tommy took the opportunity to move his fingers downward again, getting half his hand under the top before she stopped him.
Now Sue held his fingers from the outside of the top. Her own heartbeat had quickened.
Tommy felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest. His penis was now very uncomfortable in his pants. He squirmed around, trying to find a comfortable position. He couldn't very well reach down and adjust himself.
Sue held Tommy's trembling hand tightly, knowing that one more fraction of an inch and he would be able to feel her nipple. In fact, his fingertips were touching the large brown areola. She could feel the hard nipples pulsing almost painfully. Now, her breathing was as labored as Tommy.
The two sat almost frozen. When the tightness of Sue's fingers lessened, she felt Tommy's fingers begin to move downward again. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She could feel the fingers moving across the bumpy surface of her areola. Then they split apart around the nub of her swollen nipple...
Suddenly, the lights of the theater came on.
Sue jumped as if an electric shock had hit her. She quickly pulled the hand from her top. She was trembling as she sat in her seat waiting for the few people in the theater to leave. Finally, she stood on shaking legs and moved to the isle.
As they left the theater, Tommy had to walk behind his mother in hopes that no one could see his erection.
Sue took a deep breath and sighed as she walked up the aisle in front of Tommy. She wondered why he lagged behind her. She glanced back and realized the problem that her young date had. She had to restrain herself from looking back at her son a second time. Suddenly, it was like she was in high school again. It brought back so many fond memories with Tommy's father.
The ride home was very quiet. Tommy couldn't believe what had happened in the theater. It was like a dream. Damn, he practically had his hand on his mother's bare breast and she didn't stop him. Yet, he still felt embarrassed and like a cad. His mom had been nice enough to take him out and this is how he repaid her.
Sue couldn't believe what she had allowed to happen either. Again, she told herself that it was just innocent fun. After all, her son did need some confidence building, she reasoned.
Tommy unlocked the door of their house, then stopped and turned to his mom.
"Thanks Mom... uh Sue, I... I... I... had a great time," a little nervous stutter showing up in his voice.
"I did too Tommy, you are a great date," Sue said sincerely.
Tommy stood nervously in front of his mom, his hand's fidgeting at his sides. He almost had an overpowering urge to grab her and kiss her. He got control of himself and asked, "Uh... does... does... a guy get a kiss on the first... first date," Tommy blurted nervously. His heart was beating wildly again. His knees felt like they were going to collapse. When his mother didn't answer right away, he thought that he had blown it.
"Well, probably not on the first date, but because you were so nice I guess one kiss couldn't hurt," Sue said, her mind screaming No! No! The beautiful evening, the date and the wine were all working on Sue's resistance.
Tommy's heart skipped a beat. God, he was going to do it he thought. He was really going to kiss her. Suddenly, he was petrified.
"Well?" Sue said, her eyes closed, and her heart pounding now. This was so wrong, she told herself.
"I really... uh... you know, I... I... don't know how."
"Here," Sue said, bringing her lips to her son's.
His arms automatically went around her back. His lips were hard and pressed harshly into his mom's soft lips.
"Wait," she said and pulled back. "You don't kiss with your lips like that. Wet your lips and let them relax," Sue said in a motherly tone. Yet, this wasn't a motherly act.
Tommy did as his mother asked. He felt her bring her lips to his again. This time he relaxed his and pressed into her soft mouth. Suddenly, he was very much aware of her breasts on his chest, her soft lips, and the smell her sweet perfume. His head began to spin.
Sue moaned as her tongue slid into her son's warm mouth. It was a reflex action and automatic. She felt his tongue touch hers and a tremor ran through her. For a moment, she was lost in the sweet taste of her son's mouth. Suddenly, she pulled her tongue out of his mouth. She had totally lost control for just a moment. She pulled her head back and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself. "Now that was better wasn't it?" Sue said, as innocently as possible, an uncontrollable quiver in her voice.
"Great, let's do it again," Tommy said boldly, pulling his mother to him again.
Suddenly, Sue could feel her son's hard penis pressing into her stomach. She shivered with excitement at the thought that she could still turn on a young man. Wait, her mind screamed, this is my own son. She knew that she had to stop this before it got out of hand.
"No! Stop!" Sue almost screamed. Then she realized it sounded harsh and, her tone softened. "One kiss on the first date. Don't get greedy," Sue said pushing her son away playfully.
"Au shucks," Tommy said, with his innocent smile, trying to cover his excitement and disappointment. Then he turned serious. "God Mom, I had fun tonight. Can... uh... can we go on a date again sometime, please?"
"Well, I guess so, if you treat me real nice," Sue said, pecking her son on the lips one more time before entering the house.
That night, Tommy lay in bed with his hard penis in his hand, thinking of his mom. All his fantasizes until now had been about girls at school. Now his mom dominated his thoughts. He could still feel her soft breasts on his chest and her soft skin under his fingers. If he could have only moved his hand a fraction of an inch lower in the theater, he would have touched the nub of her nipple. Even now, he could still taste her lips on his and feel her tongue in his mouth. It took only minutes for him to squirt his juice all over his stomach. He jerked off three times that night.
At the same time, Sue lay in bed with one hand squeezing the same breast Tommy had touched. Her other hand was forcing three fingers into her sopping hole. She climaxed over and over until her fingers and the sheets were soaked with her juice. Then, suddenly she burst into tears. God, what have I done? she thought.
Susan Ritter cried herself to sleep that night.
Chapter 2
The following morning Tommy saw his mother sitting in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee. There was a very uncomfortable silence as he got himself a cup of coffee and sat down. The light of a new day made everything seem different. They each blamed themselves for what had happened.
"Mom..."
"Tommy..." they both spoke at the same time, then laughed nervously.
"Sorry," Tommy said.
"Tommy... uh... we uh... what... happened last night was..." Sue said, struggling with her words.
"I... I... know Mom," Tommy interrupted. "I'm sorry, I spoiled everything," he said, almost in tears, waiting for her anger.
Sue looked at him in surprise. "It wasn't your fault sweetheart. It was mine. Let's just forget it. It was probably just the wine," Sue lied. "I shouldn't have drunk so much."
"Can... can we uh... go out again?" Tommy asked hopefully.
"I don't think that would be a good idea."
"I knew it," Tommy said in an angry tone. However, he was angry with himself. He arose from the table with tears in his eyes and rushed out of the room.
"Tommy!" Sue called after him. However, he was already out of the house. Now Sue was heartbroken. She was the one that had messed everything up, she thought as her tears began to flow.
Later that evening, Sue tapped on Tommy's door. She pushed the door open gently when she heard Tommy tell her to come in. He was lying on the bed looking at a sports magazine. "Tommy, can we talk?" she asked, sitting on the bed, her face tense with thinly veiled emotions.
"Sure," he answered, rolling over and looking up at the ceiling with his hands behind his head.
"I'm sorry Tommy... sorry about... about everything," Sue said struggling with her words. "God Tommy, I was the one that suggested the date. I've thought all day about it and I know it's entirely my fault. We're both lonely and we both miss Dad so much." Suddenly, Sue stopped talking as her voice choked up. Then she began to sob.
Tommy sat up quickly and moved closer to his mother. He carefully put his arms around her and pulled her into his chest, tears streaming down his own cheeks.
Although Sue felt comfort in his arms, she sobbed even harder. All of her pent up emotions seemed to come out of her at once. Two years of loneliness, a new job, struggling to make the bills and now this. It was all too much.
Tommy held her for a long time until her sobs turned to sniffles. "Mom, I love you so much," Tommy said sincerely.
Sue sat back and dried her eyes. "God Tommy, I feel the same way about you. We need each other, maybe more now than ever."
"Can we just be honest with each other for a minute?" Tommy asked, acting more grown up than he felt.
"Absolutely! We have to be honest with each other," Sue said, wondering what he was getting at.
"You... You are a beautiful and very sexy woman," Tommy said, trying hard not to stutter. "I... you... uh.... Oh hell, I'm just a horny teenager, and I'm sorry I got out of line," he blurted and then laughed self-consciously.
Sue looked at him with raised eyebrows then a smile came to her lips. Suddenly, they both burst out laughing. They laughed so hard that they nearly fell off the bed. The situation now seemed so ridiculous. They were making a big deal out of nothing.
When they had composed themselves, Sue turned to Tommy and said, "You can take me on a date anytime you want to." Then she kissed his lips briefly.
"Good because there's a football team picnic next Sunday and I need a date," Tommy said hopefully.
"It's a deal."
Tommy sighed with relief. Everything was going to be okay.
Tommy's high school football team was hosting a farewell picnic for the graduating seniors, their parents, and girlfriends. Tommy wasn't planning on attending, because he didn't have a date. He knew that all of the boys would bring a date. He didn't expect any of them to come with their parents. Suddenly, that didn't matter to him anymore. His mom would be his date.
Chapter 3
Several days later, Tommy was home alone. It was a warm afternoon and he had just finished cutting the grass so he decided to take a cool shower. He went into the bathroom, leaving the door carelessly open and undressed, then stepped into the clear glass shower stall. He flipped on the shower, gasping as the cool water hit him. Soon, he was enjoying the refreshing feeling of the cold water. As he began to soap himself, he began to think of his mom. Suddenly, he had a raging hard on. He soaped his hand and worked up a lather on his long shaft. His eyes were closed as he leaned back on the tile of the shower stall, with a vision of his beautiful mom in his mind. Just an inch more, he thought excitedly of the nipple he had almost touched.
Sue had decided to take off work early that day. When she came into the house, she called out to Tommy. When she didn't hear him answer, she figured he might be taking a nap. She went upstairs to ask him if he wanted to get a movie for them tonight. As she walked down the hall, she turned and looked into the open bathroom. Suddenly, she stopped in shock. Her eyes were as big around as saucers when she saw her son in the shower, his eyes closed and his hand working up and down on the longest penis she had ever seen. While she didn't have much to compare it to, she knew it was much longer than Bob's.
Sue shook her head, and tried to pull herself away but her legs wouldn't move. She felt excitement in the pit of her stomach and a quivering in her groin as her eyes stared transfixed on Tommy's long penis.
"Oh God, suck me," Tommy whispered to himself as he stroked his penis. His breath was coming in short gasps as he neared his climax. Soon, his hand was flying up and down, splattering the soapy froth to the tile below. "Oh yes, yes, suck my cock Mom," he groaned. His long penis throbbed and a stream of cum shot from the head, spattering all the way out of the shower stall and onto the tile on the bathroom floor.
Sue felt like she was going to pass out as she watched her son climax. She could feel her sex lips throbbing and juice was pouring into her panties. One hand absently moved up to her breast and began to squeeze it as her legs rubbed together.
For some reason, Tommy opened his eyes. He gasped when his eyes met his mother's. However, it was too late to stop his climax. His hand continued to move on his penis until there was nothing left in his balls.
Sue gasped and hurried from the doorway.
An hour or so later, Tommy came downstairs to dinner wearing a pair of shorts and tank top. He was very nervous about his mother's reaction to what she had obviously seen. He felt like such an idiot again.
Sue was at the sink when she heard Tommy come into the kitchen. She had also been agonizing over the embarrassing mistake as well. She knew that what Tommy was doing was perfectly normal. Every young boy masturbated. However, his words kept running through her head: 'Oh yes, yes, suck my cock Mom'. A little shiver ran through her as she turned around and smiled at Tommy.
"Hi sweetie. Dinner will be ready in a minute." The smile on her face belied the turmoil inside. When she saw what her son was wearing, her eyes lingered. God, he looks good, she thought. Then her face turned hot as she remembered the vision of him standing in the shower with his hard penis in his hand.
The smile on his mother's face surprised Tommy. He was prepared for her to rant and rage. The tension drained from him when he saw her bright smile. He sat down at the table. "So what are we going to do tonight?"
"How about you go out and pick out a movie for us tonight? But not one of those 'shootum up' things," she added.
"Sounds great."
Sue brought the food over to the table and sat down to eat. She knew that she couldn't just forget the incident in the shower. Something like that could have a very negative impact on a kid, she thought. They ate in silence until Sue thought of something to say. She decided that humor had worked before so she said, "So how was your shower?" A smile crossed her face.
"Huh!" Tommy said in shock.
"Come on Tommy, I thought we were going to be honest with each other. I saw you and I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were in the shower."
"Uh... uh... but I was..." Tommy stuttered.
"I know you were masturbating. All boys do that. Let's not make a big deal out of it. Okay?" Sue kept a smile on her face but getting the words out was one of the most difficult things she had ever done. However, she felt great relief that it was out in the open. She didn't think it was necessary to tell him that she had heard what he said.
"Uh... sure Mom. Uh... I'm sorry too. Next time I'll close the door."
"Don't worry about it. It's our home and we should be able to feel free," Sue said. "You're just a 'horny teenager' anyway, right?" Sue laughed.
Tommy had to smile at the repeat of his words. He laughed too.
Then she added, "You did clean up the floor didn't you?"
"Mommmmm!!!" Tommy said and his face turned bright red.
"Just checking."
Chapter 4
Tommy and his mother finished eating, continuing to talk about their day as if nothing had happened.
"Let me clean up the dishes and then get a shower. You go to the video store and get something good."
"Okay," Tommy said and got up and took the car keys. Then he walked over and kissed his mother's lips lightly and said, "I might stop over Shawn's first. I'll be back in a little while. Love you Mom."
"Love you too sweetie. Be careful."
Sue cleaned up the dishes and went to take a shower. When she walked into the bathroom, she felt a little thrill at what had happened. She stood in the same shower that her son had been in. A strange feeling came over her. It was almost like she was feeling the excitement that Tommy had felt. She resisted the urge to masturbate, forcing herself to just take a shower.
Tommy decided not to stop over Shawn's. He got a movie--a 'chick flick' as the teenagers called it--and headed back home. When he went upstairs, he passed his mother's bedroom. The door was opened just a crack. When he had passed the door, he stopped. He saw his mother sitting on the bed, painting her fingernails. She had a towel around her body and one wrapped around her head. Tommy started to peek in and say hi, but he saw her get up and walk over to the dresser, looking into the mirror. He was surprised to see that the bath towel barely covered the cheeks of her buttocks. Her legs look so long and smooth. He stood quietly and watched as she took the towel from around her head and began to dry her hair. Tommy knew that he shouldn't be spying, but he couldn't help himself.
Sue used the towel to partially dry her hair then plugged in the electric dryer. As the warm air surrounded her, she looked into the mirror. She saw movement outside the door. For a second she was frightened but realized that Tommy must have come home early. When he didn't move, it occurred to her that he was spying. She considered closing the door but knew that she would embarrass him. Besides, after the talk about freedom in the house, that would be hypocritical. It was only fair since she had watched him. Sue continued to dry her hair, letting her son look at her scantily covered body.
Tommy was about to leave when he saw his mother put the dryer down. Then he saw her reach for the towel that was tucked between her breasts.
Suddenly Sue could feel excitement rippling through her. Her hands trembled as she grasped the towel at her breasts. This is crazy, she thought. Still, her hands moved and she opened the towel, holding it wide for a second or two. Her eyes glanced into the mirror and she knew that Tommy could see the naked front of her body. She could feel her nipples harden as she slowly let it drop behind her. She thought she heard a gasp.
Tommy had gasped. He stood frozen, looking at his mother's naked body. She was absolutely gorgeous. Her large breasts were still firm and sat up with very little sag. His eyes traveled to her pubic area. He saw her soft blond hair and just a hint of the pink inner lips. Inside his pants, Tommy's penis was pulsing with life.
Then Sue did something that astounded her, maybe more than Tommy. She reached down and opened the bottom drawer, bending over at the waist. Her buttocks pushed back and she moved her legs slightly apart.
"Oh God," Tommy moaned as he stared at his mother's beautiful ass. He looked between her legs and could see the pouch of her vagina staring back at him. He could even see the lips shining wetly. It didn't occur to him that his mother was just as turned on as he was.
Sue felt like she was bent over for a very long time, but it was more like several seconds. She knew that she had to straighten up when she felt her juice begin to trickle out. Slowly she stood up, holding a pair of skimpy red panties in her hand. Then she bent again and stepped into the panties, pulling them to her waist. She could feel the silky material caress her buttocks sensuously and pull tightly to her swollen sex lips.
Somehow, Tommy pulled himself together and moved away from the door.
Sue sighed and let out a deep breath. I must be losing my mind she thought as she began to dress. She put on a short summer frock that came to the middle of her thighs. When she started to walk out of the room, she stopped. Her hands were shaking when she lifted her dress and pulled her panties off and threw them on the bed.
A few minutes later Sue joined Tommy in the living room. He already had the movie in and some popcorn made.
"Just in time," he said as he watched her walk into the room.
"Popcorn! Great!"
"I brought you some wine," Tommy said proudly as he pointed to a bottle cooling in an ice bucket.
"Thank you sweetie!"
The lights were dimmed as the two settled down to watch "Fried Green Tomatoes."
Tommy hated the movie but he knew that his mom would like it.
Sue sat on the couch and Tommy sat on the floor leaning against the couch. About an hour into the movie, Tommy excused himself and went upstairs to the bathroom. As he passed his mother's room, he stopped. He saw a pair of little red panties lying on the bed. My God, has she taken her panties off? he said to himself.
When Tommy returned to the living room, he was on a mission. He had to know if she had taken her panties off. As he sat back on the floor, he turned slightly sideways so that he could see his mother's legs. However, try as he might, he couldn't get a view up her dress. Finally, he sighed in frustration and gave up.
Sue sat on the couch, drinking wine. She could see that Tommy was trying to get a look up her dress. She suppressed a smile as she turned this way and that, never letting him have a good view. She knew that she was teasing him unmercifully but somehow she couldn't stop. Finally, as the wine took over, she sat back in the corner of the sofa and curled her legs up next to her. Her little dress barely covered the cheeks of her buttocks.
Tommy saw his mother move out of the corner of his eye. She shifted again slightly and he glanced at her legs. He could see up the back of her legs now but the dress still covered her sufficiently.
After a while, the room grew quiet. Tommy turned and saw that his mother was asleep. He knew that she often fell asleep when she drank wine. Suddenly, a dirty thought came to him. He got up quietly and sat gently on the couch, next to his curled up mother. The clock on the wall ticked loudly and his heart beat hard in his chest as he waited to make sure she was asleep. Then with shaking fingers, he reached over and took the material of her dress in his fingers. Slowly, almost imperceptibly, he began to move it up her thighs. When the dress was above just above her buttocks, Tommy stopped. That's enough, he thought. Then he slid back to the floor. He waited a minute or two then turned to look at his mother. A little whine came from his throat when he saw her sex lips staring at him. Although it was dark in the room, the TV gave off enough light that he could clearly see her vagina.
Sue moaned as if in her sleep and moved slightly, forcing the dress even higher on her buttocks. Then she pulled one knee up closer to her chest and the dress moved further up her hip. She could feel the cool air on her private parts and shivered in excitement.
Now Tommy could see everything. Her soft white buttocks almost glowed in the artificial light. He could almost see the tiny hole hidden between her cheeks and the pink inner lips of her sex. Throwing caution to the wind, Tommy opened his pants and freed his throbbing penis. As he stared at his mother's private parts, he began to masturbate.
Sue was doing everything she could not to move. She could feel her son's eyes on her sex lips and knew that she was leaking. She could feel the wetness dripping to her thigh. Slowly she opened her eyes just a fraction. Her head started to spin with excitement when she saw Tommy holding his penis. Her swollen lips pulsed with illicit excitement as she spread her legs a little more and forced her hips downward. Her little dress was almost at her waist now.
"Oh Jesus," Tommy whispered aloud. Now he could clearly see both of his mother's holes, including the puffy sex lips and the tiny brown hole just inches away. His hand flew up and down on his penis, moving him rapidly toward a climax. Suddenly, he moaned and began to squirt his semen. The first blast flew above Tommy and splattered onto the back of his mother's thigh, near the junction of her sexual parts. When Tommy saw that, his climax intensified. In his sexual fog, it didn't occur to him that he might not be able to clean it off before his mother awoke.
Sue could barely see what was happening but she knew from his groans that he was near a climax. Then, incredibly, when she felt Tommy's cum hit her, she felt a little climax run through her.
When Tommy's balls were empty, he closed his shorts as embarrassment flooded over him. Again, he chastised himself for losing control and for his nasty thoughts about his own mother. He could see his own cum begin to run down the back of her thigh. Oh my God he thought, what am I going to do?
Before Tommy could do anything, Sue stirred and opened her eyes.
"I must have fallen asleep," she said, spreading her arms and yawning.
"Uh... uh... yea, for a minute," Tommy answered, watching his cum trickle across the divide between his mother's thigh.
Sue's legs were barely able to hold her. She acted like it was because she had just awoken. However, excitement was causing the blood to rush to her head. She was very much aware of Tommy's sperm on the back of her thighs. She kissed Tommy good night and went to her room. As soon as she was behind the bedroom door, she reached her hand back and felt her son's sticky discharge. Suddenly, her lets almost gave out and she staggered to the bed. She collapsed as a strong climax hit her. When that one was over, she pulled her dress up and used her fingers to masturbate until she fell asleep in exhaustion. Her dress was still around her waist and Tommy's dried sperm was on the back of her thighs the next morning.
Chapter 5
Tommy waited in the living room for his mom to come down so they could leave for the State Park. When he saw her this morning, there was nothing to indicate that she knew what he had done. She smiled sweetly at him and they talked about all the normal things. He figured he had gotten away with that one but he knew that he would have to be more careful.
Sue tried to be philosophic about what had happened. He was a young boy with lots of growing pains. It was only natural for him to see his mother as a sexual being. It would be strange for it to be any other way. She would just have to be more careful.
When Sue came down wearing a tank top and a pair of very tight short shorts, Tommy was astounded again. He could almost see the indentation of her sex lips in the crotch. She couldn't have panties on, he thought, trying not to stare. Tommy was also amazed when he saw that she wasn't wearing a bra.
Sue's large breasts stood out proudly. She could feel them swaying freely under her top and her hard nipples poking through the material as she walked toward her son.
"Do I look okay this time?" Sue said noticing Tommy's appreciative look.
"Great Mom, I'll have to fight all the guys off of you."
Sue smiled sweetly at her son and took his arm, squeezing it to the side of her breast as they walked out the door.
The park was a large facility with numerous picnic tables, thick woods and a large lake with rowboats. Sue and Bob used to go there quite often when Tommy was young, to let him play on the swings and swim in the lake.
When they arrived, the park was buzzing with activity. There were 60 or 70 people at the picnic, representing the team, family and friends. Tommy jumped out and opened the door for his mom. They walked proudly toward the group picnic area.
It was quickly obvious that everyone noticed Sue. The boys and their fathers drooled and the women looked jealous. Some of the men tried to come on to Sue but she put them all off saying she had a date, her son. Tommy strutted around like a peacock, never letting his mom get too far from his sight.
After everyone had eaten, played some volleyball, and did some rowing on the lake, the crowd started to thin. Tommy and Sue took their blanket and went up the hill and found a place under a large oak tree, a good distance from the crowd. Sue had had a little too much to drink and swayed as she helped Tommy place the blanket on the ground. She seemed to be drinking a lot more lately.
The two of them sat watching the people below, enjoying the cool, early summer breeze.
Tommy put his arm around his mom, pulling her willing body to him. "I love you Mom," he whispered.
"I love you too Tommy," Sue said, turning to her son.
Tommy saw a tear in her eye.
"What's wrong Mom?" Tommy said with concerned.
"Nothing sweetie, it's just that this is so perfect. Your dad and I used to bring you here all the time. We even sat under this tree. I feel the best that I've felt since your father died. Thank you for being here for me," Sue said leaning in close and putting her head on his shoulder.
"I will always be here for you Mom."
As Tommy's arm was squeezing his mother to him, he realized that his hand was touching her breast again. This time it was the side of her breast, where it swelled out from the tank top. Tommy moved his hand slowly, touching her soft breast outside the material of her top. He held his breath as he waited for her to stop him.
Sue felt what Tommy was doing. She didn't want to start a fight so she let him gently rub her breast. However, that familiar feeling started in her lower region again. Goose bumps appeared on her arms and she leaned heavily into her son's strong chest.
Tommy worked his fingers across the soft material very slowly. He kept it up for a long time, waiting for her to grab his hand like she had done at the movie. When she made no move to stop him, he boldly opened his hand and slid it under her breast, then slowly lifted up. His head began to spin when he held one full, cloth-covered breast in the palm of his hand. His penis throbbed in his pants. He felt the point of her now hard nipple as it almost burned his palm.
Sue's alcohol fogged brain began to scream warnings. Yet, the pulsing in her groin blocked it out.
Tommy thought he heard her moan. But no, she was breathing heavy and regular. He looked at her face and saw that her eyes were closed. The weight of her body against him made him think that she might be asleep. Tommy moved his hand down and under the tank top to the warm skin of her stomach. Slowly he moved his hand upward, inch by inch. He felt an electric shock when the side of his hand touched bare skin. He thought he was going to cum in his pants. He took a deep breath and turned his hand over, palm up. Now he held the full bare breast of his own mother in his hand. He waited for what seemed like an eternity for his mother to react. When she didn't move, he began to squeeze it. He played with the heavy breast gently, feeling the fullness and the warmth of her flesh, fearing all the time that he would wake her.
Sue's mind was reeling. The blood was pounding in her head. She couldn't think straight. She knew she should stop this but her libido and the wine was in control. She could feel her shorts begin to get very wet and feared that it might show through.
Tommy grew bolder. He cupped and kneaded one breast before sliding across to do the same to the other. He moved slightly and let his mother slide sideways and into his arm, her back pressed to his now pulsing penis. He sighed with relief when saw that her eyes were still closed. Then he shifted his view and he watched his hand move freely under her top.
Sue lay as quietly as she could, letting her son explore her breasts. She could feel his erection pressing to her back and throbbing. It felt huge. Her hips wanted to move as she fought to control her breathing.
Tommy squeezed and lifted the breasts and then moved on to play with the hard nipple. It suddenly occurred to him that he had sucked this same nipple as a baby. Suddenly, he had to see them. Slowly, his hand lifted the top until a large orb was bare. His eyes were wide as he stared at the smooth white skin and the long pink nipple. His squeezed the flesh gently. He was fascinated as he watched his hand knead her soft flesh.
Sue finally had to stop this. She stirred and felt Tommy quickly pull his hand from her breast, letting her top cover her again. Then she sat up and rubbed her eyes. "I must have fallen to sleep. I'm sorry, I seem to be doing that when I drink. How long was I out?"
"Uh... oh not long."
"Let's take a walk," Sue said standing up. Suddenly, she felt lightheaded and almost fell.
Tommy quickly stood beside her and steadied her.
They walked hand in hand down a path that led toward the lake. It was impossible for Tommy to hide the bulge in his pants. He couldn't believe what he had just done. He shook his head, thinking that it might all have been a dream.
Sue's eyes kept glancing down at her son's crotch. She almost felt sorry for him as she saw his confined penis pulse with need.
Soon the two reached a small clearing near the lake.
"Let's sit down here Mom."
"Oh, I don't want to get my shorts grass stained."
"Here," Tommy said stripping off his shirt and putting it on the ground. He now stood beside her in his shorts and sandals, his strong chest bare.
"Wow, you've been working out," Sue said admiring her son's muscular chest. She squeezed her legs together and felt her swollen lips pulse with excitement.
"It's Coach Lewis, he wanted all his players to be in top shape."
"You look great," Sue said sitting on the shirt Tommy had laid down. She felt the tight seam of her shorts pull into her sex lips and she closed her eyes in pleasure.
"Thanks," Tommy said sitting next to his mom and putting his arm around her.
They sat there in silence looking out over the glistening lake. They could see specks in the distance on the lake that had to be people rowing small boats. Coming from far away they could hear the faint sounds of children laughing and playing. At that moment, everything was perfect.
"Mom," Tommy said breaking the silence, "do... do... you think I could kiss you again?"
Sue sucked in her breath. She couldn't answer right away. Somehow, she knew that this question would come up again. She had practiced how to tell him no gently. She didn't want to hurt him. However, all of the practice went out the window when she was faced with the question. Sue could still feel his hand on her breast and her swollen lips were still dripping in her shorts. Instead of a firm no, she said, "I suppose so, but just one."
Tommy's heart leaped in his chest. Nervously, he turned to his mother and brought his lips to hers. As their lips pressed together, he pulled her into his bare chest. When she opened her mouth, he didn't wait for her tongue; he pushed his into her warm and wet mouth. He could taste the wine she had drunk. When his tongue pulled out, his mother's followed, pressing into his mouth. He sucked on her tongue and heard her moan. The kiss went on and on, turning into a second kiss and then a third. Tommy took a chance, brought his hand up, and slid it under his mother's top, touching her breast again.
Sue wasn't pretending to be asleep this time but still she couldn't stop him.
He moaned as he felt her breast in his palm. His fingers were shaking as he played with the nipple, causing his mother to push her breast into his hand and let a little moan escape her lips. Their lips were almost swollen from the continued passionate kissing.
Finally, Sue pushed him away; her breath coming in short gasps. "Tommy, we can't, we... we... have to stop."
Her voice didn't seem that convincing to Tommy. He pushed her back onto the ground, ignoring her weak protests and again brought his mouth to hers. His hand now worked her top up until both breasts were exposed to the cool late afternoon air, causing the nipples to harden even more. Tommy broke the kiss and pulled back, looking down at his mother's beautiful full breasts.
"God, they're beautiful," Tommy said leaning over as if to kiss one.
"No, Tommy stop," Sue said pushing Tommy away.
Tommy fell onto his back, his chest heaving, looking up at the sky. "I'm... I'm an idiot, Mom. I always spoil everything. I'm sorry."
Sue sat up, pulling her top back down and looked at her son. She was so worked up that she was losing control. It's my fault, not Tommy's, she thought. I'm the adult and I led him on. Then a sigh escaped her lips as she looked at her son's strong chest then down to the tent in his shorts.
"You're not an idiot Tommy. You're a wonderful son and I love you very much," Sue whispered, then stretched out next to him and put her head on his chest. The side of her face lay on the hot skin of his chest. She could feel his heart pounding. Slowly as if she couldn't control it, her hand began to slide down her son's stomach. She marveled at his hard abdominal muscles and watched them ripple from her ticklish touch. When she reached his belt, she paused and then as if she had made a decision, she began to unbuckle his pants.
Tommy lay frozen, excited beyond his wildest dreams. "Mom," he whispered.
"Shhhhh!" Sue said as she unsnapped his shorts and pulled his zipper down. She hesitated only a moment before she reached her trembling hand into his boxer shorts and grasped his hard penis.
Tommy moaned.
Sue's hand pulled his hard shaft from his shorts and out into the bright sunlight. "Oh!" she said as she looked at her son's tool. The head was swollen and dripping juice. The skin of his shaft felt warm, almost hot in her hand. Sue's world was spinning around her as she began to move her hand up and down her son's penis.
Tommy was shaking as he felt his mother take her finger and run it through the stream of clear juice coming from the dripping tip. Then she used it to coat the head until it was shining in the sunlight. She ran her fingers gently up and down his long shaft; bringing another long moan from him and another large bubble of juice. Her fingers dipped into the clear fluid and slowly, with her hand trembling, she brought it to her lips. Now there was a long strand of clear pre-cum juice connecting Sue's lips to her son's penis. Her head began to slowly slide down his chest.
She not going to... Tommy thought as he felt his mother's head move.
Sue knew how wrong this was, how crazy, but yet she couldn't stop. She coated the palm of her hand with his clear juice then wrapped it around the hot shaft. She inched further down his chest and watched as if it were someone else's hand. It wasn't real, she told herself. She couldn't be holding her son's hard penis in her hand.
Suddenly Tommy gasped and his hips pushed up.
Sue was startled when a stream of white juice shot from the head of his shaft, hitting her on the cheek and neck with great force. She squealed as it splattered across her cheek and down to her neck. Sue quickly recovered and squeezed her son's penis, milking jet after jet of sperm onto his chest and stomach in front of her wide eyes. It splattered inches from her mouth. She could smell it. Sue squeezed her legs together as she felt a spasm run through her. Her hips moved in sync with Tommy's ejaculation as her own climax overtook her.
Moments later all was silent except for the birds chirping in the forest and the labored breathing of a mother and her son. Then Sue lifted her head and fell back onto the ground, her chest still heaving up and down. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. God, if he hadn't cum when he did, what was I going to do? she asked herself.
"I think it's time we head back," Sue said as she sat up. She looked down at his sperm covered stomach and shivered. She could feel the hot juice cooling on her face and beginning to run.
"Mom, I uh, uh, I'm sorry," Tommy said, feeling like a fool for not controlling himself and squirting cum in her face. He looked shamefully at his mother's wet cheek and the clear stream of cum streaking her neck.
"Here take your shirt," Sue said, "it's getting dark."
Tommy started to put his shirt on but hesitated, looking at the glistening juice on his mother's cheek and neck. "Do you want to use this?" he said holding his shirt out to his mother.
"No, I'm okay, let's not soil your shirt," Sue said. She felt the juice trickle down her neck and to the top of her breast. It was very odd but she wanted to feel his juice on her face. She just wasn't ready to wipe it off. Bob used to love to squirt his juice into her face and she would leave it there until it dried.
As they turned to head back up the trail, Sue's hand brushed her son's. Without looking down or saying a word, Sue took his hand and squeezed it.
Tommy almost sighed in relief.
They walked hand in hand, back to where they had left their blanket. They retrieved the blanket and the rest of their belongings and drove home in silence. Both mother and son had a million thoughts going through their heads.
Chapter 6
The workweek was very busy for Sue. She had to work late several nights and she brought work home with her. Tommy had the playbook from his new school to read, so they didn't have time to talk about the events of the weekend. Neither of them knew what to say to the other anyway, so it was a good time to assess their feelings.
Sue felt guilt about what happened. It felt like she had taken advantage of her son's innocence.
Tommy was concerned that his mom would be angry with him for pushing her too far. Although, she didn't act upset and their conversations at the dinner table seemed normal. Still, he felt juvenile for not controlling himself and squirting in her face. Yet, she had left his sperm there, refusing the offer of his shirt.
On Friday evening Tommy got up enough nerve to ask his mother if she wanted to go on another date. He feared the worst when Sue said that they had to talk.
After a quiet dinner, Sue asked Tommy to join her in the living room.
Here it comes, Tommy thought.
Sue patted the sofa next to her when she saw Tommy start to sit in a chair across the room. She took a deep breath and looked into her son's eyes. "Tommy, I feel bad about what happened last weekend."
"Mom... I... I... uh..." Tommy started to speak.
"Let me speak," Sue said taking her son's hands in hers. "I'm sorry about what happened at the lake. A mother should never do anything like that with her son. I had too much to drink but that's no excuse; I was totally out of line. I, I..." Sue began to cry.
"Mom, God, you have nothing to be sorry for. I was the one that started it, I should be ashamed," Tommy said, hugging his sobbing mother.
Tommy held her for a long time before he felt like he had to say what he was feeling. "Mom, I... I... have to tell you that it was the greatest experience of my life, no matter whose fault it was," Tommy said, lifting his mother's tear streaked face. "I never, ever, want to hurt you... or make you cry." Tears began to fall from his eyes.
"Oh Tommy, I love you."
Tommy brought his lips to hers in a loving and tender kiss. When he pulled away, he held her face in his hands, using his thumbs to wipe away her tears. "I'll try harder to control myself," he promised.
"And so will I," Sue added, and a little smile crossed her face.
Tommy smiled back and said jokingly, "But you have to remember, I'm just a horny teenager."
Sue raised an eyebrow. Suddenly, she broke out laughing. Tommy joined her, almost falling off the bed.
When Tommy stopped laughing, he looked at his mother with that smile of his and said, "How about another date?"
"You're incorrigible," she said.
"I know. That's why you love me. Another date, please!"
"All right, but you have to promise to behave," Sue said lightly.
"I promise," he answered excitedly.
"Wait a minute. There have to be some rules."
"Alright," Tommy answered, ready to agree to anything. "Give me the rules."
"I don't know all of them but most importantly, we have to control ourselves. Things have gotten a little out of hand so far."
"Does behaving mean that you can't teach me more about girls and guys and stuff?"
Sue was quiet for a minute. She knew she was on very dangerous ground. Her rational brain was screaming for her to stop all this. Yet, her emotional side was winning. Finally she spoke. "No, but it does mean that we have to know when to stop. When I say 'stop', that's it. You have to stop whatever you're doing, as hard as that might be. Do you agree?" Sue could feel excitement begin to course through her.
Tommy thought he was going to scream. He wanted to jump for joy. This was beyond his wildest imagination. He calmed himself and said in a controlled voice, "Fair enough, you're the boss. Tomorrow night then?"
Sue took a deep breath and said, "Tomorrow night."
The following evening, they went out to a late dinner and came back home. Tommy didn't try to kiss her or take advantage of the fact that she had drunk a few glasses of wine. He was a perfect gentleman except that he did try to look up her dress.
Sue just looked at him when she saw his eyes and said, "Behave." However, overall, she was impressed with his control and, strangely, just a little disappointed.
It was an unseasonably chilly June evening, so Tommy started a fire in the fireplace while Sue when upstairs to change. Then he went to the kitchen and got a bottle of wine and a glass for his mom. He brought a coke back for himself and put some soft music in the CD player. He lit several scented candles around the room.
He was sitting on the sofa when Sue came back down. She had put on a pair of sky blue silky pajama pants and top. The blue in the outfit matched her beautiful eyes. Tommy whistled in appreciation as he handed her a glass of wine.
"Would you care to dance?" Tommy asked. "I'm not that good but I'm a quick learner."
"Great idea! But I thought you didn't know how?"
"I don't," Tommy smiled sheepishly.
"Alright, I guess this is a good time for a lesson then," Sue said taking a quick drink before putting her wine on the table. "Your father had two left feet but he tried hard and was going to take lessons before he..." Sue's voice trailed off. She stepped forward and took her son in her arms, placing her head on his shoulder.
Within seconds, she realized that he needed some major work. She pulled back and smiled at her son. "You definitely need a lesson," she said with a laugh. "Now the first thing is, DON'T STEP ON YOUR DATE'S FEET."
"Ah Mom, I know that," Tommy responded.
They danced for the better part of an hour. Sue taught him how to hold a girl and how to move smoothly around the room. Tommy was a fast learner and got the hang of it very quickly. Finally, they tired and sat on the sofa together.
"That was great Mom, thanks."
"You're welcome."
"Mom, can I ask you a question?"
"Anything dear."
"Well, all... all the boys talk about things. You know, girls and things. They... talk about... you know... oral sex."
Oh here it comes! thought Sue.
"I... I ... was just wondering if girls really like to do that... uh you know." Tommy began to stutter a little, as he became nervous with the frank question. Suddenly he stopped and his face flushed. "I'm... sorry, I shouldn't ask a question like that."
"Of course you should ask. How else are you going to learn," Sue said, feeling suddenly like a teacher.
Her response calmed Tommy's nerves so he continued. "I know there are a lot of girls that do it, but do they really like it? I mean... you know, like the taste?" Tommy was only being partially facetious with the question. The boys in school all talked about it but he was curious to know if women really liked.
"Well, I think a lot of girls like to do it. Your dad and I..." Sue stopped, not wanting to get too personal. "I'm sure there are lots of girls that like it, but I'm not sure they really like the taste. I guess it's like Scotch, you have to acquire a taste for it," she said and smiled. "I think the thrill of doing something like that for someone you love is what I like." Sue paused for a second to let him absorb that. Then she added, "Girls also like to have it done to them, it's a two way street you know."
"Really! I mean... I've seen it in movies but I thought it was just for show," Tommy said, truly amazed.
"Of course they do. Don't be so self-centered," Sue said almost in anger. Then her tone softened. "A man should be just as willing to use his mouth on a woman as having it done to him. A man that is good with his mouth will have a lot of girlfriends." Sue laughed a little self-consciously, feeling a little thrill go through her groin at the thought.
As Tommy sat there thinking about that, he felt his already hard penis begin to pulse. It did sound like fun. "Mom," Tommy said, then hesitated.
"Yes?"
"Mom, since you are my teacher about dating girls and stuff, would you tell me... uh tell me about... about... you know the oral sex stuff. I... mean... how does a girl do it?" Tommy asked taking a big chance. He figured his mother would see right through his farce.
Sue sat silent for some time. She held her wineglass in her hand and stared at the wine, swirling it around. She felt that old thrill go through her. "Tommy, I think that's going a good bit too far."
"Okay, I just thought I'd ask. Can't hurt to ask, can it?" Tommy said trying to act like it had all been a joke.
"No it can't, but let me think about it," Sue said putting her glass down on the table. She leaned over to Tommy and brought his lips to hers. She had wanted a kiss so bad tonight. Tommy was being too much of a gentleman.
They held each other, kissing passionately for a long time. Finally, Sue felt Tommy's hand on her silk covered breast. It's about time! she thought. Sue moaned into her son's mouth as he squeezed her soft breast. Then, she surprised Tommy by reaching up and slowly unbuttoning her pajama top, all the way down the front as their lips stayed locked together. Then she pulled the top open and pressed her naked flesh to her son. They moaned into each other's mouths.
Finally, when they broke away, both of them were breathing hard. There was fire burning in Sue's eyes.
Tommy's eyes were wide as he looked down at his mother's naked chest. He bent his head and started to kiss down her neck when he felt her hands on his cheeks.
Sue held Tommy's face in her hands and looked into his eyes. Oh hell, she thought, I can't resist this boy. Still staring into his eyes, her hand moved to his crotch and rubbed gently over his penis. It was throbbing and stretched down the leg of his shorts. Sue gasped as her hand wrapped around the shaft. She squeezed him, working down the cloth-covered protrusion. It felt huge.
Deep inside, Sue's brain was screaming... Stop! Stop!
Then Tommy felt his mother's hand move to his belt. His heart began to beat wildly.
Sue pulled back and used both hands to open her son's shorts. Then she slid off the couch and onto the floor between his legs, her blouse flapping carelessly open. She reached up, grasped the waist of his shorts, and pulled on them. Tommy sat wide-eyed looking down at his mother.
"Give me a little help, will you?" Sue said.
Tommy came out of his trance, lifted his butt off the sofa, and let his mother strip his pants and underwear over his bare feet.
Sue sat back and gasped again. Her son was now naked from the waist down and his raging erection was throbbing in front of her face. She studied it for a second time. He had cum so quickly in the park that she didn't really get to see it that well. His penis was beautiful and perfect. It was longer and thicker than his father's, with blue veins bulging on the sides and a perfectly mushroom shaped crown. Sue slid her hands up his thighs, moving forward until she was inches from his penis. She looked on in wonder at his equipment. Slowly her hands took hold of the shaft, gently, almost like it was fine china.
Tommy moaned and bucked his hips.
"Settle down, we don't want you to go off too soon. A good blow job should be slow and sensual," Sue said, bringing his leaking cock close to her lips.
Tommy almost climaxed from his mother's words alone. "A good blow job," she had said. He began to tremble all over.
Sue shot her tongue out, flicking it across the head and tasting his sweet juice.
Tommy moaned again.
She used her tongue to lick around the head, teasing the sensitive skin where the head and shaft met. Sue was being very careful not to over excite him. She knew from last weekend that he could cum very quickly.
Sue took the head into her mouth, gently sucking it, then using her teeth to put a little pressure around the edges. Sue loved oral sex. She was one of "those girls" that liked the taste. It had been one of her favorite things to do to Tommy's father. And, she was very good at it too. Tonight, she used all of her skills to work her son to a peak and then she would back off, keeping him on the edge for a long, long time.
Tommy stared in amazement as he watched his beautiful mother worship his cock. She seemed to be in a world of her own. He watched as her tongue licked him and then her mouth sucked him inside. He would moan each time she would take the shaft deep into her mouth. Several times, he began to throb, near orgasm, but his mother would squeeze tight at the base until he was under control again. It was the most incredible feeling he had ever felt.
Sue worked on him for over a half-hour, literally making love to his penis. However, she knew that Tommy couldn't take much more. The truth was that she couldn't take much more either. She now wanted him to cum as bad as he did; she thirsted for his sweet juice. It had been a long time since she had tasted sperm. Sue had acquired a taste for cum years ago.
Tommy wanted to thrust his hips up at his mother in the worst way, but he sat still, letting her take the lead.
Sue wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft and held it tight as she pulled her head back and stuck out her tongue, flicking the tip. She looked up at her son who was still staring wide-eyed at her. Then she closed her eyes and put her mouth over the head of his penis. Her hand moved up and down several times rapidly. That was all it took.
Tommy thought his head was going to explode. He yelled loud enough for the neighbors to hear and his hips lifted off the sofa.
Sue's head moved back in surprise at the force of his ejaculation but kept the head in her mouth. The hot cream hit the back of her throat, choking her momentarily. She swallowed just in time for another blast to enter her mouth. She was ready this time and swallowed it down rapidly, waiting for the next shot. It came quickly, filling her mouth to over flowing. She tried to swallow it all but it was just too much. It dripped from the corners of her mouth and ran down to her son's balls. As his sticky white cum dripped from her chin, Sue felt that familiar tremor in her pussy. Suddenly, she took a huge swallow and began to climax. She bucked her hips as her vagina throbbed. She lost control for a moment and stopped sucking. As her mouth filled, she quickly realized she had to swallow.
Tommy thought he was going to die. He had never felt anything so intense. He couldn't believe that he was sitting here on his sofa, squirting cum into his mother's mouth. And, she was drinking it! He could hear her struggling to swallow it all. Now he knew that his mom was right; some girls do like the taste.
When he could cum no more, Sue released his depleted penis and moved her tongue down to his balls to clean up what had spilled from her mouth.
Tommy was lying back exhausted. When he opened his eyes, he saw his mother's pretty blue eyes staring up at him. Her lips and chin were coated with his white cum, but she had swallowed most of it. Tommy couldn't resist; he reached down and pulled his mother up to him.
Sue was surprised when Tommy brought his lips to hers; they shared a very wet and intimate kiss.
Chapter 7
Both Tommy and his mom realized that the ice had been broken and that there was no going back. The best that Sue could hope for was to control how far they went. However, she knew that that was going to be exceedingly difficult. After all, she had her own needs. However, she navely thought that if she could keep him satisfied orally then he wouldn't try to push it further.
The following morning she was in the bathroom in her bra and panties getting dressed. It was Saturday and she wasn't going into work for a change. She saw Tommy looking into the bathroom through the slightly opened door. With a sigh, she turned and looked at him.
Tommy smiled and pushed the door open. "Good morning Mom," he said as he stepped into the bathroom.
"Good morning sweetheart." Sue kissed his lips quickly and turned back to the mirror to put her makeup on.
Tommy stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist.
She saw him looking over her shoulder at her thinly dressed form. Her nipples began to harden under her thin beige stretch bra. Then she saw his hands slowly moving up her stomach and over her rib cage. When his hands reached her bra-covered breasts, his lips touched the tender area of her neck. A chill ran through Sue and she whispered, "Tommy." However, there was no admonishment in her voice and she didn't say stop.
Slowly Tommy pushed his fingers under her bra. "I want to see your breasts," he whispered. When his mother just moaned, he boldly pushed the bra up, letting both breasts pop free. "Oh God," he moaned when he saw her large breasts in the mirror. His hands covered the soft flesh and began to knead them like cookie dough.
"Tommy," Sue moaned again, rapidly losing control. She could feel her son's hard penis pressing into her panty-covered buttocks. Her own hips began to push backward. With a deep breath, Sue spun around in Tommy's arms. She saw him smile and as he bent to kiss her lips. Instead of giving him her lips, Sue slid to her knees. Quickly she unsnapped his shorts and pulled them down. She gasped when his penis sprung out and hit her in the face. He hadn't worn any underwear.
"Oh God Mom," Tommy moaned as his mother took his penis into her mouth and began to suck. His hips began to move back and forth, forcing his penis to the back of her throat. He watched as her face showed the pleasure she was getting from sucking him. Tommy was rapidly reaching the point of no return. "Mom," he hissed. When she didn't respond, he said it louder. "Mom!"
Sue groaned around her son's penis and looked up at him.
"Mom... can I fuck your ti... breasts?"
Sue opened her eyes wide in surprise. God, he was so much like his father. That was one of his favorite things to do. Slowly Sue pulled his penis from her mouth. She looked up at Tommy and smiled. Then she kissed the swollen head lovingly before sitting up on her knees until his penis was between her breasts. She reached behind her, unsnapped her bra, and dropped it to the floor. Then she took a bottle of cream from the counter. Without a word, she squirted it between her breasts and then closed the mounds around him, imprisoning him in her soft flesh.
"Ohhhhhh!!!" Tommy moaned as the warm flesh enveloped him. He watched in excitement as she began to move her breasts up and down, her mouth catching the head when it reached her lips. Tommy knew that he wasn't going to last very long. This was just too wild. His hips began to move quickly, forcing his penis between her breasts so rapidly that she couldn't catch the head in her mouth any more.
Sue held her breasts tightly around her son's penis, looking up at his pleasure filled face. She saw him grimace and knew that he was close.
"Oh God Mom... I'm going to... ohhhhhhh... cummmmm!!!" Suddenly, Tommy's penis throbbed and shot a huge string of juice into the air, hitting his mother's chin and running down her chest. Then another blast hit her and then another, splattering across her chest. It kept coming until there was nothing left but a slow trickle.
When the last drop was squeezed out, Tommy staggered backward. He saw his mother looking at her cum-covered breasts. Then he watched her begin to massage the thick juice into the soft skin.
Sue was lost in her own world for a few minutes. When she realized that Tommy was staring at her she stood up. "I have to get dressed now, so give me a little privacy please."
"Uh... okay," Tommy said.
As soon as Tommy was gone, Sue closed the door. She pulled her panties down and began to masturbate with one cum-covered hand. She used her other hand to caress her juice-covered breasts until a strong climax roared through her.
Finally, Sue sighed and dressed, pulling the bra over her still wet breasts. Strangely, she felt less guilt now. It seemed that each time got a little easier. That worried her.
The following evening, Sue and Tommy were scheduled to go down the street to a neighbor's house for a graduation party. Sue was dressed in a low cut black cocktail dress. The dress exposed a lot of her breasts and required a bra.
Tommy moaned about having to wear a tie but when he saw the way his mother was dressed, he shut up. His eyes stared at her exposed chest. "Wow Mom!" was all he could muster.
"I'll take that as a compliment," she said with a laugh. "Let's get going."
Sue and Tommy walked down the street to the Wilson's' house. It was a large home with stone pillars in front and a circular driveway. In the back, they had a large pool with manicured hedgerows for privacy. The house was the largest in the neighborhood and was almost out of place. However, the Wilson's were nice people and fit in well with the community.
Shirley Wilson greeted them at the door and hugged Sue. She kissed Tommy on the cheek and invited them inside. There was already a crowd of people inside the house. Within seconds, several women had Sue in a conversation. Tommy smiled and wandered around the room. He knew many of the kids but not too many of the adults. There were a number of teenaged girls that came up to Tommy but he spent little time with them. He kept his eye on his mom.
Once in a while, Sue would look around for Tommy. She would smile when she saw him looking at her and then make a face, indicating that he should mingle with the girls. When he would shake his head no, she would purse her lips in exasperation.
Sue had consumed quite a bit of wine in the first hour of the party. Every time her glass was empty, someone would give her another glass. Soon, she was feeling the effects.
The next time she looked for Tommy, she saw him near the sliding glass door leading to the pool. When she caught his eye, she saw him make a motion with his head for her to join him. She had a feeling he was up to something so she shook her head no but smiled sweetly. For the next few minutes, every time she saw him, he would motion for her to follow him. Finally, she gave in and walked toward him.
"Let's go out and get some air," Tommy said, leading his mother out the open slider.
It was a beautiful moonlit evening with a cloudless sky and fireflies flickering their mating calls. Tommy and Sue walked down the sidewalk, past the hedgerow. When they reached the end, Tommy pulled his mother to the other side. He quickly pulled her into his arms and brought his lips to hers.
"Tomm... mmmmm..." Sue moaned as she tried to protest. This was very dangerous, she thought but was unable to dissuade him as his tongue pressed into her mouth. Soon, Sue gave up her protest and melted into Tommy's strong arms. She felt his hands sliding down her bare back and across her dress to cup her buttocks.
Tommy pulled his mother's groin to his and let her feel how excited he was.
Sue moaned again and pressed back.
"God, I needed that," Tommy said breathlessly when their lips parted after a long kiss. "Every time I looked at you I wanted to rush over and kiss you."
Sue could feel her head spinning from the kiss and the wine. She brought her lips to his for a second kiss that lasted even longer. She worked her tongue into his mouth and felt him immediately capture it with his lips. She moaned as they pressed their lower regions together even harder. His hands cupped her buttocks under her tight dress, squeezing the supple flesh in his strong fingers.
One of Tommy's hands slid around and then down to Sue's naked thighs.
"Tommy," Sue said as she felt him slowly moving it up her leg. In spite of her admonishment, her legs moved slightly apart. "Oh my God," she whispered as his hand reached her vagina.
Tommy moaned as his fingers felt a woman's private parts for the first time. He could feel the swollen and wet lips under his searching fingers. Then a finger found the dripping hole.
"Tommy, Tommy, please," Sue pleaded as if she couldn't stop him. A slow moan escaped her lips as his finger slowly slid into her body.
Within seconds, Tommy's hand was dripping with his mother's sex juice. He moved his finger in and out of her warm hole, loving the feeling of her slick inner flesh. Quickly, before she could protest, he added a second finger. He heard her moan again and her hips pressed down, taking both fingers all the way inside.
Sue had lost control. Her hips began to work up and down on her son's fingers and her head was spinning wildly. It took only a few more thrusts before she began to tremble.
Tommy was a little surprised as his mother began to shake. Suddenly, he realized that she was climaxing on his fingers. He smiled and worked them into her harder, creating a loud sucking sound in the otherwise quiet night.
When Sue stopped shuddering, she almost collapsed into Tommy's arms.
Tommy looked over the hedgerow and saw that they were still alone. He placed his hands on his mother's shoulders and began to gently push downward. "Suck me," he hissed, as she went to her knees.
Sue head was still foggy as she settled to her knees on the cool grass. "Tommy, this is crazy," she said as she looked up at him, her eyes still sparkling with fire in the moonlight. Yet, even as she spoke, she was opening his pants.
Tommy kept looking back across the hedgerow at the house to make sure no one came outside. He turned back in time to see his mother take his penis into her mouth. "Ahhhhh!!!" he groaned as her talented mouth took possession of his hard shaft.
Sue moaned as well as she tasted the sweet flavor of his penis. She felt Tommy's hands on her head. She let him direct her head back and forth. Then she began to move her hand back and forth, trying to bring him off quickly. Even in her wine-fogged brain, Sue still knew that someone could come upon them at any time.
Fortunately, it wasn't going to take long for Tommy to cum in his mother's mouth. However, suddenly, he wanted something different, something really nasty. He pulled back, his penis coming out of his mother's mouth with a pop.
Sue looked up at him in surprise. Then she felt his hands on her shoulders pushing the straps of her gown and bra down her arms. "What are you doing?" she whispered in panic.
Tommy didn't answer as he pushed her straps down until her breasts were free from the bra. He pointed his penis downward. "Jerk me into your bra," he whispered excitedly.
"Good God Tommy, no!" Sue exclaimed in protest. Still, she grasped his penis and began to masturbate him. She jerked on his penis in rapid motions, her hand moving in a blur.
"Yes, yes," Tommy moaned as his legs tensed.
Sue was breathing hard again. She couldn't believe what she was doing but it was turning her on nonetheless. When she heard Tommy moan, she directed the head of his penis into one cup of her bra. She shivered as she watched his thick white juice splatter into the cup. When several squirts had coated the inner liner of that cup, she moved the head quickly to the other cup. Soon, both sides were coated with Tommy's thick discharge and it was running down, pooling in the middle.
Suddenly, there were voices coming from the house.
As the voices grew closer, Sue quickly pulled her top back up, pushing her breasts into the wet material. She moaned as Tommy's hot cum coated her nipples. Then she helped Tommy get his penis back into his pants. Just as they stood up and stepped from behind the hedgerow, Shirley Wilson and a friend walked by.
"Oh that's were you are," Shirley said. "I told Marge that I saw you go outside with Tommy."
"Uh... yes, Tommy... uh and I needed to get a little air."
"Well, come with me, I want Marge to tell you about a community project that she's working on."
Tommy watched as the two ladies led off his mother. He smiled. God if they only knew! he thought.
Sue followed the two women back into the house. She could feel her sex juices filling her panties as her breasts swam in her son's juice. She could even smell it and hoped that no one else could. She knew that she would have to escape them soon and find a bathroom to take care of her own renewed desire.
Chapter 8
After the episode at the party, Sue and Tommy gradually became comfortable with their new relationship. Sue still knew it was very wrong but she no longer chastised herself for it. It was what her son needed right now she rationalized. It was their little secret.
They both grew very casual about how little they wore in front of each other. It seemed to Sue that Tommy was always stopping in to talk when she was getting dressed. It never took long for Tommy to show that he was interested in more than conversation. Sue rarely protested.
Each morning he would stop by as she dressed for work. Within seconds, she would have his penis in her mouth. Then a minute later, she would be drinking his sperm. Most evenings it was a replay. Sue was actually disappointed when they missed a morning or evening. She almost felt like she had become addicted to her son's semen.
Sue was in her bathrobe after her shower one morning a week or so later. She had just taken her panties out of the drawer when Tommy tapped on the door. Sue told him to come in.
"Good morning Mom," Tommy said brightly as he sat on the bed.
"Hi sweetie."
"What's on the agenda today?" Tommy asked watching his mother closely.
"Well, we have a lot of yard work to catch up on so I think we had better stay home and get it done."
"All right, if we have too," Tommy said in mock exasperation.
Sue untied her robe and dropped it from her shoulders, standing naked unashamedly in front of Tommy.
"God, you're beautiful," Tommy said sincerely.
"Thank you," Sue whispered. There was no longer any embarrassment at being naked in front of him. As she bent over and picked up her panties, she saw his eyes staring at her breasts as they swung naturally below her. She took her time pulling her panties up, beginning to enjoy the show. As the silky panties crossed her thighs, she turned her back to him and heard him gasp.
Tommy had an erection before he walked into the room but now it was throbbing in the tight confines of his shorts. As his mother went to get her bra, he pulled his zipper down and freed his shaft from its prison.
It was Sue's turn to gasp when she turned around and saw him holding his erect shaft. Every time she saw it, it looked bigger, she thought. She swallowed hard as she stood frozen, holding her bra in her hand and watching him slowly move his hand up and down. In all the years she was married, she had never seen her husband masturbate. While she had asked him to on occasion, he had always refused. He said that he would be too embarrassed. It was obvious that Tommy didn't have that problem.
Tommy watched his mother's face as she watched him masturbate. He found it an incredible turn-on to have her watch him. "Do you like watching me masturbate?" Tommy asked breathlessly.
It took a moment for Sue to answer. Her throat was suddenly dry. "Yes," she choked out in a hoarse whisper.
"Then sit down and I'll show you how I like to do it."
Sue backed up until she sat in her vanity chair, her eyes never leaving Tommy.
Tommy stood up and slowly stripped off his shirt. Then he opened his shorts and began to pull them down. Suddenly, he turned until his back was to his mother. Like a stripper, he slowly pulled his shorts below his buttocks. Tommy was as surprised as his mother at his boldness.
Sue sat fascinated as she watched her son strip for her. Tommy had been just a little boy the last time she saw him completely naked. He certainly wasn't a little boy anymore, Sue thought as his shorts fell to his feet and he kicked them away. She scanned his naked body from behind. His shoulders were broad and rippled with muscles. His waist was narrow and his hips jutted out from all the strenuous training. However, his buttocks were his best asset. They were rock hard and perfectly shaped globes. His thighs were strong and lean without an ounce of fat. He could be a male stripper, Sue thought.
Slowly, Tommy turned around. His penis was now pulsing and there was a long strand of clear liquid hanging from the tip. Tommy began to stroke himself again. More of his clear juice bubbled out, stretching in a silvery string toward the carpet. "Oh God Mom, I'm getting close," he warned. Tommy's hand moved rapidly up and down until his thighs tensed. When he was ready to squirt, he held his hand under the head. Suddenly, he began to pour the contents of his balls into his outstretched hand.
Sue watched in excited fascination as her son climaxed into his own hand. She saw his hand fill with his sperm and begin to spill over the sides. With a moan she dropped to her knees and quickly licked the cum dripping from his palm. As soon as Tommy was done, Sue turned his cum filled hand to her mouth.
In another similar incident, Tommy caught his mother just as she was ready to go out the door to work. He brought her to him and kissed her passionately.
"Tommy, my makeup," she protested as he kissed her lips, then her face and neck.
"Suck me!" he said like a command.
Sue moaned and moved quickly to her knees in front of her son. She set her briefcase down and took his penis into her hand. She heard him groan from far away as she caught a drop of dripping juice on her tongue, following it with her mouth to the swollen head. "Mmmmmm!" she moaned deep in her throat as she sucked the head into her mouth.
Tommy grasped his mother's face in his hands. As his hips began to move back and forth, he could see the head of his penis sliding in and out of her mouth under her cheeks. He pressed his thumbs to her cheeks and felt his shaft as she sucked it deep into her throat.
Sue sucked Tommy until she could tell that he was getting close. She was ready to drink his sperm when she felt him pulling on her shoulders. In surprise, she let him slip out of her mouth and she stood up. She let Tommy's lips capture hers without protest now. Her makeup could be fixed afterward.
As their bodies pressed together, Sue could feel his erection pressing against her stomach. She moaned as their hips began to move against each other. She knew that she was going to have a wet mark on the front of her skirt. When she felt Tommy's hand move down to push her dress up she began to shiver. However, when he grasped his penis and pushed it between her legs she said, "Tommy, no!" Suddenly, she realized that she was lucky she had her panties on. It was the only thing preventing penetration. Sue almost sighed when he didn't try to do anything else. She wasn't sure she could have stopped him.
"Oh God Mom!" Tommy moaned as he moved his hips back and forth between her warm thighs. He could feel her sex lips pressing down on the top of his shaft, the gusset of her panties rapidly becoming soaked with their combined juices.
When Sue was certain that Tommy was near ejaculation, she pushed him away from her.
Tommy thought that she was going to go to her knees and suck him again. However, he was surprised when she reached down and pulled the crotch of her panties away from her sex. Then for just a second, Tommy thought that she was going to let him penetrate her.
However, Sue had other ideas. She took Tommy's penis and situated it between the wet crotch of her panties and her dripping sex lips. His penis was at an odd angle, pointing downward. That made Sue's sex lips split apart and cover the shaft with her wet and swollen flesh. She slid her panties back over her lips, trapping his penis inside the silky material. Then, she began to move back and forth again, massaging him with her swollen lips. She knew that Tommy wouldn't last long.
Almost as soon as he felt her blood filled lips on his penis, he groaned and his penis lurched, spewing his thick cum onto the gusset of her little red panties.
Sue's climax wasn't far behind. When she felt her vagina being sprayed by her son's semen, her legs shook and her body went into convulsions. If Tommy hadn't been holding her, she would have collapsed to the floor.
When Tommy felt his mother's body stop shaking, he staggered back in exhaustion.
Sue found it difficult to focus her eyes. She backed up unsteadily and leaned against the front door. When she could get her breath again she shook her head. God that was close, she thought.
Tommy smiled at his mother with exhaustion on his face. Then he pushed his now soft penis back into his pants and said, "Have a nice day."
Sue picked up her briefcase and opened the door. As she stepped out onto the front porch, she was suddenly very much aware of her sodden crotch. For a second, she considered going back into the house to clean up. A naughty thrill went through her as she walked down the sidewalk to her car. Sue went to work with her sex lips swimming in Tommy's sperm.
Chapter 9
Sue was sitting at her desk one evening, still in her white blouse and blue skirt that she had worn to work. She was thinking about her and Tommy's relationship as she did quite often. She had done a lot of soul searching during the last few days. Their relationship has progressed well beyond anything she could have ever imagined. So far, it had been limited to oral sex and a little masturbation. The nagging question on her mind was where did they go from here? It was getting more and more difficult for her to control things. It had been so close the other day.
It seemed that almost every time they were together, they couldn't keep their hands off each other. He would touch her or kiss her and that would start it. She would respond and things would get out of control from there.
"Hi Mom," Tommy said, coming into the room and sitting down.
"Hi Tommy. I thought you were going to the ball game with Joey?"
"I was but he has a cold and cancelled out."
"I'm sorry."
"It's okay. I'd rather be home with you."
Sue looked at him and shook her head. "What am I going to do with you?" she asked rhetorically.
"Love me," he said with a big smile and opened his arms to her.
Sue put down her pen and then walked over to sit on Tommy's lap. She kissed his lips and then snuggled into his arms. Suddenly, she felt so protected in his embrace.
"Mom, you... uh... we have... uh done a lot of... you know... things," Tommy said hesitantly.
Sue was silent, wondering where this was going to go.
"You said... uh... you said that it was selfish for a man just to take and... and not give back."
Immediately, Sue knew what was coming. It wasn't like she hadn't expected it. However, she that what he was going to ask was a big step.
"Will you teach me... to uh... you know... do oral on you?"
Sue was silent for a long time. She could feel her heart beating hard in her chest. There was a tremendous struggle going on in her head. On one hand, she had done so much already, what was the difference if she let him do it to her? On the other, she knew that it would be taking their relationship to a new level. However, the thought of having his mouth on her was incredibly exciting. So, what would be the harm? Who would know?
"I... I don't know Tommy," she said reluctantly. "Let me think about it."
Tommy felt a thrill of excitement go through him. Every time she said that, she came back and did what he wanted. "That's fair," he said and his hand moved up to caress her breast.
Sue could feel his erection pressing into her buttocks. With a sigh she slid off his lap and knelt between his legs.
Tommy smiled and opened his pants. He reached inside and pulled out his swollen erection. When Sue went to grab it with her hands, he grabbed her wrists, holding her hands away. He lifted up slightly and slid the head into her mouth. He watched his mother suck him for a few minutes and then, with his penis still in her mouth, he stood.
Sue backed up and let Tommy stand in front of her. She knew what he wanted when his hips began to move back and forth while he held her arms over her head. He wants to fuck my mouth, she thought. A moan escaped her stretched lips as she let her son use her mouth.
When Tommy let go of his mother's hands, he grasped her head. He was happy to see that she let her arms slip idly to her sides. Tommy's hips continued to move back and forth as he pulled her head toward him. He heard his mother choke and eased up but then he felt her move forward, forcing him to the back of her throat again.
For some strange reason, Sue suddenly felt very submissive. It wasn't like her to play that role. However, at the moment, it felt right. She moaned submissively and let her son pound into her mouth. As his movement grew more rapid, saliva began to drip from the corners of her stretched mouth.
Tommy's legs were spread wide and his knees slightly bent as he moved rapidly in and out of her mother's willing mouth. His fingers were curled tightly in her hair as he moved almost violently in and out. It was a strange feeling of power to Tommy. He was in control.
Within seconds, Tommy felt his balls begin to tighten. He was ready to climax far too soon. Suddenly, Tommy pulled away from his mother. He let go of her hair and grabbed his shaft at the base. He was going to try to stop the climax like she had taught him. However, when he looked down and saw her face looking at him expectantly, he knew that he couldn't hold back any longer.
Sue's breath was coming in great gasps. Her eyes were opened wide as she stared at her son's quivering penis as she sat back on her haunches and waited.
Tommy could feel his sperm backing up as he held his penis tightly at the base. Suddenly, he bellowed and eased the pressure on the base. His sperm flew out with such force that it arched across his mother's head, landing in her hair. The next blast hit her directly in the face, splattering on her forehead and dripping to her cheek. Then another blast hurtled toward her.
Sue closed her eyes and squeezed her thighs together as her own climax began. Her sex lips throbbed with pleasure as she felt her son's juice continue to cover her face. She held her face out to the spray as if she were in the shower, loving the warm liquid.
Amazingly, Tommy's climax seemed to go on and on, covering his mother's face and splattering on her white blouse and skirt. Finally, as his climax dwindled, his legs weakened and he fell back into the chair. Through hooded eyes, he saw his mother scraping his cum from her face and putting it into her mouth.
Chapter 10
At the breakfast table the following morning, Tommy brought up the inevitable question. "Mom, you said you would think about what I asked."
Sue looked at her son and smiled. "We'll see," was her only commitment. Sue had made up her mind but she wasn't ready to reveal her answer to Tommy yet.
'We'll see,' Tommy thought. That's as good as yes. He couldn't control the smile that crossed his face.
Sue and Tommy decided to go to their favorite restaurant that night. As always, Tommy was ready early, waiting at the door for his mom. When she came down she was wearing a very short skirt with high heels. However, on top, she had on a dark sweater that buttoned down the front with a white blouse underneath. The top looked like something that a schoolteacher would wear. However, the skirt looked hot. Tommy was curious about her selection of clothing but decided not to say anything.
When Sue got into the car, she made sure that she carelessly spread her legs, giving her son a clear view of her shiny pink panties and the creamy white skin above her thigh high stockings. Once he was in the car, Tommy was bold enough to reach over and place his hand on her thigh. He drove with one hand and used the other to slide her skirt up so he could see her panties. Sue let Tommy's hand move up until he reached her panties, stopping him only when she thought he was being distracted from driving. She grabbed his hand, leaving it on her thigh, and gently told him to pay attention to the road.
Sue and Tommy got their special table in the back of the restaurant, giving them the privacy that they wanted. The two chatted until the waitress took their drink order. When she left, Sue said she had to go to the ladies room. Several minutes later she returned and stopped next to Tommy. She held out her hand, indicating that he should open his hand. She placed a piece of balled up material into his hand and sat down.
Tommy looked at his mother with raised eyebrows and then opened his hand. He felt his penis lurch in his pants when he saw the silky pink balled up material. It was his mom's panties. Suddenly, he saw the waitress out of the corner of his eye and quickly put the hand holding the panties below the table. He didn't know if the waitress saw what was in his hand but he did know his face was as red as a beet. His mother just smiled at his obvious distress.
After they had ordered dinner and the waitress was gone, Tommy pulled his hand from under the table. He looked at the tiny pair of panties and saw that the crotch was soaked. Not even thinking, he brought the crotch to his nose, inhaling deeply, his eyes on his mother all the time.
Then Sue watched with shock as Tommy casually opened the crotch and brought it to his lips.
He kissed the wet material and then made a show of sticking out his tongue and licking the gusset from one end to the other.
Sue sighed deeply and closed her eyes as a shiver ran through her.
Tommy's penis was now fully erect. It was his first taste of his mother's sex juices. He felt his hand trembling as he forced himself to ball the material up and put into his pocket. Then he reached down adjusted his penis in the very tight confines of his pants.
Sue suddenly realized that Tommy had one-upped her. However, Sue wasn't done yet.
When dinner was served, Tommy and Sue ate in silence, looking at each other with loving glances. About mid-way through the meal, Tommy saw his mom look around the restaurant. Seeing that no one was close by, Sue reached up and began to unbutton her sweater. Tommy thought she was starting to get warm. When all the buttons were undone, Sue pulled the sweater away from her chest. Tommy was shocked to see that the blouse was totally see-through; he could see all of his mom's firm breasts with her hard pink nipples pushing through the material. Tommy could no longer concentrate on dinner. His thoughts were on the fact that his mom was sitting across from him naked under her clothes and that he just might get to eat her tonight.
"Mom, can we go?" Tommy asked, his food only half eaten.
"I think that is an excellent idea, besides, I think I owe you a lesson."
Tommy's penis throbbed in his pants and he jumped up and practically pulled his mother out of the restaurant.
Driving home, Sue took off her sweater and sat next to her son with only her see-through blouse covering her chest. Tommy was going crazy trying to keep his eyes on the road.
Sue knew that it was dangerous to tease him this way when he was driving. However, she had been thinking about what she was going to let him do all day and it was driving her crazy with desire.
It was difficult for Tommy to keep within the speed limit as he rushed home. He had barely come to a stop at the house when he jumped out of the car and ran around to open the door for his mom. As Sue swung around, he got a close look at his mom's exposed vagina. His eyes opened wide in shock when he saw that she had no pubic hair. The normally soft blond hair was all gone, leaving her lips smooth and shiny. Tommy stood frozen looking between his mother's legs. Now his heart was pounding so loud that he thought she might hear it.
When Sue made the decision to let Tommy eat her, she decided to shave herself. His father loved her that way. As she got out of the car, she stood in front of him with a wide smile. "What's the matter sweetie," she asked, knowing the answer already. She smiled, realizing that she had the upper hand again.
"Uh... uh... nothing," he struggled to say.
Sue turned and walked toward the house, still smiling.
It took a few seconds for Tommy to realize that he was standing on the sidewalk alone. He hurried up the walk and followed his mother into the house.
"Tommy, get me a glass of wine and bring it to the living room for me please," Sue said, turning to go into the living room.
Tommy rushed to get the wine, shaking so bad that he nearly broke the glass. He tried to steady his hands as he walked back to the living room. He saw his mother sitting on the sofa waiting for him. When he handed her the glass, his hand was trembling so much that the wine almost spilled over the top. He didn't notice that his mother's hand was shaking as well.
Sue took a large drink of wine and patted the seat next to her.
Tommy sat down without a word. He was afraid that his voice wouldn't work.
Sue sighed and said, "Tommy, this is a big step for us. I know that you have wanted to ea... uh perform oral sex on me for a long time. Frankly, I've wanted it just as much, if not more. It is one of the things that I miss most about Bob. He was very good. Your father... your father and I used to do that all the time. In fact, the first time was on a sofa just like this in his mother's house. It was so crazy because his parents, your grandparents, were sleeping in the next room. We did many crazy things," she added as her eyes got misty and she stopped talking.
Tommy reached over, took his mother's hand, and sat silently, waiting for her to continue.
"I'm so confused sometimes Tommy. What we've done is so wrong but... but I can't resist you. It could be so dangerous for both of us. It's all so crazy."
"Mom... uh... we don't have to do."
"Shhh," Sue said and placed her fingers on Tommy's lips.
Sue stood up in front of Tommy and slowly began to unbutton her blouse. She shrugged it off her shoulders and paused, letting Tommy look at her large breasts so close to his face.
Tommy could see her excitement as her chest moved up and down with her rapid breathing. His own breath was beginning to come in short gasps.
Slowly, Sue began to pull her skirt up her thighs. She paused for a second when it was just below the level of her crotch, teasing Tommy. Then she pulled it to her waist and a little moan of excitement escaped her lips.
Tommy gasped. He had never seen anything so exciting in his young life. On display in front of him was his mother's very wet and swollen sex. There wasn't a speck of hair anywhere on the surface, from her navel to her thighs. The outer lips were so smooth that they were almost shining. The inner lips were protruding and there were strings of her sex juice hanging precariously, ready to drip to the floor. Her thighs, all the way to the tops of her nylons, were sparkling with her juice.
When Sue saw that Tommy was ready to grab her, she pushed him back. "Wait," she said and turned to walk over to a comfortable chair. She left her high heels on and her skirt pulled up around her waist as she sat in the chair. Then she lifted her legs and threw them over the arms of the chair, pushing her sex out at her son in an obscene manner.
Sue crooked her finger at her son and said in a breathless tone, "I think the best position for you is on your knees between my legs."
Tommy jumped up and hurried over to his mother, his eyes never leaving her displayed sex.
"Take your clothes off first."
Sue watched as Tommy stripped in record time, throwing his clothes on the floor in his haste. Then she looked at her son's totally naked body. Her eyes traveled up and down his body, settling on his pulsing erection. God, he's going to drive the women crazy someday, she thought.
Tommy fell to his knees between Sue's legs and brought his mouth very close to her swollen and leaking sex. He put his trembling hands on her thighs, forcing them further apart, intending to dive in.
"Just a minute, sweetie," Sue said, putting her hands on her son's shoulders to hold him back. "You need a few lessons in the female anatomy before you EAT ME," Sue said, emphasizing the words "eat me".
Tommy sat back and watched as his mom spread her legs even further apart. As he looked on with wide eyes, his mother used her fingers to open the pink lips. Tommy felt his mouth begin to water. He could smell her excitement and see the juice bubbling in her open hole.
"You see this little button here?" Sue said, pointing to her clit. "This is the center of a woman's sexual arousal. It is very sensitive and needs to be treated with great kindness. I will tell you more about that in a minute. Down here are my outer and inner lips." Sue stretched the inner lips apart, letting him see how flexible they were.
"The outer lips are not as sensitive and can be handled a bit more forcefully. However, these," she said, fingering the inner lips, "can be quite sensitive. Look how wet they get when I get excited." Sue tried to keep her voice calm and appeared to be very matter-of-fact in her description. However, on the inside she was burning up with need. Watching the wonder and excitement in her son's eyes was almost more than she could stand.
Tommy could see the thick juice now trickling out of his mother's hole. He could feel his own penis pouring juice out as he waited for her to let him eat her. He was breathing through his mouth now in an attempt to get enough oxygen. His head was spinning like he was falling from a great height.
"Inside the hole is where the cock goes and is very receptive to a soft tongue." Sue began to breath very hard as she forced herself to continue the description. "Ohhhhh!" Sue moaned when her finger brushed against the sensitive clit. "As I... as I showed you before, this... this is my... my clit," Sue said, spreading the lips wide and letting the tiny nub peek out, her hands shaking with excitement.
Tommy focused his eyes where his mother was pointing. He was fascinated by the smooth piece of flesh between her lips. It almost looked like a miniature head of a penis.
"My clit is... is... very sensitive. When I'm this excited, even a little touch can send me off. It's very swollen now. Be very gentle with it, please," Sue said, almost delirious.
Tommy knew most of this stuff from high school biology. However, that had been a big joke with none of the boys paying much attention. Now, watching and hearing his mom talk about her sexual parts had him shaking with desire. His eyes never left her sexual parts as she began to use her finger to massage her spread lips.
"Ohhhhh Jesus!" Sue moaned, closing her eyes in pleasure.
He watched in amazement as she put first one finger inside of herself. Then she added a second and a third until all three fingers were inside her, almost to the last knuckle. When she pulled them out, they were slick with juice.
Sue held her trembling fingers up to her son.
Tommy's mouth closed around all three fingers, sucking loudly. Was it him or his mom that moaned? The taste was like nothing he had ever tasted before. It was thicker and much sweeter than the little bit he had tasted on her panties.
"I want you to put your tongue right here Tommy," Sue said in a shaky voice, pointing to her spread open hole. "It's time for you to practice your lesson. I want you to eat my juicy cunt. I need your tongue so bad, please, please, EAT ME NOW," Sue said, suddenly losing control and almost screaming.
Tommy quickly bent forward, his mouth inches from her dripping lips.
Sue placed both hands on the sides of his head, trying to pull his face into her steaming crotch.
Tommy resisted, now the one torturing them both. With his face an inch from her dripping lips, he breathed in deeply; her wonderful smell excited him tremendously. Then his tongue came out to touch the slippery lips. He heard his mom moan, as his tongue touched her sex for the first time. Then his tongue brought the taste into his mouth.
Sue watched her son swallow her juice and moaned. She grasped his head again, her desire back under control for the moment. "Gently, gently, lick around the lips," she instructed, moving his head with her hands.
Tommy let his mother move his head around, his tongue stretched out for her pleasure. Suddenly, he wondered why his friends talk about this in gross terms. He found it a beautiful and intimate act. He knew instantly that he would love it for the rest of his life.
His mom didn't need to hold his head any longer as Tommy began to use his tongue and lips on his own. His mouth covered her hole and he began to suck the swollen lips inside. Then he bit them gently and then used his tongue to lap across the wrinkled surface.
"Ohhhhhhh, that's it, that's it, suck them, suck my lips. Oh my God, I can't stand it. Suck me, suck Mom's cunt," Sue screamed almost incoherently. Then, she began to buck her hips into his face. She pulled his head up slightly, his tongue making contact with her swollen clit. Her legs shot up and wrapped around his neck, imprisoning his mouth in her wet flesh.
That was all she could stand. Suddenly, she let out a long wail and went over the top, shuddering and screaming as a tremendous climax overtook her. She pulled the poor boy's head hard into her convulsing vagina, almost smothering him in the process.
Tommy didn't mind at all. His face was inundated in his mom's juice. Her lips were spread on his face, spreading her slick juice from his chin to his forehead. It almost felt like his face was buried in a juicy watermelon.
"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh my God Tommmmmmmmmyyyyyy!!!" Sue's hips were pushed up in the air and she was almost on her back on the cushion of the chair.
Tommy let his face be used for his mom's pleasure. He pushed his tongue deep into her convulsing hole and the slick walls inside her vagina quivered around it.
Sue's climax went on and on. Each time she thought she was done, Tommy would hit a new spot and bring her to a peak again. She thought she might pass out as her heart pounded and she gasped for breath.
Finally, Sue's body began to relax with little tremors still running through her. Then, she had to push Tommy's face away from her now sensitive sex lips. She had never had a climax as good or one that lasted as long. Her body felt like a limp rag. She was slumped on the chair; both legs still wrapped around Tommy's neck. When she looked at her son kneeling between her legs, there was a silly grin on his face. His face was literally covered with her juice.
"My God, I had forgotten how good it felt to be eaten," Sue gasped when she could talk again. "Tommy, you just gave me the best climax of my life. Thank you... thank you, you were wonderful. I love you so much," Sue said, looking into his eyes lovingly.
Tommy sat back on his haunches, smiling like the cat that ate the canary.
"Come here and let me take care of you," Sue said, pulling Tommy from his kneeling position.
Tommy jumped up and stood next to his mom, bringing his dripping penis close to her mouth.
"God, I love this cock," Sue said to herself as she brought her son's swollen penis to her face. As she held his shaft tight, she could actually feel his wildly beating heart though his penis. When she squeezed she saw a large clear drop of liquid bubble out then run down and across her fingers. She closed her eyes, bringing the head to her mouth. She and Tommy moaned as her lips circled the swollen head. The head filled her mouth as her lips squeezed the shaft. She held it like that, sucking just the head. Her saliva flowed, coating the head in her warm mouth. She almost forgot about Tommy as she lost herself in the excitement of sucking him.
Suddenly remembering that her son was attached to this incredible penis, she pulled away and looked up at him. Then she said in a whisper, "I am going to suck your cock Tommy. Your mom wants to suck all the juice out of your balls. Do you want me to suck you? Do you want your mom to swallow all that delicious sperm? Tell me, tell me you want me to suck you until you squirt into my mouth."
"Yes, yes, please, put it back in your mouth, please suck it," Tommy moaned at his mother's nasty words.
Sue took his penis deep into her warm and wet mouth again, making loud sucking noises, which were intended to let her son know how much she loved sucking him.
Tommy couldn't take much more. He had held off as long as possible. It felt like an explosion in his head as chills went through his body. His body tensed and his hips pushed forward. It almost felt as if it were happening in slow motion when his penis throbbed and a huge load of cum began traveling up the long shaft. He could feel it rushing to be released.
Sue was prepared for it this time. She moved his thrusting shaft back slightly so she could take the first strong squirts into her mouth and not her throat. Suddenly, her son began to spew like a fire hose, filling her mouth over and over with his thick sperm. Sue swallowed each shot and sucked for more, her hand pumping up and down rapidly.
Incredibly, the thrill of her son's sperm squirting into her mouth excited her again. Sue felt her sex lips quiver and another little climax shook her.
Eventually, the flow slowed and then stopped. Sue continued to suck hard, trying to get the last few precious drops.
Finally, Tommy pulled away and staggered over to the sofa and fell, gasping for breath. He saw his mother still on her knees, smiling at him. There was not a drop of his cum on her face anywhere. She had swallowed it all.
It was a night that both mother and son would remember forever.
Chapter 11
Over the next few weeks, Sue and Tommy continued their liaisons. There was no longer any hesitation on Sue's part. Somehow, she had rationalized that since they were not actually having "sex" it was okay. However, she knew in her heart that there was no difference.
Sue continued to teach Tommy what a woman liked and what a woman needed. It was part of her rationalization. She could make him a better lover for his wife someday. She showed him how to caress and suck her breasts. She pointed out her sensitive spots, all the places that most men miss. Little places like behind the knee or the crook of her arm. She taught him that sometimes women like it a little rough but most of the time they wanted a tender and considerate lover.
While some of it was confusing to Tommy, he was a very willing pupil. He was anxious to learn everything there was to know about what turned his mom on. He would refuse her nothing as he was now desperately in love with her.
Sue wasn't blind and could see the love in his eyes. It was also obvious that he wanted to go all the way with her. In her mind, that was still out of bounds. However, she knew that she was only deluding herself and that they were far beyond the boundaries with their relationship.
A few weeks after they began their oral exploration, Sue and Tommy had one of their evening dates. They decided to stay home and relax. Sue had had a very difficult week at work when several important people resigned. She had been upset and tense all week, deferring any sexual activity until the end of the week
Tommy had been understanding and patient but he was mad with desire by the time the week ended. He had a plan tonight. This was the night, he thought. He couldn't wait any longer.
Tommy got things ready while Sue took a bath. He had set up a game of Scrabble on the floor and put a bottle of Sue's favorite wine on ice. He was sitting on the floor when Sue came down. He saw that she had decided not to get dressed, preferring to wear a long soft terry cloth robe to cover her otherwise naked body. Her hair was still damp from the shower as she walked into the room.
As Tommy looked at his mother, his heart skipped a beat. It was as if he were seeing her for the first time. For some reason, she looked incredibly beautiful tonight with no make up or sexy clothes on and her hair still wet from the shower.
Sue was still tired and tense but she was looking forward to their quiet evening.
It was a very dangerous environment for a woman that had refused to consummate her incestuous relationship with her son.
She and Tommy played several games of Scrabble as they talked and laughed. Sue felt the tension draining from her. No matter how tough it got outside, she always had Tommy to give her comfort.
As she sat on the floor, she watched her son. He was growing up quickly. Soon he would be a man with children of his own. Sue sighed and pictured Tommy as a father, playing with his kids. She was certain that he would be a good father and husband. Her heart swelled with pride and love.
"Uh... Mom, it's your turn," Tommy said.
"Oh... I'm sorry. I was a million miles away. I think I've had enough for tonight."
"Okay. What about a shoulder massage?"
"That would be wonderful."
Tommy moved the Scrabble board out of the way and got on his knees behind his mother. He placed his strong hands on her shoulder muscles and started to squeeze. "Wow, you are tense."
"Mmmmm. I know. That feels so good sweetie," Sue said relaxing into his strong hands.
"Let me get to the skin," Tommy said, pushing the soft robe down until her shoulders were bare. Even her shoulders are sexy, Tommy thought as his hands went to work on her again.
"Oh Tommy that's wonderful."
Soon Sue felt so relaxed that she felt like she could almost go to sleep. As she swayed slightly back and forth, she felt Tommy's hands move across her shoulders and down toward her chest. She smiled as she felt him gradually move his fingers to the upper swells of her breasts. She leaned back into him and let him have her breasts.
Tommy wasted no time in capturing both breasts in his hands. He looked over her shoulder and watched as he massaged her chest as he had done her shoulders. However, there were no tense muscles there, only warm and pliant flesh.
Sue moaned as he squeezed and massaged her breasts with his experienced fingers. She felt him take the nipples between his fingers and squeeze firmly. Then he pulled them up, lifting her heavy orbs. A little whimper escaped her lips and she moved her chest upward, following his fingers. Sue's nipples were always very sensitive and had a direct line to her groin. She squeezed her legs together as little shock waves rushed down her body.
After a few minutes, Tommy got up and turned off all but one soft light. Then he brought some pillows down from the sofa. He put his arm around his mom and pulled her down to lay with him. Her still uncovered breasts pressed to his chest as he pulled her close. At the perfect time, Tommy turned to his mom and brought his lips to hers. It was the first of many passionate kisses.
The body heat of the two began to climb rapidly as their kisses grew in intensity. It seemed so natural when Tommy opened the belt on her robe and pushed it down to reveal the soft curves of her body. Tommy stared in wonder. It seemed that each time he saw her naked, she looked more beautiful.
Tommy began to pull all of his mother's sexual strings. She had taught him well, leaving her no defenses. He kissed her lips softly, moving up her neck and bringing chills to her warm body. Then his tongue touched her ear, circling it and leaving a wet trail behind.
"I love you Mom," Tommy whispered then began to kiss back down her neck. Moving slowly down, his tongue following the contours of her body until he reached the swells of her breasts. He placed gentle kisses across the smooth surface until he reached the nipple and then sucked one and then the other into his mouth. He used his fingers to tweak one nipple as his tongue licked the other.
Sue was a moaning mass of quivering flesh by the time Tommy got to the soft skin of her belly.
Tommy knelt between her legs and lifted them onto his shoulders. He slowly bent to her center, kissing her soft and quivering thighs as he went. He teased her, denying her his mouth to the place she wanted it most. Up and down her legs he moved, even taking her toes into his mouth and sucking them. He knew that he was teasing his mother to the brink of her endurance.
Finally, he spread her legs as wide as possible and paused, looking down at her pulsing sex. He could tell that she had just shaved herself. Her pubic mound was smooth and soft. Tommy's mouth practically drooled. With a little whine, he bent his head to her center.
"Oh Jesus Tommy, oh God, oh God," Sue moaned as she felt his tongue move up and down the smooth outer lips. He even pushed his tongue into the crease on each side, licking the sensitive flesh. His tongue worked around her swollen lips, barely touching them.
Tommy pulled back and smiled at his mother. He saw her eyes hooded over in denied pleasure. He reached down and gently opened her lips, exposing the now throbbing clit. He lowered his head and blew warm air on the little nub, watching it quiver with need.
"Oh God Tommy, please," Sue begged.
Tommy didn't answer. Instead, he pushed her legs up to her chest, exposing her entire groin to him. He could see her tiny rear hole almost winking at him. His mom had never taught him anything about that place. Suddenly, he felt the need to kiss it. His head bent quickly, before she could stop him and kissed the little hole, feeling it pulse under his lips.
"Oh my God Tommy," Sue almost screamed as she felt his tongue on her back passage, tickling her. "Tommy, Tommy, what are you doing?" she gasped.
If Tommy even heard her, he paid no attention. His tongue licked around the hole, teasing the sensitive skin and felt it quiver. Then suddenly, he pushed it inside.
"Tommmmmmmmmmy!!!!" Sue's hips bucked up into Tommy's mouth as his tongue stretched her back passage. She had never felt anything like it. It was so nasty but oh so exciting. "Oh God, oh God, oh God."
Tommy was proud of himself. He had found something his mother hadn't taught him. His penis throbbed almost painfully in his shorts as he moved his tongue in and out of her rear hole. His saliva drooled down and around his mother's stretched hole. Tommy found that he loved the feel of her little hole and promised to come back there at a later time. However, right now he had other plans.
When Tommy had his mother totally mad with passion and desperate for him to do something to her, he bent over her and whispered. "Mom, can I just touch your pussy with my cock?"
"Oh Tommy, I... I... oh God, please, oh I don't know. I can't think," she responded, almost incoherent.
Tommy took that as a yes and quickly stripped his clothes off. He stood for a moment over his mother, letting her see his excitement. His penis was dripping juice and the shaft was bouncing up and down with his rapid heartbeat. He wrapped his hand around it and slowly moved his fist across the length of it. His other hand cupped his balls, almost offering them to her.
"Oh Tommy!" his mother moaned as she watched his wanton display.
Tommy moved to kneel between his mother's legs before she could protest. Leaning forward on one hand, he used the other to push the swollen head of his penis down to touch his mother's dripping sex lips. Next, he gently mixed his own leaking juice with his mother's, moving the head in a circular motion. Then he moved it up and down between the lips, teasing both his sensitive head and her swollen lips. When he felt the head touch her swollen clit, he paused, circling the soft skin of his penis head on her center of pleasure.
"Ahhhhhh!!!" Sue moaned.
Then Tommy slowly slid his penis down and almost imperceptibly inserted the head between her lips.
"Oh Tommy, no," Sue said, placing her hands on his hips to prevent him from moving further in. She was gasping for breath, her arms shaking from excitement as she tried weakly to hold him back with the last vestiges of control.
Neither his mother's tone of voice nor her hands seemed to be forceful enough to invoke the "stop" rule. Tommy reasoned that she had not actually used the word "stop," so he continued moving forward, ever so slowly. He looked down to the point where their bodies met and saw that the head was now completely inside his mother's body. Her beautiful smooth lips were stretched around his shaft. He felt the head expand and throb inside of her. In reaction, his mom's hole quivered and squeezed him tight.
Sue was moaning and moving her head back and forth slowly, as if to say "no", but no words came from her mouth. Her hands, which had been holding him back, seemed to be easing the pressure on his hips.
Tommy took a risk and pushed slightly forward, inserting another inch into her. Suddenly, Tommy felt like he was going to cum and spoil everything. He needed to concentrate on something else, as his mother had taught him, until the desire to climax lessened. He used his hand to squeeze hard at the base of his penis and then he held very still for a while, thinking about football, baseball, anything but sex. When the threat passed, he pushed a little harder, forcing another inch into his mother. He could feel the warm confines of his mother's vagina caressing and massaging him like a soft, wet glove.
Sue opened her eyes and looked into Tommy's. There was an electrical charge running between them, starting at their joined parts and moving up their bodies.
In his mother's burning eyes, he could see an incredible look of love. In that instant he knew how love and sex fit together.
It was impossible for Sue to hold her eyes open for long as ripples of pleasure rushed through her. "No, no, no, no," she whispered but made no move to stop her son.
Tommy removed his hand from the base of his penis and placed it on the other side of his almost delirious mother. He was now supporting himself on his hands and toes; the only connection between the two was their sexual parts. His penis was now several inches inside her. Nothing they had done had ever prepared him for the feeling of her soft insides. It was tight, warm and wet. He could feel his mother's insides quivering; the soft folds of skin rippling up and down his shaft.
When Tommy didn't move to enter her further, Sue opened her eyes. She saw Tommy still staring back down at her. The only sounds in the room were from the clock on the wall and their pounding hearts. Sue knew that this was the moment. There would be no going back; if she didn't stop him now, she could never deny him again. They would become real lovers--mother and son.
Sue's vagina gave an involuntary squeeze around her son's penis. She tried to control the desire to thrust her hips up at him. Still, her hips began to make little movements, almost quivering.
Tommy waited. He wanted his mom to accept him into her body. He never wanted her to look back and think that he had forced himself on her. The moments ticked by, mother and son, eye to eye, their bodies connected at one strategic point.
"Oh Tommy, please," Sue begged in a whisper, her eyes almost rolling back in her head.
"Please what?" Tommy asked, wanting to hear her say it.
"Please, please," Sue begged again, her mind in an emotional turmoil. She knew what he wanted but she didn't want to say it. It was wrong, so wrong.
Tommy took another risk and pulled his penis partially out, like he was going to remove it completely. Sue immediately grabbed his hips and held him still, his penis only just inside her body.
"What do you want Mom?" Tommy asked, again forcing her to make a decision.
"I... I... oh God Tommy! I want... oh Jesus... I want you to FUCK ME!" she finally said.
"Are you sure?" Tommy asked, knowing that he couldn't stop now even if she said no.
"Oh yes! Please FUCK ME!"
Tommy smiled, he had won this emotional battle, and now he could claim the prize. He slowly forced his weight down, pushing himself inch by inch into his mother's body. He heard her moan as he slid deep into her until his balls touched the soft skin of her buttocks. His body pressed down on her, feeling her burning body against his.
Sue's hips began to buck up in spasm as her arms went around her son's neck. Her mouth went to his shoulder and she bit down, cutting off a scream of pleasure. It had been so long since she had felt a man inside her. However, this wasn't just any man. This was her son. She was fucking her own son! her mind screamed.
Tommy was fighting for control and again had to call on all his strength to hold back his climax. He had never felt anything so wonderful. His mother's warm hole caressed the length of him like a velvet glove.
He held himself deep as he looked at her beautiful face. Then he brought his lips to hers in an emotional kiss. His tongue went deep into her mouth as his shaft had gone deep into her welcoming hole. He could feel her soft breasts pressing into his chest, heaving with her labored breathing. Their bodies were connected from top to bottom.
He pulled his lips from hers and said, "I am going to fuck you now, Mom. I have my cock deep in your beautiful body. I am going to fuck you until you cum over and over. I want to feel that tight pussy squeezing my cock like a vise, squeezing all the cum out of me. Are you ready, are you ready for me to fuck you?"
"Yes, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me hard. I need it! I need your cock deep in me! Fuck me! Make me cum all over that wonderful cock of yours!" All of Sue's control was gone. She was lost in sexual delirium.
That's what Tommy was waiting to hear. He pulled back slowly, hesitating for just a second, and then he rapidly plunged into her.
Sue screamed; she felt like her mind had lost all control of her body. She was rapidly spiraling into a climax. She was fucking her son; they were now real lovers. The wet slapping sounds echoed in the quiet room.
From somewhere, Tommy found new staying power and used it to drive his mother crazy with desire. He was like a machine, his hips moving up and down in a blur. Time and again, he plunged deep into her, spattering her juice over his balls and thighs. His balls were now making a loud slapping sound as they hit the cheeks of her buttocks.
Sue looked up at her son just before she lost all control and said, "Oh God, I love you." Then she closed her eyes and her body trembled. Suddenly, fire works started to go off in her head. She barely heard Tommy's words of love as a climax roared through her, sending her into convulsions of pleasure.
"I love you," Tommy responded with his last breath before he reached his peak and began to release everything he had into his mother. Squirt after squirt poured from him and into her, filling the tight hole to overflow. He could feel his mother's body tense as wave after wave of ecstasy took her to a place she had never been before. Her legs locked around his back holding him a prisoner deep within her body. His life giving sperm continued to surge into the depths of her womb.
Finally, Tommy collapsed onto his mother and then rolled to the side, his shrunken penis slipping out, trailing sperm across her thigh. He pulled his now limp mother over to him. When he kissed her cheek and she didn't respond, he realized that she had lost consciousness.
Some time later, Sue stirred. "Oh God," she sighed.
Tommy heard her words and worried that she was sorry about what had happened.
Sue pulled away and got to her feet. She stood above her lover and her son, looking down with undisguised love.
Tommy looked back, reading her thoughts. He could see that she was not upset.
How could this be so wrong? she thought.
Tommy eyes traveled down his mother's gorgeous body. They stopped when he saw something in the soft room light that caused his penis to stir anew. His sperm had begun to drip out of her saturated hole and run down her thigh.
Sue did nothing to stop it, she loved the feeling; it was the evidence of their love pouring from her satisfied body. Sue smiled down at Tommy then held out her hand. She led him upstairs to her bed.
By the time they got to the bedroom, Tommy was hard again. Sue lay back on the bed and opened her arms and legs to her son. Effortlessly his penis slid into her saturated hole and his hips began to move again.
The rest of the night was a blur of sexual frenzy. Tommy's youth wore his mother out. He took her three more times that night, bringing her to the brink of exhaustion and ultimate satisfaction.
Chapter 12
When Tommy awoke the following morning, the bed beside him was empty. He looked at the clock and saw that it was ten AM. He crawled out of bed and found a pair of shorts to put on and then went downstairs. As he walked into the kitchen, he saw his mother standing at the stove fixing breakfast with a spatula in her hand and looking out the window. The light from the window silhouetted her body under the thin housedress. Tommy stood and admired his mother's form, feeling excitement begin to grow.
Sue's mind was awash in turmoil again. There was no doubt that she loved her son like a man. In truth, she had no regrets about what had happened. However, she knew that it was going to be difficult for them. The future was very uncertain. Where would they go from here? How would they keep their relationship secret? What if somebody found out? It was all so complicated.
Tommy walked up behind his mother and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her neck and squeezing her tight.
Sue reached up and touched Tommy's arms lovingly then bent and kissed the back of his hand. A wave of love overcame her as tears began to fall.
Tommy heard his mother sniffle and turned her around. "What's wrong, Mom?"
"Nothing," she said, smiling through her tears. "I love you."
Their lips came together in a tender kiss. Slowly as their tongues dueled, the passion grew. When Tommy pulled back, there was a fire in his eyes again. He stared into his mother's eyes and brought his hands to her housedress. Suddenly, with a mighty tug, Tommy ripped the front of the dress down the middle, shooting buttons all over the kitchen.
Sue screamed in surprise.
Tommy pushed the ruined dress off his mother's shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Then he pulled her over to the kitchen table and pushed her back until she was sitting on it. He pulled up a chair and sat between her legs.
"Oh God Tommy, what are you doing?" Sue gasped but didn't fight him when he pushed her to her back.
"Having breakfast," Tommy answered as his mouth covered her vagina. He ate her like a madman. His lips and tongue were everywhere he could reach. He ignored his mother's cries of pleasure as she climaxed over and over. Finally, when his jaw tired, he pushed her legs into the air and entered her.
"Ahhhhhh!!!" she screamed as his long shaft went to the bottom of her still saturated hole in one thrust.
As he pounded into his mother, the table squeaked and moved across the floor, threatening to collapse. After having so many climaxes last night, Tommy knew that he could go on for a long time. Which he did, bringing her to climax after climax.
Just when Sue thought he was done and would climax, he picked her up and held her to his groin like a doll. She held on tight to his neck as he walked her around the room, continuously moving in and out of her. He took her on the sink, the counter, against the refrigerator and eventually on the floor. They knocked over chairs and rattled china in the cabinets.
Sue was almost relieved when he said he was going to cum. Her poor body could barely take any more. When he cried out that he was going to cum, she pulled him tight to her, her legs wrapping around his waist and let him climax into her body once more.
Sue couldn't deny it any longer. She was in love with her own son. There was no going back so she decided that the future would take care of itself. Through all of the uncertainty there was one thing for sure, their love. It would see them through.
Chapter 13
The sexual relationship between Sue and Tommy continued and even accelerated over the next several months. Tommy was almost insatiable. It was as if he were trying to make up for the high school years. The two of them had had sex almost everywhere possible, and in every position. However, there was one thing that they hadn't done, but Tommy was afraid to ask.
On Tommy's nineteenth birthday, Sue wanted to do something special for him. She prepared his favorite meal and had them both dress for dinner. Tommy complained about having to put on a suit but as usual did what his mother asked.
When dinner was over and the dishes left on the table, Sue and Tommy went into the living room. Sue put on some slow music and took Tommy into her arms.
As they danced, Tommy caressed his mother's buttocks through her satin dress. Tommy loved the way she looked in this dress. It emphasized her ass to perfection. It was skin tight and short, with a split all the way up to her hip. He knew that she wasn't wearing panties because they would be visible. Besides, she rarely wore underwear anymore. It only got in the way of their frequent bouts of sex.
Sue kissed her son's neck and let him caress her buttocks. Then she whispered into his ear, "You like my ass don't you?"
"God yes," he responded, squeezing her firm but soft cheeks for emphasis.
"Do you want it?"
Tommy pulled back from his mother with a questioning look on his face. "What?" He could see that his mother's eyes were burning with lust.
"I'm a virgin back there."
It took Tommy a second to realize what she was saying. "You mean... you mean fuck you there?" he asked incredulously.
"Yes! I want to give my ass to you. It's my special present for your birthday. Of course if you don't want to..."
"No... I mean yes... oh God Mom, are you serious?"
Sue kissed Tommy's lips then took his hand. She led him up the stairs and into their bedroom. She let Tommy sit on the bed then turned around for him to unzip her dress.
Tommy's hands were shaking as he slowly lowered the zipper. He could see his mother's smooth back as the dress opened. The zipper went all the way to the top of her buttocks.
Sue shrugged the dress off, letting it fall to her feet, leaving her naked but for a pair of high heels and silk thigh high nylons. She stood with her back to him, letting him see her naked form. Then she looked over her shoulder and smiled, saying, "Do you want to fuck me in the ass?" She leaned slightly forward and reached back, spreading her cheeks.
"Oh God," was all Tommy could say as he saw his mother spread her buttocks obscenely in front of him.
"Get your clothes off," she said and turned around to help him strip. Soon, they were lying on the bed naked and in an embrace.
Sue turned over on her back and grabbed a couple of pillows, putting them under her buttocks. When she was situated on her back with her thighs spread, she motioned to Tommy to get between her legs.
Tommy hurried to comply. When he was kneeling between her raised thighs she looked into his eyes and said, "Put your cock in my pussy first and get it wet. Then fuck my ass."
Tommy almost climaxed right then. With shaking hands, he fitted his penis between his mother's wet lips. A moan escaped both of them as he pushed into her. Her tight hole felt so good that he couldn't imagine anything better.
After Tommy had thrust into her a few times, Sue pushed him back. Then she placed her legs on his shoulders and lifted up until her rear hole was exposed. Her hands were trembling as she reached down and pulled her cheeks apart. "Put it in," she hissed excitedly.
Tommy's aimed the large head of his penis at her tiny brown hole. He couldn't imagine how it could fit into such a small place. Slowly he pushed forward. He heard his mother groan and he stopped to look at her face.
Her eyes were closed tight but she said, "Go ahead."
With his hands on her thighs, Tommy pulled her toward him and pushed at the same time. "Ahhhh!" he groaned as the head of his penis slipped inside his mother's tight little hole. The ring snapped shut, squeezing the head in a vise.
"Wait, wait," Sue breathed, letting her rear passage get used to the large head. After a few excruciating seconds for Tommy, she said, "Okay, fuck me."
Tommy pushed again and watched in amazement as his rod disappeared into his mother's body. Inch by inch it moved until his entire penis was surrounded by her warm insides. The feeling was incredible. It was soft, hot and tight like her vagina but different. It squeezed every inch of his shaft, from the base to the tip.
"Fuck meeeee!" Sue pleaded.
Almost reluctantly, Tommy began to move, pulling his penis almost all the way out before pushing back in. "Oh God," he moaned as her smooth hole sucked him inside. Tommy began to move faster.
"That's it, that's it, fuck me lover. Fuck your mother's asssssss!" Sue screamed as she built toward a climax. She reached down and began to rub her clit. "Oh God baby, I'm going to cum. Oh yes, oh yes," she hissed as her hole tightened around Tommy's shaft.
"Oh Jesus Mom," Tommy moaned as he felt her body began to convulse. "I'm going to cum too," he moaned. He pushed into her hole as deeply as possible and froze.
Sue felt his penis quiver inside her ass. She was amazed that she could actually feel him begin to cum. That intensified her building climax.
Both of them screamed in pleasure as Tommy filled his mother's rear hole with his seed.
Chapter 14
Two years later...
The next two years were the happiest time in Sue's life. Her job was great, her lover and son was even better. They were truly friends and lovers. Their relationship had progressed to the point where Tommy had moved into his mother's bedroom but kept clothes in a spare room for show. They slept every night together and their sexual relationship had become even more intense. It was hard to tell whose desire was greatest. Tommy was still insatiable but Sue kept up with him.
Tommy was doing well in school and had decided to major in engineering. He was a taller, stronger, and even more handsome young man now. His experiences with his mom had made him much more mature then other boys his age.
There was only one problem with their happy life and Sue wanted to correct that. However, she wasn't sure how to approach it. She had been thinking about it for months and had finally gotten up enough nerve to bring it out in the open.
Tommy sensed that it was going to be a special night tonight. He and his mom were going to a show and then back home for dinner. That wasn't unusual. However, he could see a light in his mother's eyes and that always meant something special was going to happen.
As usual, Tommy was waiting downstairs for his mom. When she came down, she was wearing a tight black evening dress that was short on her thighs and very low cut. She had a string of pearls around her neck that Tommy had given her last week for her 39th birthday.
"Sorry I'm late sweetie," she smiled as she passed.
Tommy grabbed her arm and turned her back to him. He leaned to her ear, as if someone could hear, and whispered, "Mom, would you take your panties off for me?"
She looked at him in surprise but quickly reached up under her dress and stripped her panties down her legs and over her high heels. Smiling at her son, she handed them to him. She watched in amusement as he folded the panties and placed them in his vest pocket, and then fluffed them up.
"Thanks Mom, now my outfit is complete." Tommy smiled devilishly.
"You never cease to amaze me lover," Sue said, kissing his cheek.
The play was entertaining and went by fast. However, Tommy noticed that his mother seemed anxious about something. She was fidgeting in her seat. He thought it might be excitement about the night ahead. After all, she had put off sex with him for a week, saying that it was her "time of the month." Tommy didn't understand that because he thought she had just had her period a few weeks ago. However, he shrugged it off. What do guys know about that stuff, he thought.
Sue had prepared everything in advance. The dining room table was set, with candles on the table, wine chilled, and the food ready to be heated and served. They remained dressed for the dinner.
"Mom, dinner was perfect. Thank you," Tommy said sincerely, lifting his glass of wine for a toast.
Sue brought her glass to his. "You're welcome Tommy," Sue said, looking nervous, like she had something to say.
"What's wrong Mom?" Tommy asked concerned.
"Tommy, I have something to ask you. I am not sure how to say this." Sue hesitated for a minute then continued. "You know that I've always wanted more children."
"I know Mom. I feel bad about that."
"I'm 39 and my biological clock is ticking away. We've made a commitment to each other so there isn't likely to be another man in my life or a woman in yours. I had hoped that I would eventually meet someone and marry again so that I could have the children that I always wanted. The problem is, I fell in love with my own son and I don't want anyone else."
"I know how you feel." The thought had crossed Tommy's mind as well. However, he was looking at it more from his perspective because he wanted children as well but he couldn't imagine anyone else in his life either. They were stuck in a paradox and there seemed to be no solution.
"I know that I'm not saying this right so let me give you this and then maybe you will understand," Sue said, handing him a wrapped package.
Tommy took the package with a look of confusion on his face. The package was small, about the size of a music CD. With trembling hands, Tommy opened it up, having no idea what to expect. When he had opened the package, he held the contents in his hand curiously. He had a totally dumbfounded expression on his face. He looked up at his mother and shrugged his shoulders in confusion.
Sue didn't say a word. She just waited.
Tommy looked at what he held in his hand. It was a circular package of pills. There were 30 spaces for pills, indicating that one should be taken each day. However, all were gone except the last seven pills. Suddenly, Tommy looked at his mom with a startled expression on his face. "Uh... what... you..." Tommy stuttered, his mouth hanging open.
Sue reached across the table and took his hand. "Yes Tommy, they are my birth control pills and yes, I haven't taken them for the past seven days. That's why I've haven't let you have me all week."
"But, I, I don't understand. You can't be thinking that we..."
"Let me try to explain," Sue interrupted. "I've done a lot of research over the past six months and have found that the rate of problems for children born of an incestuous relationship is really very small," she said pausing to let Tommy absorb what she was saying.
"My God Mom, are you serious?" Tommy asked. He couldn't believe what his mother was asking him.
"Yes."
"Oh my God... you... you want a baby and you want me to be the father?"
"Yes Tommy, I want you to make me pregnant. I want to have your child," Sue said and paused for a long moment. "Tommy, before you answer, you have to know that this is a difficult thing for us. There are all kinds of potential problems. Even though we don't have family who live nearby, that is still a concern. In addition, there is my job and your college. There are all kinds of questions that I don't have answers for. However, I'm willing to take the risks. But, it's up to you. If you don't want this, you can just hand the pills back to me. If you want me to have your child, throw the pills in the trash can."
Tommy practically leaped from his chair and tossed the pills in the trashcan. He hurried back to the table and pulled his mother to her feet. She now had tears streaming down her cheeks. Mother and son kissed tenderly, holding each other tight.
Suddenly, Tommy pulled away from his mom and went down to one knee.
"Mom, I know this is silly and that we can never really be married but my love and commitment to you is as strong as any marriage has ever been. I would love to father your child," Tommy said, tears streaming down his cheeks.
Sue pulled her son to his feet and looked into his eyes. "Oh God Tommy, are you sure you know what you're saying?"
"Mom, I love you more than I thought I could ever love anyone. You are everything to me and I would do anything for you. I want this. I want you to have my baby."
Mother and son brought their lips together in the sweetest kiss they had ever had.
Tommy picked his mother up in his arms and silently carried her to their bed. He laid her down and quickly stripped and then he crawled onto the bed next to her. Kissing her lips, he slowly slipped the straps of her dress down her arms until her breasts were bare. He worked his lips down her neck to her heaving chest. He sucked one nipple and then the other into his mouth, bringing a moan from his mother. Then he turned until his head was between her legs and his penis was close to her mouth. He heard his mother moan as she took him in her mouth. His lips covered her hole and he began to suck. They worked each other to a fervor before stopping to strip Sue's clothes off.
Tommy pushed his mother back on the bed, took a pillow, and placed it under her hips. He knew that this would get the deepest penetration. He knelt between her legs, his hard penis pulsing above his mom's waiting hole. Their eyes locked together.
"Tell me Mom, tell me what you want," Tommy said holding his swollen head near her equally excited hole.
"Please Tommy, fuck your mother. I want that big cock deep in my fertile pussy. I want you to give your mother a baby! Fuck me, please," Sue whined as she reached down and spread her juicy lips. "Look at how ready I am for you. Can you see the juice running out of me? I want your potent sperm running out of my pussy all night."
"Oh God Mom," Tommy moaned, excited by her nasty words.
Tommy brought his penis to her wet and open hole. Slowly he placed the head into the entrance. Both mother and son moaned as he slid deeply into her. The sensation felt so much greater because of what they were going to do; he was going to make his own mother pregnant. It was the greatest taboo of all.
Sue felt Tommy begin to move in and out of her in a slow, steady motion, taking his time, building the heat and excitement. She wrapped her legs around her son and pushed into him. When he touched bottom it brought another moan from both of them.
"Fuck me, fuck me hard. I need it so bad, please fuck me," Sue gasped.
Tommy began to pound into his mother like never before. Sweat began to drip off of him as he worked his penis rapidly in and out of her. He could feel his her juice splashing all over his balls, dripping down to the sheets. The pounding went on and on. Neither one of them could get enough of the other.
"I'm getting close Mom. Can I cum in you?"
"Yes, yes, I'm close, keep fucking me. Oh God, oh God, I'm cummmmiiiiinnnngggg," Sue screamed pushing her hips up to meet her son.
"Here it comes Mom, here it comes, take it, take all my cum," Tommy responded, feeling the force of his load traveling down the shaft and into his mother's body. Shot after shot of potent sperm flowed from Tommy into his mother. Both were moaning and shaking as their mutual climax flowed from one body to the other.
Finally, Tommy collapsed in exhaustion on top of his mother. Their lips met in a final kiss as they fell off to sleep. Inside his mother, Tommy's sperm was beginning the journey that would change their lives forever.
They had finally crossed the line.
THE END
