Author's note:
All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of eighteen years.
This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the intent of impregnation. It does not include anal.
It felt good to be back in my room. After my first year of attending a university, I was back home for the summer. My name is Sam, and I live with my mom Melissa. My dad died more than a dozen years ago. Last year Mom bought the house we're now living in, located forty miles from where we used to live. We moved here right after my eighteenth birthday.
The large house was more than we required, but it was the best value for the location. I picked one of the bedrooms on the upper floor. We turned the other bedroom on the floor, which shared a bathroom with mine, into a study. Mom's master suite was at the end of a long hallway off the dining room, and the living room overlooked the back of the property. Large windows face the gardens in the backyard, providing a peaceful and quiet atmosphere. A couple of other bedrooms, located along the hallway to Mom's master suite, were turned into hobby rooms.
Her sister, Rachel, convinced Mom to move here to be closer to her. She divorced her husband three years ago and longed for her sister's companionship. My aunt finally convinced Mom to relocate. Mom wasted no time moving here as soon as I graduated. Neither have regretted it and have been inseparable. They have shown no interest in men, preferring to spend their time together.
Physically similar, they would have no trouble attracting men if they desired. They are brunettes, although my aunt dyed her hair blonde last year. Both have their hair cut short, which frames their beautiful faces perfectly. Mom's large, deep brown eyes make you feel better immediately when she looks at you. She has long, toned, firm legs, proudly showing them off when wearing short skirts. Her breasts aren't huge but large enough to sexily push out her tight blouses.
Aunt Rachel's deep green eyes accent her blonde hair. I thought she was sexy before changing, but her new hair color made her look even better. At twenty-six, she's eleven years younger than Mom. Her breasts appear bigger than Mom's, and her luscious legs look similar.
My mood has always been at its best when I'm around either of them. We have a large garden at our new house, and the three of us worked together, keeping it maintained. We usually treated ourselves to dinner or a movie after a day of hard work. My aunt lived a few blocks away and routinely walked over to visit us.
Rachel never mentioned her ex-husband, but she did obtain the house and a substantial amount of money after the divorce. Mom told me it was due to a dispute concerning children but wouldn't divulge whether my aunt wanted offspring or he did. Without hearing the true story, but knowing him, I suspected he had an affair.
Our time together the last few years has really bonded Mom and me, working and playing together. Mom rented an apartment for me at the university, thinking it would be more comfortable than living in a dorm. I figured it was an incentive to keep me at school, allowing her to develop a relationship. Coming home once a month would give Mom plenty of freedom, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't dating. After three months, Mom pleaded with me to come home every weekend because she and my aunt missed my company. Gladly accepting her proposal, I changed my schedule according to Mom's wishes.
My time with Mom and my aunt increased my sexual frustration. When I arrived back at school on Sunday night, I'd call up one of the girls I cycled through. They didn't know why they received such a good fucking each time I returned, and I wasn't honest enough to tell them I was fantasizing they were my mother. I picked girls that looked similar to Mom or Aunt Rachel, avoiding an emotional attachment to any of them. They made it clear they were with me for the sex and didn't want to get tied down to anyone during school, so I didn't mind using them to stave off my incestuous lust.
Mom and Rachel remained close, neither dating. They devoted their full attention to me when I came home for the weekends, and I looked forward to being with them through the summer. Jealous men stared at us when we'd go out on the town. My aunt dressed less conservative, although, much to my dismay, neither would go braless.
Eating out was especially hard as I would sit by Mom with Rachel across from us. She wore a bra, but her dresses showed a lot of cleavage from her full, meaty breasts. She often caught me staring at her chest through dinner, not saying anything to my mother. She would go back to talking to Mom, smiling while acknowledging the admiration of her sexy wares.
*****
Mom interrupted my daydreaming, calling me for dinner. She had prepared one of my favorite meals to celebrate my homecoming. While we sat across from each other, I found myself longingly staring at her beauty. She even asked me a couple of times whether I didn't like my food since I wasn't eating much. It was hard to break away to eat, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings in her attempt to please me. Her eyes were magnets, deep brown and beautiful, a window to her soul.
After finishing, we retired to the living room to discuss our gardening plans. It was the time of year we'd have to do a lot of work to get them in shape for summer. She told me Rachel was anxious to come over and help, which wouldn't help subdue my aroused state. Unfortunately, I would have to seek a seasonal job to help pay for my escalating education costs. Summer employment would severely limit the time that I could spend with my two favorite ladies.
I was tired after the long trip and went to bed early, putting off job hunting until morning. I fell asleep fast, thinking of past images of Mom and my aunt. I woke up earlier than usual and went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom had a daily newspaper delivered, and whenever I was home, we'd share it while eating breakfast. I retrieved it and started to read while waiting for Mom's arrival.
*****
Mom's door creaked open, and I heard her faint footsteps patter down the hall. She lightly kissed me on the back of my neck. "Good morning, Sam. You're up early." I could smell her natural scent while her lips burned my flesh.
"Yes, I am. I slept well and wanted to start looking for a job," I replied while watching my mother walk around me to the counter. My gaze froze when I saw her blue nightie, barely covering her full, firm ass. It wasn't a see-through, but it clung to her tight enough, making it obvious she was nude underneath.
While she filled the coffee machine, my eyes locked onto her long, bare legs. It wasn't the first time I'd seen them, but they still excited me when displayed. When she finished and turned, I quickly looked down at the paper, disguising the fact I was leering. While she walked by me to go back to her room, my eyes lustfully followed her sexy body.
After a few minutes, she returned in a robe to prepare breakfast. She must come out to the kitchen each morning right after awakening and start the coffee machine before returning to her room to change. I had gotten up early before, and she always wore her robe. I wondered if she had changed her routine when I started college.
I made a mental note not to allow sleep to interfere with my early morning delight. Hopefully, Mom wouldn't revert to wearing her robe before coming out to start up the coffee in the future.
We talked while she cooked. After we ate and finished reading the paper, I helped her clean up. When done, she asked, "What are you going to do today while I'm at work?"
"Mostly looking for a job, but I'll find some time to work in the garden, too. I want to contribute more to my college expenses. It's not fair that you're bearing most of the burden."
She smiled and replied, "I don't mind. You help out here so much that I'm getting my money's worth. If you find a job, promise me it's one you'll enjoy. I don't want you picking one just for the money."
"Thanks, Mom."
She hugged me, wished me luck, and left to get dressed to go to work. Retreating to my room, I surfed for job leads. A few minutes later, I heard Mom's car pull out. I looked out my window and watched her drive away. As soon as her car disappeared, I was in bed, stroking my rock-hard cock, reliving the sight of her nightie-clad body. I didn't last long, coating my stomach with globs of hot cum.
I didn't have much luck finding a job, so I decided to take a break and go out. I stopped at the grocery store and picked up some items Mom had written on a list on the table. When I arrived home, Mom was already there. She greeted me with a hug, and I asked her if anything was wrong. She smiled and said, "I took off early to spend more time with you before you start a job. Unless you don't want me to."
"That sounds great, Mom," I replied. "It'll be fun hanging out together."
We walked around the garden, discussing what to do for the next few days. While we ate dinner later that night, I told her I wasn't having any luck finding a job. She looked disappointed before grinning and saying, "You never know; maybe something will come up."
Soon after, I retired to the living room to watch TV while Mom went to her room. She left the door open, and I could hear her talking on the phone, probably catching up with a friend. Their conversation was too faint to comprehend the content, but I did hear her say goodbye.
She came out and sat by me on the couch, wrapping her arm around me to hug me. I could feel the heat from her body and her breath when she told me she would help me with a job. I turned and looked into those beautiful eyes while she continued to tell me she was talking with her friend Sharon regarding some available work. I remembered Sharon from our old neighborhood. She was Mom's age and was equally hot.
"Sharon has quite a bit of work to do around her house and is willing to pay you good money to help," Mom said.
Sharon was wealthy and would usually give me a twenty when we'd visit her; for my college fund, she'd say. I looked forward to good pay while working around a hot-looking woman.
"Thanks, Mom. That sounds great," I replied.
Mom smiled and kissed me on the cheek before returning to her room to call Sharon. She came out later and informed me I would start the next day. After a few more minutes, I told Mom I was heading to bed to get a good night's sleep. Setting my alarm to get up early, I drifted off fast.
*****
I was up and reading the paper, anxiously awaiting Mom's arrival. She made her appearance at the same time, wearing the same nightie. My plan worked while I leered at her scantily clad body. She repeated her routine, leaving and returning to fix breakfast in her robe. I told Mom I'd probably be late returning home since Sharon's house was an hour away. She hugged me goodbye, wishing me luck with my job. Her sexy, parting smile was enough to arouse my horny prick.
I made it to Sharon's place, and she was still as hot as I remembered. We reviewed the things she wanted to complete, and the list looked short enough that I was sure I could do it in a day, although Mom had told me there was a week's worth of work. After finishing the first item, I realized the main job Sharon wanted to accomplish was to have her pussy filled with a young hard cock. Her seduction plan wasn't complicated, leading me to her bedroom, stripping off her clothes, and begging me to fuck her hard.
She kept me in bed all day, obviously not getting the spousal sexual attention she required. She told me her husband was out of town on a business trip until the end of the week, probably fucking his secretary instead of attending meetings. She wasn't upset about his indiscretions as she was financially comfortable in their relationship. Neither of them desired a divorce and was satisfied with the status quo.
Exhausted from my workout, I arrived home late. Mom asked me how it went, and I told her there was a lot of hard work to do, which would keep me busy for the week. She smiled and told me how happy it made her knowing she was able to help with the arrangement. I went to bed early to get up for Mom's negligee showing.
Each day was a repeat of events starting with Mom in the morning and Sharon taking a sexual pounding during the day, allowing me to live out my incestuous fantasies. Sharon's sexual demands exhausted me so much one day that I blew it and slept past Mom's nightie show. Friday arrived too soon, signaling the end of my work week. I hoped Sharon would extend my time, but she explained she didn't want the neighbors to get suspicious and that she had enough memories to last a while. She thanked me with a day of sex, and I left with a check for five hundred dollars.
Mom had one of my favorite meals ready when I arrived home, and we discussed our weekend plans. We decided on several projects in the garden, and she mentioned that her sister would come over to help. I looked forward to spending a weekend with them. Signing and handing the check to Mom brought out a big smile when I told her to use it to help pay for college expenses.
After breakfast the next day, we worked in the garden. Shortly after we began, my aunt showed up, looking as good as ever. We had never felt comfortable hugging since she was close to my age. Instead, she stroked my arm with her hand in a greeting fashion, smiling wide and causing my groin to tingle. We toiled through the day, broke for lunch, and decided to dine out to celebrate our day of hard work.
Aunt Rachel went home to change while Mom and I picked her up on the way out. They were radiant at dinner, and I couldn't have been happier being out with these two beautiful women. Envious husbands stared at us while we dined. Sleep came easy after a full day of work.
*****
After breakfast, Mom pulled her chair to face mine. She sat down and scooted up closer, intertwining our legs. Her bare leg rubbed against mine under our robes when she leaned forward and stroked my arms. Her smooth, firm knees pressed along my hairy thighs sent electric shocks to my hardening cock.
"I have something important to discuss with you," Mom softly said while smiling. I stroked her arms in the same manner, relaxing both of us. Fortunately, my robe concealed my hard prick resulting from our close contact.
She stared at me as if she were trying to decide how to tell me what she had on her mind. I looked back into those brown eyes and immediately felt at ease.
"I had a long phone conversation with Sharon last night," she started.
My relaxed state dissipated, fearing what Sharon had told Mom.
"Sharon thinks she's pregnant," she divulged, still staring at me.
I could only imagine the panic-stricken look sweeping across my face. I hadn't used protection with Sharon. She pulled me tight each time when I flooded her cunt with cum. I had wrongly assumed she was on some kind of birth control.
"It's your baby, Sam," she continued.
Angst swept through me while my hands squeezed tightly on Mom's arms. What an idiot I had been, forgetting about protection. My mind raced with the implications of getting someone pregnant. Mom could see my discomfort and moved her hands to mine, pulling them away and holding them tight, smiling widely, amused at my predicament.
"Relax, it's okay. Sharon wanted to conceive. She told me how she seduced you and had tricked you into thinking she was protected," Mom quietly said, attempting to calm me. Moving her hands to my arms, she stroked up and down to ease the tension.
Taking a deep breath, I replied, "Wow, Mom. I had no idea. And you're okay with this? Does she want anything from me?"
"She wanted a baby, and her husband couldn't give her one," Mom explained. "She's elated and doesn't want anything from you. You know, it's not uncommon," she said, locking her eyes with mine.
"Not uncommon?"
Explaining further, she stated, "Yes. Wealthy women routinely find a young man to impregnate them when their husband can't or doesn't want to."
"Why don't they go to a fertility clinic and get inseminated," I asked, more relaxed from Mom's gentle caressing.
"They usually prefer the more discreet method. Most of the time, the husband won't allow it, afraid his colleagues might find out and think he is less of a man for it. Sharon asked me to have this talk with you to make sure you're okay. She hated not asking you in advance but feared you'd say no to her," she stated, looking for my reaction.
I smiled and said, "It's fine, Mom. I like Sharon, and I'm glad she's happy now. It was quite a workout last week, though."
"No details, Sam. A mother doesn't want to know those kinds of things," she laughed, breaking the tension.
She pulled back, and we went to change for another day of work in the garden. Aunt Rachel arrived mid-morning to help out. Several times Mom caught me staring at my aunt, bending over and displaying her ample cleavage. My face reddened, realizing I wasn't that sneaky, but Mom only smirked and continued to work. We ate at home, Rachel leaving right after.
After our showers, we relaxed on the couch, watching TV before retiring for the night. Mom draped her arm around me and stroked my upper arm again as she did in the morning. She moved my arm to do the same while we enjoyed the moment, massaging and bonding together. Her skin was smooth and soft. I could have remained there for the rest of the night. I gently squeezed her arm several times after she did it to me.
We were ready to call it a night when she looked over at me and said, "I enjoyed the time we spent together during the weekend. It was fun working and playing together again. I've missed your company more than I thought I would when you were at school."
I replied, "I always enjoy working in the garden with you and Aunt Rachel. It's going to be a bummer having to look for another job tomorrow." I secretly wondered if she had any more hot friends needing help.
As if she read my mind, Mom said, "Sharon told me some of her friends are jealous of her now," her eyes locked with mine. "You know, there is a way you can spend more time with me this summer and still earn money."
Observing my clueless look, she disclosed her plan. "Sharon says her friends would be willing to pay for the same service. It wouldn't take long, and you could spend more time here with Rachel and me."
Now it hit me. Mom wanted me to impregnate Sharon's friends. Trying to hide my excitement, I responded, "Gee, Mom, you want to pimp out your son? That doesn't sound legal."
Squeezing my arm harder, she replied. "Not pimping. It isn't sex. You'd be inseminating desperate women. We would provide a service they need; they're willing to pay well for it."
"Umm, Mom. You do realize sex is part of it, don't you? How about the legality of it? What if they want to come after me for child support or something?"
She explained the process in length. She assured me these women had no intention or desire to establish a relationship with me. They didn't even want to see my face during the process. It wouldn't be lovemaking; it would be a simple infusion of sperm. They required secrecy because they didn't want to involve anyone else. Sharon had a loyal attorney draw an agreement to protect both parties from further action. The women would be people we hadn't met to further cement anonymity.
The plan was well thought out. I wondered how long Mom and Sharon had been working on the details. It was hard to contain my excitement over my new summer job prospect. I replied, "Sure, Mom. I'll do it. Giving me more time to help around here will be nice."
"Great, Sam. I'm taking off work this week to spend more time together," she informed me, returning to the smooth-stroking on my upper arm.
*****
Sleep once again came easy, dreaming of my new summer job. Awakening early, I waited for Mom to show up for breakfast. She was late. I feared she'd sleep in since she took the week off. I was ready to return to my room when I heard her door open and close.
She kissed my neck and started the coffee machine. She wore a dark green and sleeveless nightie, which revealed a small strip of thigh meat while she glided around the kitchen. The other difference was that she didn't change, staying to prepare breakfast.
Once the food was ready, she served us and sat opposite me. Her new nightie had a thin gap in front which displayed a small amount of cleavage. I openly stared at the exposed flesh of the insides of her full breasts. She continued to eat as if nothing had changed. My prick was rock-hard through the meal. I barely heard her talk to me concerning the day's events.
"Sam! Did you hear me? I said I'm going to Sharon's for a while to work out the details," Mom said, breaking me out of my trance.
"Sorry, Mom. I was thinking about working in the yard," I lied.
As soon as we finished and I spotted her car going down the road, I was already stroking my prick, quickly cumming to the vision of my mother's sexy body. I worked in the garden, and Mom showed up several hours later. We ate and decided to go to the movies with Rachel in the afternoon. It was a pleasant day, but my thoughts centered on what she and Sharon had discussed today.
My aunt left for her house afterward, leaving Mom and me on the couch again.
Capturing my gaze, Mom said, "I met with a client at Sharon's and made arrangements for us to rendezvous tomorrow. Our client will show up here while you wait in your room. I won't introduce you to her. They don't want to be able to recognize you if they happen to see you later. I'll prepare her for the procedure. She'll be on my bed, covered with a sheet. Your job is to uncover her far enough to conduct your business. The client won't expose her face nor talk to you."
I nodded to acknowledge my instructions. Concerned whether I'd be able to get hard without any foreplay, I rebuked, "I don't know, Mom. No kissing, no talking, and slight touching. I don't know if I'll be able to perform with those restrictions."
Silent for a moment, thinking over what I said, she replied, "It might be a challenge. I'll let them know you may have to caress their legs to advance things, and you can talk to them if it helps. They won't respond to anything you say. They desire a successful outcome, so I'm sure they'll be tolerant for whatever it takes."
*****
Mom was once again clad in her green nightie while we ate breakfast. I went to my room to await the call for my services. I didn't change out of my robe, keeping my thoughts on anything but Mom. I didn't want to blow off a load prematurely. I heard a car pull up, and soon after, muffled voices drifted up from downstairs. Mom was preparing our client. Hearing a light knock on my door, I opened it to see Mom still clad in her nightie.
Seeing my surprised look, she explained, "Don't be alarmed, Sam. My style of dress makes for a more relaxed atmosphere for the clients."
I wasn't about to complain; I wouldn't mind if she wore it all day. She stroked my upper arms, holding me. I did the same, relishing in the texture of her smooth, soft skin. She asked, "Honey, we didn't talk about payment and how much you'd like after expenses."
"Mom, keep whatever you get," I replied. "You're putting me through college. You deserve it, and I don't need any money. You take care of everything as it is."
She smiled and pressed her thinly covered body to mine in a tight hug. I felt her braless tits squash my robe-covered chest while we stroked each other's arms. I quickly hardened and released her before it became too obvious. She smiled and told me to wait a few minutes before coming down. Apprehension swept through me while I anxiously waited to start my new summer job.
I nervously ventured downstairs to Mom's bedroom, closing the door behind me. I removed my robe, my prick already softening from the pressure of the situation. A silk sheet was attached to Mom's headboard, covering the woman's body to her feet.
Her breasts pushed up the sheet as well as her pelvic bones. I walked up close and moved the covering up, exposing her legs below her knees. They were a deep brown, not from her race, but from suntanning. This woman was a sun worshiper. Her legs were closed together, and her muscles tensed when I ran my hands up and down her lower legs.
Her skin felt tough, leathery, and dry from the damaging sun. Seeing her nervous state, I quietly spoke to her, attempting to ease her stress. I moved the sheet up further, stroking her upper legs and thighs. Her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was so uneasy that I was afraid we would have to cancel.
I was entirely soft as my mind raced to try to think of how to proceed to put this woman more at ease. Suddenly it hit me. She loved to bask in the sun and was probably proud of her tan.
While gently massaging her legs, I said, "Your legs are a beautiful shade of deep brown and really sexy." Feeling her muscles relax, I continued, "Imagine that you're tanning in the sun. You feel the warm sun rays hitting your skin." Her fingers relaxed while she escaped to her happy place.
While I stroked her thighs, I said, "Pretend that my hands are yours, spreading oil on your legs." It worked; her thoughts shifted to a more pleasant environment when she spread her legs apart a few more inches. Gently, I uncovered her pussy. A pillow was under her lower back, elevating her hips. I wasn't sure if this was part of the procedure to hold in my sperm or if it was to help me penetrate the woman without having to lie on top of her.
Her mound was smooth except for a landing patch above her slit. I could see a lighter tone of skin where she had worn a bikini bottom for much of the time she was in the sun. I slowly ran my fingers up and down her slit. Her legs were still too tight together to allow me to enter. My best chance would be to put her at ease in the setting she felt most comfortable.
"Your tan is unbelievable, perfectly toned and even," I told her, stroking her inner thighs. "Imagine you're soaking in the rays, relaxed and sexy."
Her body softened as she opened her thighs wider, allowing more access to her slit. She responded as I had hoped. Pressing on with the scene, I continued, "You must tan in your backyard, but you have to put on your bottoms when friends or a delivery man shows up."
Her hips excitedly moved while I proceeded with the fantasy. "I wish I was the lucky delivery man, coming in the yard and seeing a tanned, sexy, nude woman on display."
Moisture appeared on her slit, her fantasies overcoming her nervousness. "You need to be cautious when suntanning nude, not knowing when a friend or a family member will arrive unannounced."
Her body twitched when I said a family member. I was narrowing in on one of her hidden fantasies. "Your daughter might see you and get embarrassed seeing her nude mother. Or maybe even your son."
Her hips involuntarily bounced when I mentioned her son. I quickly formed a plan on how to proceed. I stroked her wet slit while she mulled over what I said. I hardened, knowing this woman was mentally fantasizing about her son.
"I can visualize how it might happen. One day you're tanning nude when you hear the phone ring in the house. You're slow to answer it, and the recorder is already on. You hear your son talking, and you're about to pick it up when you stop and let the answering machine take the call. He explains that he's getting off work and will be home earlier than normal. Thinking you're visiting friends, he tells you he's going to get some sun until you get back."
She opened her legs wider while I talked her through the incestuous fantasy. I alternated from stroking her thighs to caressing her engorged cunt lips. "You know why your son called. He lives at home, unable to afford his own place after graduation. He came home early once and caught you sunbathing nude. He yelled out in surprise, and when you looked up, he ran back inside. After you put your suit on, you went in to see him, carefully avoiding any discussion concerning the incident. His face was red, but more importantly, his pants bulged out. Your son's prick was rock-hard from looking at his beautiful, naked mother."
She moved her hands and cupped her ass cheeks, massaging them, raising her pelvic area to my exploring hands. She heated up with my fantasy. My manhood was at full attention, living out her mother-son seduction.
"You know what you should do as a good mother. Wearing your suit would be the proper course of action so you wouldn't embarrass him again. He doesn't think you're home, assuming you're out. Your excited, throbbing cunt overrides any sensible thoughts. You get up and move the lounge so your horny, motherly pussy will be on full display when he exits the door. Hearing his car pull in the drive, you position yourself and spread your legs to put on a show for your son. Your dark sunglasses prevent him from seeing you looking as if you're asleep."
Bringing her knees up, she spread her legs wide, opening her glistening groove as her fantasy unfolded. I massaged her pussy and the lightly tanned area surrounding her fiery hole. Her pale skin was much smoother and reminded me of Mom's arm when I stroked it.
Continuing with my story, I described, "You hear the patio door slide open and see him through your shades. He's wearing trunks and ready to sunbathe when he suddenly stops and stares at your nude body. He softly calls out your name, not loud enough to wake you but enough to see if you're sleeping. You remain silent. He advances closer, unable to take his eyes off your pussy. He pulls his trunks down, and you see your son's hard prick for the first time since he was a child. It's bigger than you imagined and rock-hard from staring at his mother's bare pussy."
She thrashed her hips while she visualized her aroused son standing before her. Her hands went to my back and stroked up and down. Inserting two fingers into her wet cunt, I slowly slithered them in and out of her leaking pussy.
"Your son slowly strokes his hard cock while staring at his mom's open gash. He cups his balls for a couple of strokes before proceeding back up to the head."
She moved her hands from my back to firmly wrap them around my prick. She followed the act I described her son was doing. She lightly squeezed my balls while pumping my slick shaft, twisting my fat, bulbous head on the upstroke. Both of us leaked love juices while we enacted our fantasy.
"You sense him move closer to the lounge. Your son's forbidden prick is dangerously close to your open pussy. He calls your name again, gaining confidence when you groan and moan, thinking you're dreaming. You murmur his name and hump your hips up as if you're fucking him in your sleep state. You hoarsely whisper your fantasy of how much you've yearned to have his hard prick jammed up your horny pussy."
Her hands left my prick and went to hold my sides. She gripped tightly, anticipating the moment her son fucked her. I closed the gap between us and ran my slippery, engorged head around the mouth of her pussy. She bucked up, capturing and pulling my prick into her hungry canal.
"Your son is hard as a rock now and couldn't pull out if he wanted to. He didn't want it to go this far, but mistakenly his prick entered his mother's sacred slot. Even though he thinks you're still asleep, he tells you he's sorry and asks for forgiveness. He's wanted to do this for a long time and can no longer deny himself. Proclaiming his love for you, he slides his hard cock into your horny pussy."
I fed my prick into her tight sheath. Her lubricated channel allowed me to push in until my balls hit her ass. I pulled back and plowed in again. She gasped for air under the sheet. I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, elevating our passions. She humped and gyrated her hips, fully immersed in her incestuous fantasy.
Squeezing my waist hard, she pulled me in tight on each downstroke. I had already exceeded Mom's restrictions but decided to push the limit. My hands crept under the sheet, approaching her breasts. It was time to change my role-playing technique to be more personal.
"Oh, Mom! Your pussy is hot and tight. I've dreamed of this for years. I have to hold your tits. They're magnificent; I love you more than you know," I choked out. I cupped her meaty mounds, massaging her full globes while my cock pounded her pussy. Her head turned side-to-side under the sheet while her moaning grew louder.
Too many times, I had fantasized I was fucking my mother with my girlfriends but was careful not to call out my Mother's name nor exclaim the lustful feelings I harbored for my mother. Able to fully enact my fantasy, I fucked her furiously because she was my mother in my mind.
I captured her blood-engorged nipples between my fingers, tweaking and pulling her sensitive buds. We were both excited about the enactment, unable to last much longer. Her pussy quivered, humping up each stroke to pull me in as deep as possible.
"Oh, Mommy. I'm going to cum. I'm ready to blow my load. I don't think I can hold out any longer. I don't know if you're on protection; maybe I should pull out and ...,"
She wouldn't allow me to finish my fake dialogue. She grabbed my asscheeks and pulled me in as tight as she could. I screamed, "Mommy, I'm cumming in you. I'm filling your pussy with my sperm."
Streams of cum shot out the end of my prick into her welcoming hole. She came violently on my second release. Our mutual orgasms intensified our passions while we fucked as mother and son. I kept my prick embedded in her clasping cunt for several minutes after we finished. When I finally softened, I pulled out. Reaching down, I stuffed my fingers into her hole, attempting to cram as much sperm into her as possible.
"That's a giant load of cum in you, Mom. I imagine my sperm are fighting over your eggs from our first incestuous fuck. I'm so lucky to have such a hot mother," I croaked, slowly pulling my fingers out. She closed her legs tight, trapping my fingers in her filled pussy. It was her silent approval.
Backing off, I pulled the sheet down to cover her. Slipping on my robe, I wondered whether this would be my last job since I disobeyed several of Mom's rules. After returning to my room, I jumped in the shower. I heard Mom's bedroom door click open and close while washing off the smell of sex.
While drying off, our client's car left. When I met Mom downstairs, she wore work clothes. She smiled and said, "Let's work on the garden. It's a beautiful day."
She didn't mention my performance while toiling in the soil, both of us pretending my mother hadn't just set me up to fuck a woman.
After dinner, she sat by me on the couch and wrapped her arm around me. I did the same, and we stroked each other's upper arms while watching a comedy. She broke the silence, asking, "How'd it go this morning? Do we need to modify any of the procedures?"
"It was nearly a disaster. It was more difficult than I thought to perform without any foreplay," I replied.
She showed her dismay, hugging me tightly in consolation.
After languishing in the hug for a minute, I continued, "Caressing her legs didn't help much. Her skin was tough and leathery from tanning long hours in the sun; not very sexy. I think she was nearly your age, but I bet she looks at least ten years older."
Mom exclaimed, "Wow! You're good at guessing ages. She is my age, and I noticed the sun's effect on her. It's a shame women don't realize the damage the sun can do. So you were able to proceed anyway?"
Squeezing and caressing her upper arm, I said, "Yea, I had to visualize smoother skin when I touched her."
My mom's hand squeezed mine, shrieking, "You thought of your mother when you were with her?"
"No, Mom. That would be weird, just the feel of your skin. It's so smooth and soft, and I had to do something, or I wouldn't have been able to proceed," I replied. She exhaled and released her hand from mine, allowing me to continue caressing her arm.
"I did put you up to this, and if it helped the process, I can't complain," she acquiesced.
"I hope she was happy with the results. I did the best I could," I cautioned, looking to Mom to gauge her reaction.
She replied, "I told her I didn't want any details, but she said that you performed well and stayed within our preset boundaries. She thought you were sweet, and your soothing conversation put her at ease. She was quite pleased; I believe our first case was a complete success."
Thankfully, she changed subjects as I was getting hard, reliving the time spent with our first client. I was glad the woman hadn't revealed the fantasy we enacted. Relaying too much information to Mom didn't seem like a great idea. I wondered if the woman had already fucked her son or even had one. If so, he might be in for quite a surprise.
*****
My aunt arrived around noon the next day to help us in the garden. Mom excused herself for an errand, leaving Rachel and me to finish work. It provided the perfect opportunity to leer at my aunt without the threat of Mom catching me. Mom was back in time for dinner. We ate, and Rachel left for home. Mom and I retired to our rooms early after a long day of work.
During breakfast, Mom wore a short, pink nightie. The entire lengths of her luscious thighs were bare. When she shifted, a flash of dark red panties peeked out. After we ate and cleaned up, Mom stopped next to me on her way to her bedroom. She turned to display a perfect view of the backs of her legs. She quietly asked, "Sam, could you do me a favor? Could you see if I have any cellulite on my legs? It happens to many women, and I want to know if there are any signs."
Before this, I had been stealing looks at her luscious legs. I couldn't believe my luck that she had permitted me to gawk at her shapely bare legs. Taking my time, I surveyed up and down her smooth, toned legs. Her nightie barely covered her panties, allowing me to see all of her creamy thighs. Rapidly breathing, I stuttered, "No sign of anything, Mom. Your legs are very smooth, fantastic looking, and incredibly sexy."
"Thank you, Sam. Although, I'm not sure you should be complimenting your mother's legs in that manner," she said with a smirk. "I'm just worried cellulite will ruin my appearance. I am getting near that awful age," she added, referring to her closing in on forty.
"Mom, there's nothing wrong with your legs, and even if there were, you're still a beautiful and sexy woman," I complimented her and blushed, surprised at my bold remark.
She turned to face me and smiled, seeing my flushed state. "Thanks, Sam. Let's get dressed and do some yard work."
We met in the garden and worked for a few hours. At three in the afternoon, I asked," Mom. Is Aunt Rachel coming over to help?"
She hesitated as if making up a story. Finally, she explained, "No, not today. I had to lie and tell her we were busy tonight. I scheduled an appointment with a new client. I met her yesterday and scheduled her for today at four. I hope it's okay with you."
Taken aback by her announcement, I hesitated, but not long enough for Mom to continue. I replied, "Sure, Mom; It's fine. I have to clean up first. I'll head in and wait for you in my room."
After my shower, it didn't take long before a car pulled up. I heard the door and muffled talking while they walked down the hall to Mom's room. Soon after, I heard a soft knock on my door. I let Mom in and immediately smiled, seeing her dressed in her short, pink nightie. She told me our client was ready and hugged me tightly. I pressed my face against her neck, breathing in her natural scent, which I'd come to love.
She held my hands with hers and guided them to the backs of her thighs above her knees. Leaning close to my ear, she whispered, "Sam, could you feel my legs to see if you can detect any cellulite? You said you couldn't see any, but maybe you can make sure."
It was an incredible moment. It was one thing to admire my mother's legs, quite another to caress them. My hands slowly ran up the backs of her smooth, firm flesh, relishing the feel. My cock hardened fully and uncomfortably lodged between us. When my fingers brushed against her panties, I moved back down. I explored her legs again, stopping to squeeze her succulent flesh when I neared her ass. Her hot breath washed over my neck when I groped her thighs. Moving up, I started to cup her ass when she grabbed my hands and pulled me away.
She smiled and said, "Careful honey, that's not my legs. Did you find anything unusual?"
I replied, "No, Mom. They're terrific. No sign of any cellulite. In fact, they're the best legs I've ever felt."
"Oh, stop it," she giggled.
She stepped back, signaling it was time for my services. When she turned to leave, I lustfully leered at the beautiful legs I had caressed minutes earlier. After a few moments, I proceeded down the stairs to take care of the next client.
As soon as I entered Mom's room, I dropped my robe. Approaching our covered client, I slowly moved the sheet up. I left her pussy covered while I stroked her legs, hoping to relax her in this uncomfortable setting. Her skin was smooth like Mom's, and she looked like she might be five years older.
I stroked her legs, and when I ran my hands up to the back of her thighs, I felt the dimples. It was cellulite, and I thought of when Mom asked me to look and feel her legs for the signs. It became clear that Mom was determined to help me through each client. I told her she had helped me on the first one, so she had taken it upon herself to assist me. She had interviewed the woman the previous day and noticed the cellulite.
I didn't dwell on her dimpled skin, not wanting to cause concern for the poor woman. She was probably already self-conscious, and I didn't want to add to her apprehension. After a few minutes of caressing and praising her legs, I felt her relax. I seized the moment and shoved the sheet above her waist, exposing her pussy.
No sign of hair to distract from her puffy, clean-shaven pussy. It was her best trait, and I think she knew it. I ran my fingers up and down her fat lips while complimenting her on her slick, smooth pussy. She spread her legs, relaxing while I played with her treasure. I inserted a couple of fingers into her hot hole and discovered it was steamy and wet. She massaged my fingers expertly with her tight sheath.
I pulled my fingers out, even as she attempted to hold them with her muscled pussy. I stroked her thighs again, thinking of the vision of Mom's displayed bare legs. That was enough to bring me fully hard. Crawling up closer, I scraped my prick along her thighs, making my way to my target. She spread her legs wide, giving me complete access to her hungry, oily cavern.
Pushing my engorged head through her outer lips, her pussy clamped down hard, pulling my shaft in without my help. Her sucking snatch devoured my prick, pulling me to the bottom. I fucked her steady for several minutes, reveling in her experience of cock handling. Her pussy walls contracted at different times of my strokes, enabling her to rub my hard prick against her sensitive spots. Her hips moved in sync with her pussy as she took over the direction of the fucking.
I held onto her waist, squeezing her firm skin, holding on tight while she thrashed beneath me. Her skin reminded me of Mom's, and my mind flashed to the times I had stroked Mom's arms. My prick was hard as steel, getting a workout it had rarely experienced. Sensing I was nearing my climax, I shoved it in deep and held it there, letting it soak in an attempt to prolong my orgasm. Her pussy massaged my prick, and it felt like her hand was stroking me.
I paused my pumping, enjoying the moment. Images of my Mom's legs flashed before me. My fingers roamed across the waist of the woman fucking me while I relived the moment I caressed Mom's legs. Harder contractions on my prick brought me back from my fantasy. To my surprise, sperm gushed from my stem.
It was a first for me, cumming without stroking. I pulled back and shoved in hard, shooting the last of my load deep into the client's spasming cunt. Her pulsating walls milked out every drop of virile sperm from my balls. After I had spilled my entire load and was embedded deep in her pussy, she continued to massage my prick.
I softened, pulled out, and stopped to look at her beautiful gash one final time before covering her with the sheet. Leaving the room exhausted, I headed upstairs. I plopped down on my bed after taking a shower. I rested and nearly fell asleep when I heard her car leave.
The smell of cooking brought me downstairs, where I found Mom preparing dinner. We ate, and afterward, when we settled on the couch, she brought up the subject of my performance. "Sam, our latest client praised you as much as our first one. Excellent job!"
I was surprised as I felt I didn't do much to excite her. Maybe that was what turned the woman on, controlling the coupling.
With a concerned look, she asked, "Sam, did you have any problems this time?"
"No problems, Mom. Thanks to you, the cellulite didn't bother me," I assured her.
She blushed, smiled, and said, "Glad to help, honey. I wanted to make it easier for you."
Switching topics, we talked while watching TV for an hour when Mom turned and locked eyes with me.
"Sam, I hope you don't mind, but I made another appointment tomorrow morning at ten."
Trying to contain my excitement, I replied, "No problem, then we can do some things in the afternoon and go out for dinner. I guess you and Sharon must have interviewed more than one client yesterday."
"At least two," she confirmed, leaving for her bedroom. I wondered how many more she had lined up for me.
*****
Neither of us said much at breakfast. Mom wore a white nightie I'd never seen before. The material was opaque, and I could tell she had on a bra. It was longer than her other selections, going below her knees. It dawned on me that Mom had worn different negligees for each client. Did color have anything to do with it? Suddenly it hit me; it was the style, not color. The green one exposed her arms so I could stroke her smooth skin. The pink one was short, allowing me to feel her thighs. What did this white one signify? I wouldn't know the reason until she retrieved me for our guest. It was after nine when I excused myself to wait in my room.
I was lost in thought and didn't hear a car or any sounds from downstairs until soft knocking brought me out of my daydreaming. Mom knocked and entered, hugging me tight, nestling her mouth on my neck. Mom's scented hair and the pressure of her body against mine convinced my prick to rise to the occasion. She pulled back, leaving us face-to-face, and whispered, "Good luck, Sam."
She pressed her lips against mine and kissed me, keeping her mouth closed. Air rushed in and out of her nostrils. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue across my lips. Ready to stick my tongue out to meet hers, she pulled back, smiling. Was that lust in her eyes, or was it teasing?
After she left, I made my journey to our next client. Still hard from Mom's kiss, I gave myself a quick stroke while surveying the sheet-covered woman on Mom's bed. I could tell she was younger from the perky breasts pushing up the fabric, showing no sign of sagging. I moved the covering up to her knees, revealing her lower legs.
They were smooth looking and milky-white. I don't think the sun's rays had ever touched her legs, and when I caressed her, goosebumps appeared. The poor woman was nervous and would require some patience on my part. I lightly stroked up and down her lower legs, quietly talking to her. "Your skin is lovely. We'll go as slow as you want. I'll do whatever it takes to make our time together enjoyable." She relaxed while I continued to caress her smooth and sexy legs.
When it looked like she was comfortable, I pushed the sheet up to reveal her upper legs. I didn't want to go too fast, leaving her pussy hidden beneath the sheet. White, luscious thighs appeared before me. Perhaps the best-looking legs I've seen, other than my mother's. I sensuously stroked her thighs while keeping up with my quiet dialogue about her beauty. She opened her legs several inches.
Her white skin exalted purity. My arousal increased when I ran my hands up and down her smooth white thighs. Sun had never seen her skin as well as any other person in public, as it was evident she had fully covered herself. It was a special connection between us, and it excited me, knowing I was the only one to witness her hidden beauty. Snow White came to mind, and I made a mental note to refer to her like that in the future.
Leaning down, I kissed one of her luscious thighs, allowing my lips to linger against her soft skin. I inhaled her intoxicating natural scent and was glad she hadn't put on any perfume.
Opening my mouth, I sucked in a mouthful of delicious thigh meat. Unlike the other clients, thoughts of Mom didn't materialize while I continued to relish in her beauty. I heard a muffled groan from under the sheet when I munched on her thigh, her legs opening wider. While I paid homage to one leg, I massaged the other with my roaming hand. Pulling myself off her thigh was hard, but I was anxious to continue. I pushed the sheet up above her waist revealing a full, black, hairy bush.
It was a striking contrast to her lily white skin. Trimmed into a perfect triangle and uniform height, I could tell she had spent time grooming her mound. I ran my fingers through her silky forest and said, "Your pussy is beautiful. The deep, rich color of your hair against your smooth, white skin turns me on." My fingers gripped a tuft of fur on both sides of her slit and teasingly pulled up, opening her moist slit.
Running my fingers up and down her aroused pussy lips resulted in more groans of pleasure. When I inserted two fingers into her slot, she brought her knees up and spread her legs wide, allowing full access. Her excitement grew while I finger fucked her at an increasing rate. Using my other hand to spread her puffy lips, I exposed her meaty pussy while furiously finger fucking her. She was ready for a hot prick, but I hesitated. This woman was too sexy and beautiful to pass up, and I intended to enjoy this session thoroughly.
She panted, and her breasts heaved while I watched her taut nipples pushing up the sheet. When I lowered my mouth to engulf her clit, I drove two more fingers into her hot, wet cunt. Her hips rose when she climaxed. Shifting my mouth down to capture her copious cum flowing out, I removed my fingers, locking my mouth on her convulsing pussy. She came several times and then lowered her hips afterward to relax. I eased off and gently stroked her thighs, reassuring her as she recovered.
Her smooth, white belly beckoned to my lustful eyes. I ran my hands around her midriff, shoving the sheet above her perky tits. Dark-brown nipples capped her milky-white mounds. Cupping and squeezing her spongy breasts brought life back to her spent body.
When I twisted and squeezed her engorged nipples, more moans escaped from my covered Snow White. I lowered my body to her soft flesh to feast on an engorged teat. While I sucked her nub, her hands grasped the back of my head and pulled me tight against her firm breasts. One of her hands stroked my back while I sucked on one and then her other tit.
My arousal was sky-high, and I feared I might spill my load before entering her. Keeping my mouth locked on her breast, I pressed my prick into her juicy, open cunt. Her hips shifted to accept the stiff prick she craved. I shoved my fat head through her entrance, slowly entering her wet pussy. Her tight walls stretched while I descended. I slowed my pace, allowing her to adjust to my size. Her hand lowered from my back to my ass, pulling and coaxing me to fuck her hard. I pistoned in and out of her tight pussy in short strokes, not wanting to hurt her by sinking to the bottom.
Her pussy flooded, and her pussy juices coated my prick when her walls relaxed and gave way to my steel-hard intruder. Sinking to the bottom of her hungry pussy brought out a groan while she expelled the air from her lungs. I fucked her hard and fast, still feasting on her sensitive tits. Wrapping her legs around my waist and squeezing hard, she humped up each stroke, maximizing my depth. My spongy head flattened out when it collided against her back wall, causing her to groan and moan in pleasure.
Her pussy clamped down on my prick with her intense climax. I came on her second contraction, filling her cavern with streams of hot cum. After my balls drained, I still humped her, unwilling to allow the fuck to end. Lowering her hips to the bed, she unwrapped her legs and relaxed completely. I released her nipple, resting my head on her chest. Her deep breathing soothed me while we recovered from our intense coupling.
Mom kissing me was from the fact this woman showed no skin. Mom had no way of spotting any problems. That's why she wore the white nightie, which revealed very little of her body. Guessing our client's age to be mid-twenties, I was surprised she couldn't find a husband to bear children. She was a passionate and sexy woman. A facial disfigurement would explain a lot, or maybe she didn't want a complicated relationship. Mom and Rachel held the same view, which I suspected might not be rare.
I reluctantly pulled away, pausing for several minutes to admire her. I leaned down, kissed her nipples, and croaked, "Thank you for making love with me. I've never been with such a beautiful or sexy woman. You're unbelievable, and I've enjoyed every second I've spent with you."
I inwardly chuckled at how easy it was to expose my feelings to a woman that couldn't talk back with their face covered. I wished it was that simple to tell Mom my true feelings. Reluctantly, I rose and left for my room.
After showering and resting for an hour, I dressed and went downstairs, where Mom was preparing lunch. Mom didn't wait until evening to question me on my encounter, asking, "How'd it go this morning? You were in there longer than normal. Did you have any problems?"
"No, everything went fine. Thanks for asking. Other than being younger than our previous clients, I thought it went well," I commented while waiting for any expression from her that might give me a clue.
"It was hard to tell her age because of her perfect complexion, but I'd say she was in her twenties. She was pleased with our arrangement and even gave us a hefty bonus. She didn't provide a reason. Do you know why?"
I could see, from her questioning look, she wanted more information. I decided against telling her that maybe it was because our fuck was intense, and I made her cum twice before filling her. "No idea. Maybe she liked that we were discreet and protective of her privacy."
Her eyes were deep in thought, probably mulling over the fact the woman had been completely covered, showing little of her body. Her expression switched into understanding when she echoed, "Yes, you're right. She was a secretive young lady."
Satisfied with our discussion, she changed topics while we finished lunch. She informed me Rachel was coming over later to go with us to see a short film at the theater and then out to eat. I had fully recovered by the time Rachel showed up, and I had the age-old problem of shifting my prick to avoid detection. After dinner, my aunt headed home. Shortly after, I excused myself to retire to my room. I was exhausted from the full day of activities. While I climbed the stairs, Mom said, "Rest up, Sam. We have two appointments tomorrow."
I turned to reply, unsure of how to ask her how far apart my sessions would be when she spoke to ease my anxiety. "Don't worry, Sam. One is for ten tomorrow morning, and the other can't make it until eight at night. Plenty of time for you to recover."
Seeing my look of relief, she smiled and left. I wondered how many women she and Sharon had interviewed. I didn't complain, enjoying the best summer job ever. Sleep was good that night as I relived the time spent with Snow White. That was the first instance I hadn't thought of Mom when I climaxed. I thought maybe I was getting over my infatuation with my sexy mother.
*****
Those thoughts quickly dissipated, my prick staying hard through breakfast. Mom paraded around cloaked in another new nightie. Black in color, her hemline ended at mid-thigh. It was a heavier material, but I could tell she was braless, her nipples pushing out the top. I tried to figure out the significance of her attire. Her tits sticking out was the most obvious sign. She usually gave more of a clue when she fetched me for our client; I'd have to wait.
After I helped clean the kitchen, I retreated to my room to wait for our next client. I left my door ajar, allowing Mom to enter without knocking first. I sat on the edge of my bed, thinking about my time with Snow White. My prick rose out of the gap in my robe, exposing my fat, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed from the slit. I firmly gripped my bulbous head and twisted it like I was opening a doorknob, coating it with my juices. I released it, and the cool air felt good, attempting to dry my wet tip.
Lost in thought, I didn't hear Mom come up the stairs or enter my room. Jolted back to reality from Mom's voice, I heard her say, "Sweetie, I have another concern ..."
She stopped suddenly, staring at my hard prick proudly standing straight up out of my robe. The large helmeted head was filled with blood and still shiny with my slick juices. I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. I should have been more careful."
Still staring at my large, wet head, she murmured, "It's been a long time since I've seen that. I didn't realize it was so b..." She abruptly stopped, realizing she was commenting on her son's big prick.
Seeing her face turn red and flustered, I frantically searched for a way to help her. I blurted out the first thing I could think of that started with a 'B' and exclaimed, "Beautiful? You did have something to do with its creation, so of course, you'd think that." I smiled, trying to ease the tension while closing my robe to hide my erection.
In her uneasiness, she had folded her arms across her stomach, causing her nightie to pull tighter against her body. Her taut, engorged nipples pressed against the thin material. Her pointy teats held my attention while she strolled over to me for our ritual hug. Standing up, I hugged her tightly. She pressed close to me, attempting to make contact with the hard cock she had seen.
Bathing my ear with her hot breath, Mom whispered, "I'm afraid as I get older that I'm getting a lot less sexy. I'd like your opinion on another one of my concerns."
She guided my hands to the backs of her thighs under her nightie. She moved our joined hands upward, and when they landed on her bare cheeks, she asked, "Honey, do you think I'm losing my ass? I know older women tend to get a flat ass. I'm worried that I'm heading in that direction."
She released her hands while I cupped and gently squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I couldn't believe my luck; my hands held Mom's firm buns. My fingers spread out, dipping into the deep crevice between her cheeks, squeezing while advancing.
Mom's soft breasts filled and pressed into me when she sucked in a deep breath of air. My hard prick, trapped between our bodies, throbbed in agreement with my delight. Knowing her pussy was inches away, I contemplated exploring further, seeking her prize. As quick as the thought entered, Mom removed my hands off her buns, asking, "What do you think? Am I too far gone?".
"Mom, you have no worries. You have a perfect ass, if I may be so blunt," I huskily assured her.
She pulled back, hesitating while digesting my comment. She turned to leave and whispered, "Thanks, Sam. Good luck on today's client."
What was the help she was demonstrating this time? Full tits squashed against me or something related to her firm ass? My mind remained on Mom's bottom while I uncovered our latest client. I decided to push the sheet up in one motion today, revealing her legs and pussy at once. She had a thin, petite form and was near my aunt's age. A narrow patch of blonde hair was above her slit. Caressing her thighs and skinny waist relaxed her enough to open her legs, revealing an already wet slit. Her pelvic area was small, and I wondered how a baby would be able to emerge.
Full rounded breasts pushed the sheet up, maintaining their perfect shape. The client's perfect tits didn't match the rest of her body, drawing me to conclude this was someone's trophy wife. Natural blonde, artificially endowed boobs, and a skinny body type were the perfect attributes for an older businessman to brag to his buddies. Her proud tits reminded me of when Mom pressed her breasts into me. That must have been her hint. Maybe Mom thought augmented breasts would gross me out.
I would be happy to help the old bastard impregnate his young wife. Complimenting her skinny body is what this lady would love to hear. "I love your shapely legs and fit body. It looks like I'm the lucky recipient of experiencing how blondes have more fun."
It was enough; she fully opened her legs, revealing her tiny pussy.
Unsure if I could fuck this girl without causing her great pain, I decided to lengthen my foreplay. I ran my fingers up and down her slit while caressing her thin thighs and exposed midriff, telling her the entire time how sexy she looked. She squirmed, and her pussy was noticeably wetter when I inserted a finger into her tight canal. I finger fucked her and inserted more fingers when she loosened up. I moved closer to her wide-open legs and rubbed my wet head around the mouth of her pussy.
She humped up, attempting to lodge my prick in her cunt. I managed to pop the head beyond her lips, barely fitting in her tight vice-like sheath. Her hot pussy squeezed so tightly that it was on the verge of being painful for me. She acted as if it didn't bother her, probably used to a tight fuck. I short stroked her pussy, inching forward slowly, stretching her hole to accommodate my fat, stiff cock. Her pussy gushed juice, coating my invading prick, enabling me to advance to the bottom of her slot. Her hands stroked my back, pulling me in, encouraging me to fuck her faster.
Her tiny cunt transformed into a greedy, slick pussy, able to take the pounding my iron-hard shaft gave her. I fucked her hard while she kept coating my cock with her juices. She locked her legs around my back and humped to meet my thrusts.
I lowered my hands to her ass to get better leverage to pound her pussy when I discovered she had none. She was so skinny that fat tissue hadn't been able to accumulate. Understanding swept over me when I remembered Mom asking me to check out her ass. It was Mom's way of helping her son achieve success.
Before my prick softened from discovering her disappointing backside, I grabbed her hips and pounded in and out of this young trophy wife. I was on the verge of orgasm, and it appeared this girl wasn't close. Her breasts heaving up and down under the sheet caught my attention. She had to be proud of her prized tits. I moved my hands up under the sheet and cupped her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect, so big and firm. I love squeezing them," I croaked. The young trophy wife gyrated her hips, bouncing up and down while I fucked her. I couldn't tell if she was nearing orgasm when it hit me. Maybe there was another reason she married an older man.
I tweaked her taut, hard nipples while mauling her fake tits. The tight texture of her breasts was much like Mom's ass, and my mind went back to when I was groping Mom. Gambling, I said, "Cum for Daddy, sweetie."
Her body violently thrashed when I correctly identified her fantasy. I knew it would be much easier at that point. Thrusting hard and deep, I chanted, "I'm going to fill my girl's pussy full of sperm. You're having my baby. Cum on your Daddy's big prick, honey. Push us over the edge!"
She screamed with joy while her pussy clamped onto my erupting cock. Gooey globs of cum filled her receptive, pulsating pussy. Loud squishing noises filled the room while cum squirted out of her small cavity.
Slowing my pace, I continued to stroke to the bottom, hoping to push my virile sperm to the back of her pussy, closer to her cervix. When I softened, I stopped stroking and allowed my prick to soak in her flooded pussy. She unwrapped her legs and lowered them to the bed. Her tits rapidly heaved from the intense joining.
After I covered her tiny body, I whispered, "Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful body with me. Don't ever give up on your fantasies."
I left and met Mom in the hallway near the stairs. She smiled while shuffling by me to wrap matters up with our latest client. I didn't bother to shower since we would be working in the garden. I changed into my work clothes, making it to the backyard before Mom escorted our guest to her car. I worked on a bed hidden from the back windows to remain undetected.
Mom showed up later, and we worked together for several hours. She informed me the client was satisfied this morning and liked my style. I wasn't surprised and knew that discovering the woman's father-daughter fantasy tipped the scales.
Seeing my distant look, Mom asked, "You look concerned. Did you have any problems?"
"No problem at all. One thing though, a trophy wife won't have any problem with payment.."
Her questioning look prompted me to add, "Young, petite blonde with augmented breasts. It was pretty obvious."
She asked, "How do you know she was blonde? Did you uncover her head?"
Unsure of how to explain this to Mom, I gave her a 'duh' stare and bleated, "Damn, Mom. Hair grows in other places besides the head." It was entertaining to watch her expression while she processed the information. Her face turned beet-red when she visualized her son ogling a woman's pussy.
Changing the subject for her, I said, "There is one thing that could have been a problem, but you took care of it beforehand."
"What was that, Sam?" She was more than eager to change the conversation.
"Her ass, Mom. She had none. Thanks for taking notice and warning me."
Blushing again, she quietly quavered, "Thank you, dear. I do try to notice potential problems during my interviews. It may seem that I don't act motherly at times, but I'm trying my best to help you succeed."
Mom was uncomfortable with our conversation and quickly changed the topic to our schedule. "Take your shower," she ordered. "We're going out for dinner before our evening appointment." We cleaned up, dressed, and enjoyed each other's company at an upscale restaurant. I was fully recovered and hard through the meal, staring at my sexy mother.
Upon arriving home, I went to my room, stripped, and slipped on my robe. Leaving the door open again, I pondered whether to give Mom another display of my prick. I recalled the signals she sent out with each client and wondered what outfit or hint she'd provide. Too much longer at this job, and she'd end up with a large selection of nighties.
I thought,"Did she use the nightwear strictly for helping me with the women, or was she flirting with me? Should I confide in her and expose my feelings?"
She might have no desire for me, just motherly love. If she shared the same incestuous cravings, she would have acted on it when she came into my room with my prick sticking out of my robe. I still loved her and could deal with a non-physical relationship, but her sexy body would still provide me with fantasies. Deep in thought, I missed the sound of our client's car when I heard Mom climbing the steps.
"Sam, are you ready?" Mom asked, remaining outside my room, avoiding another embarrassing situation.
"Yes, Mom. Ready as I can be," I answered, rising from my bed. Mom entered and hugged me. She wore her blue nightie, the first one I saw her in. That threw me for a loop.
I wondered, "Did she run out of styles and have to resort to repeats? Did she know it was my favorite?"
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Unfortunately, it appeared there would be no leg or ass groping. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her while I stroked her back.
She released me, placing her hands on the side of my head to lock my eyes with hers. She pulled me tight to her moist lips, maintaining eye contact while we kissed. She opened her mouth wide enough to slide her tongue across my lips.
My tongue darted through my lips, meeting hers. Her eyes screamed lust, far beyond the motherly love kind. Our breathing rapidly increased when we kissed like no mother and son should. Regrettably, she pulled back and cooed, "Good luck. Enjoy yourself."
My gaze remained on the backs of her beautiful legs while she walked out the door. She kissed me before the session with Snow White. My prick jumped up, reminiscing the time we had spent together. Would this client be similar? Catching myself wasting precious time daydreaming, I snapped back to reality and made my way to Mom's room to meet the next client.
Her stiff nipples, pushing up the silky fabric, looked promising. Maybe this lady wouldn't be as uncomfortable as the others. I moved the sheet up to her knees and began caressing her lower legs. I guessed that the woman was in her mid-thirties and had kept in good shape. No signs of uneasiness while I stroked her hot legs. I moved my hands up under the sheet feeling her knees and upper legs. They were firm and smooth, and my hands explored every inch. I pushed the sheet up to below her pussy to admire her legs.
They were as beautiful to look at as they were to touch. I immediately recognized the shapely legs as Mom's. My mother was the woman hidden under the sheet. My prick expanded to maximum hardness. Was she testing me to ascertain whether my technique was adequate for her clients? Did she wear her blue nightie so I'd have a hint it was her? We never discussed her system of nightwear. Maybe she self-consciously wore it without realizing the significance. I wondered if she'd let me proceed partway before stopping me. Either way didn't bother me; I was going to enjoy as much of her succulent body as possible.
I began my usual routine, complimenting my client. "Your legs and thighs are some of the best I've seen. They're beautiful and so sexy." My hands advanced from her lower legs to her thighs, squeezing and caressing her meaty thighs. I wrapped my hands around them, achieving more skin contact.
She moaned from my soothing massage. I leaned down to kiss her nearest thigh while stroking her other. Her familiar scent hit me before a gush of pussy musk filled my nostrils. It elevated my lust to levels I hadn't felt before.
Releasing my mouth from her succulent thighs, I shifted upward and admired the sight of my mom's exposed flesh below her covered pussy. Moving my hands to the outside of her thighs, I gripped the sheet in both hands. My heart raced while I anticipated the first time I would look at Mom's pussy. Hearing her inhale sharply, I watched Mom's perky breasts pushing the sheet up and down. She knew her son was ready to unveil her motherly treasure and was as nervous as me. My hands slithered up the outside of her body, pushing the thin fabric up.
When I reached the middle of her flat stomach, blood flowed to my already hard prick when my mother's hairy pussy was exposed. Mom's breath was raspy and quick, realizing her son was staring at her pussy for the first time. She had trimmed the sides, leaving the middle patch intact. My gaze focused on her untamed and bushy mound. Her fat, blood-filled pussy lips were tucked in the middle of her forest of brunette fur. I ran my fingers up and down both sides of her pussy, mashing her lips together, then spreading them out, displaying a wet canal. She moaned under the sheet while I played with her pussy, my place of origin.
"Jesus, this is the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," I murmured. "Your hairy mound turns me on."
If, in fact, Mom was testing me, she would soon stop the process. I decided to show her how I treat our 'special' clients and see how serious she was to continue her charade.
"Someone as sexy and beautiful as you will receive our premium treatment. Your pussy requires much more attention than the other clients." She moaned, and her muscles tensed when she heard her son praising her motherly treasure.
Spreading her pussy apart, I lowered my mouth to her steaming snatch. When I licked up and down her sensitive pussy lips, she gasped and groaned with pleasure. My rough tongue explored higher until it found her clit. Another moan emanated from under the sheet while I mauled her sensitive nub. Her hands clenched tight but remained at her sides while I feasted on her horny pussy. I had to admit that she demonstrated a large amount of resilience to restrain herself while I pleasured her. My tongue darted into her hot canal, intensifying my attack.
Unable to contain herself, her hands flew to the back of my head, not to push me away but to pull me in harder. While my rough tongue explored her sensitive cunt walls, she grunted loudly, finally receiving the attention she had long desired from her son.
Raising her knees and capturing my head between her thighs, she squeezed tight, pulling my mouth to her starved pussy. Her body stiffened each time my tongue scraped along her sensitive walls. My face was soaked from her leaking pussy cream while she enjoyed the face-fuck from her son. Bringing her near orgasm several times, I'd ease up to let her recover. After ten minutes of teasing, I decided to escalate her to a climax.
Moving my mouth to the top of her pussy, I moved the hood of her sensitive nub to the side and captured her engorged clit. While I squeezed and rolled her most sensitive piece of flesh, I shoved three fingers deep into her hole. Her hips humped while her body tensed and shook from her long-awaited cataclysmic release. After a long guttural moan, juices erupted from her slot when she climaxed. I sucked her sweet nectar from her convulsing cunt. She humped several times into my sucking mouth while I maintained close contact.
Mom's arms and legs fell to the bed, exhausted from her incestuous climax. I pulled back to admire the prize I'd lusted after. Moving her hands up, she pulled a pillow over the top of her sheet-covered face. She must have been afraid I'd know it was her, anticipating a screaming episode when I finally entered her.
I thought, "Didn't she know I recognized her?"
She kept her face hidden, pretending to be a client. Maybe it was how she wanted the seduction to proceed, or she thought I'd finish and leave without realizing it was her. Not wanting to spoil her planned seduction, I didn't reveal that I knew she was my mother.
I caressed her thighs while she recovered from her orgasm. When I inched near her body, my hard prick bumped against her leg, leaving a trail of precum slime. The touch of my shaft on her smooth thigh resulted in a long groan, muffled by the pillow. I massaged her mound, running my fingers through her forest of soft fur.
"Your pussy is perfect. It's such a turn-on for me because your pussy is how I've fantasized my mother's would look. I love her and have wanted to stroke her pussy more than anything."
She still didn't talk but moaned and moved her hips around while I played with her hairy mound. Shifting lower, I stroked and caressed the smooth skin at the top of her legs. "And your thighs are so firm and smooth. They remind me of my mother's legs. She allowed me to touch them once. It was exciting, being able to stroke the legs of the woman I love."
I wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting them while massaging them. I spread her out wide, opening her juicy, hungry cunt. Her breasts heaved up and down under the sheet while her breathing rate increased. Her excitement grew, upon hearing her son's soothing talk. Her fingers gripped the sheets, her muscles tensing in anticipation of our incestuous liaison.
Sliding up her body, I rested my balls on top of her slimy slit and nestled my shaft on top of her soft mound. I shoved the sheet below her breasts, revealing her smooth midriff and rib cage. Caressing her hot skin, I squeezed chunks of flesh, marveling at her sexy body.
"Normally, I'm not allowed to expose your breasts, but you have me more excited than normal. I'm fantasizing you're my mom, and I've wanted to see and squeeze her breasts for a long time," I hoarsely croaked while moving the sheet up to her neck, exposing her glorious globes. They were bigger than I had imagined and topped with hard, pink nipples.
I cupped her succulent mounds, kneading and massaging them. Her breathing increased while I mauled her firm breasts. A gasp of air was released when I captured her nipples with my fingers and lightly twisted them. She humped her hips up, attempting to capture her son's cock. She wasn't playing any games now; she wanted to fuck her son.
It was a pivotal moment in our lives. To ensure Mom was willing to shed all of her inhibitions, I taunted her, "You are one horny lady, aren't you? This pussy deserves a fat cock shoved up it. I'm going to fuck you as if you were my mother."
She screeched through the pillow and widened her legs.
"Don't worry, sexy lady. I'll fuck you until your pussy gets the satisfaction it desires. And then I'll deposit a large load of sperm deep into your pussy." Delirious with excitement, I looked down to see my prick within an inch of its target. I used one hand to guide my fat head to her pussy and swished it around the mouth of her slot, smearing her slick fluids on my blood-engorged knob.
Knowing I would remember this moment forever, I didn't immediately enter her, swirling my tip around the thick lips surrounding her gaping gash. We breathed rapidly and shallowly while I prepared to return to my birth canal two decades later. I shoved until the flared bottom of my head went past her outer lips, nestled in a hot, wet oven of flesh. Her pussy contracted with a mini-orgasm while she screamed into the pillow, coating my head with slick cum.
I pulled out to admire my shiny, beet-red prick, anxious to get back into her warm interior. I pushed in further the next time, slowly parting the folds of her long unused channel. Repeating the shallow fucking, I stretched her pussy while she bathed my cock with oily cum from her mini-orgasms.
Her pelvis humped up and down, trying to swallow more of her son's hard prick. While my cock slid deeper into her tight sheath, I teased her nipples. Her velvety pussy walls surrounded my rock-hard cock while I slowly descended. Her juices copiously flowed, covering my shaft, enabling it to easily slice through her clasping cunt. My eyes locked onto my prick, sliding into my mother's pussy for the first time.
Hitting bottom, our pubic hairs meshed together, causing us to groan in unison. I remained fully embedded and whispered, "This is how I envisioned it would look if I ever fucked my mother. It feels so good. My mom gave birth to me and gifted me with a prick that would fill her pussy completely."
She was beyond groaning, more like gurgling. Her hips and thighs moved around, signaling her desire for a good, solid fuck from her son. I pulled back and slammed in hard, then again. Mesmerized by my hammering cock sliding in and out of my mother elevated my excitement level. Our freely flowing sex juices saturated our pubic hair. My prick was slathered with a white, frothy mixture of sex juices enabling it to slide effortlessly to the bottom of my mother's cunt.
Hypnotized by the erotic sight of my slick shaft stroking in and out of Mom's hot pussy, I fucked the love of my life harder than I had ever fucked anyone. Our pubic hair matched in color and mashed together on my forceful down strokes.
We neared our first mother-son climax. Mom's face remained hidden under the sheet while she clung to her fantasy of incest, her way of dealing with our sinful copulation. I lowered down and merged our sweaty bodies. Her hands wrapped around my back, hugging me tightly. Unlike our hugs in the past, there was no silk nightie separating us. Our hot, naked flesh melded together, and my excitement was at an all-time high, knowing this was my mother. My hands traveled up her back, landing on her shoulders.
Pulling me tight to her hot body, she wrapped her legs around me, attempting to fill her hungry snatch with more of her son's cock. Her pussy shivered with micro-orgasms while we fucked like rutting animals. Her hard nipples drilled into my chest. The only sounds louder than our gasping were the sloshing noises of our incestuous coupling.
Using her shoulders to pull her into me, I plunged my steel rod into her hungry pussy, smashing my spongy head against her back wall, causing my mother to gasp and groan on each stroke. I slowed my pace and allowed our excitement levels to decrease. With her hands on my back, I took the opportunity to remove the pillow from her head. She enjoyed our joining so much that she didn't even notice that only the sheet separated us now.
Moving my hands down her back, I gripped her ass cheeks, using them to increase the penetration depth of my hard drill. I fucked her hard when I leaned close to her sheet-covered head to compliment her. "You have a beautiful ass. It reminds me of my mother. She let me hold it, and I have never been so hard. I dream of fucking my mother every day. I love her but have been afraid to tell her."
She had a hard time breathing, gulping air with each stroke. Her fingernails lodged deep in my back, holding me tight. I was ready to cum, and I knew how I wanted our first mating to finish. I moved one hand to the sheet and exclaimed, "I'm ready to cum now. My balls will fill your hot pussy full of sperm like I've dreamed of doing to my mother. My fantasy fucking with my mother includes kissing her luscious mouth while I fill her with hot sperm."
I pushed the sheet up, revealing her beautiful face. Her eyes clenched shut, unaware that her face was visible, her wide-open mouth gasping for air. I lowered and kissed her moist, full lips. Our tongues battled and fought, our lust consuming us. Mom sensed my prick expanding, causing her to pull off my mouth and shriek from the intense pleasure.
I wailed, "I've wanted you for so long. Your pussy is hot and tight. I'm going to fill my mother's pussy with cum."
Mom spoke for the first time screaming, "Yes, honey! I love you! Fuck me hard and fill your horny mother full!"
We locked our mouths together while the first glob of sperm shot up the length of my prick. When it splattered Mom's insides, her walls slammed tight around my hard cock.
Her body shook while she screamed into my mouth as her body released her reservoir of endorphin, firing off her pleasure centers. I slammed in again, depositing another load of sperm in her pussy. Every muscle in her body contracted when she climaxed again, experiencing the long-anticipated fuck. Her body convulsed in pleasure while her eyes rolled back in her head, air gushing from her lungs.
I concentrated on pumping my cock in deeply through her orgasm. Suddenly, her body went limp, and her contractions stopped while I unloaded my payload of sperm. After several more strokes, I collapsed on Mom, exhausted from our first incestuous coupling.
Recovering from my sexual bliss, I noticed no movement from Mom. I rose on my elbows to look at her face and observed no signs of life. Waves of panic set in while I thought of what to do. The woman I loved was lifeless beneath me.
I tried to find a pulse in her arm but wasn't sure where to look. I pinched her nostrils and lowered my mouth to hers, attempting resuscitation. After gently blowing several breaths into her lungs, her breasts heaved, and her eyes popped open. She exhaled her air back into my mouth.
I pulled back, thankful for her recovery. Relieved that she appeared perfectly healthy, I covered her neck and face with kisses.
"Damn, Mom. I thought I killed you. You were so still that I panicked. You scared me."
Giggling, she said, "Relax, honey. I briefly passed out from my intense orgasm. I've never had one that strong. I've been craving this for so long that I couldn't control myself when I released my pent-up emotions. I've never felt so much pleasure at once."
My semi-hard prick remained lodged in her cum-filled pussy. She moved her hips in a circular motion resulting in squishing sounds from her saturated cunt.
"Looks like I was out for the best part. You filled your mother," she seductively said while she stroked my back and pulled me in for a kiss.
"Honey, you didn't call emergency and tell them to come quick because you fucked your mother to death, did you?"
I snickered and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "No, I didn't have enough time. That would have been hard to explain."
"How did you know it was me? You knew from the start, didn't you?"
"Your legs, Mom. You've been flaunting them by me forever. I have every inch of your beautiful flesh memorized. You don't know the number of times I've jerked off fantasizing about you."
"So you like your old mom's legs, do you?"
"Your legs, your ass, your tits, your tight pussy. I love your smile, your laughter, and the sexy way you walk. I am happiest when we're together. I've wanted to make love to you for a long time. You don't know how close you've come to getting raped during the last week."
"I'm sorry if I teased you the last couple of days. I wasn't sure if you had the same physical emotions for me as I did for you. I didn't want to ruin our relationship, and I had to make certain," Mom purred while gently caressing my back.
She added, "And it wouldn't have been rape. It would have been a blessing. I hoped one of my skimpy nighties would prompt you to act."
After sliding my softening prick out to move my weight off her, she quickly pulled me to her and hugged me tightly.
"Please stay with me. I want to feel your skin against mine. Let me savor the moment of my young, strong man on top of me."
While our hot bodies meshed together in post-coital bliss, we gently caressed each other's bodies. I felt her forest of cum-soaked pussy hair rubbing against my trapped, semi-hard prick. We kissed and talked for the next ten minutes during our recovery.
Her arms ran over my ass and squeezed my buns. She moved her hips in a slow sexy circular motion before humping up, increasing the pressure on my prick nestled in her wet forest. When life purged back into my spent cock, I realized how lucky I was to have such a mother committed to sexually pleasing her son. Bringing my hands to her full breasts, I caressed and massaged her meaty globes.
Mom pleaded, "Sweetie, fuck me again. I want to enjoy my son making love to me. Please?"
"I love you, Mom. I'd do anything for you. Let's make our first night together memorable. Something we'll never forget."
I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue battling hers. Moving my hands to her nipples, I tweaked and twisted her sensitive buds, elevating her excitement level.
While I played with her luscious mounds, she reached down and stroked my slick, cum-coated shaft. She pulled my large, mushroom-shaped head into the mouth of her pussy and humped up to embed my prick in her hot canal.
I slowly stroked in and out of her wet pussy, embellishing the sensations of her velvety slot. My cock experienced little friction due to the lubricating cum left over from our first coupling. Locked deep in her pussy, I rose. Raising her knees, she reached up and pulled them tight to her chest.
While I pushed her legs, my leverage increased while pounding her hungry pussy. Heavily panting, she humped up to meet my thrusts while I deep-fucked her. Her pussy found new life, squeezing my prick when I plowed in and out. I looked down at our groins, witnessing the sinfully incestuous act of a son ravaging his mother.
As if reading my mind, she yelled, "Stuff your mother's cunt with your gigantic cock. It feels like a baseball bat. Oh damn, fuck me hard!"
My cock, slathered with our cum, drilled her horny hole. Reaching down, I massaged her clit while my ram battered her hot box. She screamed in pleasure when I lightly squeezed her sensitive nub. I eased off her clit, letting her relax as I enjoyed the moment.
It was the highlight of my life, fucking my hot mother. She writhed on the bed beneath me and thrust her hips like a wild woman. Her breathing rate increased, and I wondered if she would pass out again.
Relishing in the sexual conquest of my mother increased my stimulation. Close to achieving another orgasm, I hoped I would last longer the second time, but this was my mother I was fucking. I pulled her feet back, bringing her knees to point straight up. I pushed them out to spread her pelvis wide open. I felt pressure on my prick from her pussy when I opened her up.
Holding her meaty thighs, I fucked her while she writhed in pleasure. I couldn't get enough of her smooth legs. I gripped a hunk of firm flesh and used it to pound her leaking pussy harder.
Lowering down to her body, I pressed my hard nipples onto hers as our lips met. Her mouth was open and ready. We fucked each other's mouths while we made love in the missionary position. She dug her nails in my back, signaling she was nearing orgasm again. I wrapped my arms around her to hold her tight.
"Sam. I'm ready to cum again. I love your giant, hard cock. It's driving me crazy. Fuck your mother hard. Fill me with your sticky sperm, you sweet Motherfucker!"
"God, Mom. I've waited so long for this. Your pussy is so tight and hot. I'm going to cum, Mommy!"
She hugged me and wrapped her legs around my waist, elevating her pussy to meet my powerful thrusts. Groaning in pleasure, she deeply exhaled each time my fat head slammed against the back of her cavern.
"I love you, Mom!" I screamed while I fucked her hard. Her excited state prevented her from saying anything, continuously gasping for air.
We locked mouths while we committed our forbidden, incestuous coupling. My eyes stared deep into my mother's soul through her dark-chocolate eyes. They widened when more blood surged into the head of my prick. Panting into my mouth, her pupils dilated, her back arched, and her body shook while she climaxed. I pounded deep into her pussy, my balls spewing out any milky-white fluid left in my reservoir.
Her convulsing sheath trapped my erupting prick. Her spasms coincided with my orgasms, attempting to milk out any precious sperm from my balls.
After my final release, I continued to slowly fuck her, prolonging our incestuous sin. When I softened, I started to roll off her when she again hugged me tight to her. Our eyes locked together, cementing our deep love.
Her facial expression was an afterglow of blissful joy. She kissed me gently, saying, "I love you too. Thank you, sweetie. You're the best lover ever."
We gently caressed and consoled each other, committing our forbidden relationship while we revealed our innermost desires and feelings. Our love was on a higher plateau since we'd crossed the line that most mothers and sons act out privately in their fantasies.
After an hour of holding, caressing, and talking, Mom excused herself to go to the bathroom. When she returned, I did the same. I used a warm washcloth to clean off our sticky mixture of cum. Emerging from the bathroom, I wasn't sure if I should go to my room. Mom silently answered my question, holding the covers open and inviting me into her bed. I slid in, and we hugged each other, not for sex, but for love. We parted, and Mom rested her head on my chest. While I stroked her scalp, she fell into a deep sleep. I soon followed.
*****
When I awakened, fear struck me that last night's events had been a dream. Seeing Mom next to me sound asleep was a relief. It wasn't a fantasy in my mind. I had made love to my beautiful mother. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing Mom's sexy, nude body. Her breasts slowly heaved up and down while she remained sleeping restfully. Her pink nipples weren't engorged and full of blood like the previous night. I gently stroked her smooth stomach, lightly running my fingers over her ribcage, stopping to feel it rise and fall with her deep sleeping.
My hands roamed across her smooth stomach before spreading out my fingers to run through her mound of soft fur. Without stopping, I continued my light caressing down to her firm thighs, lightly squeezing her hot flesh. She moaned in pleasure while her breasts heaved. I hoped she was dreaming of our first fuck from the previous night.
Bringing my hand back to her smooth stomach, I explored higher across her hot and tight skin. I gently cupped her nearest mound, marveling at its firmness. I couldn't resist squeezing it while worshiping her beauty.
Mom's breathing quickened, and when I looked up, I noticed her staring at me, smiling seductively. She remained silent, contently watching her son caress her breasts. After her nipples filled with blood, she spoke. "Good morning. Do you like your mother's titties? You liked them when you were a child too."
I replied, "You bet, Mom. I could play with your breasts forever. It's a shame I can't remember them from infancy, but I can imagine I loved feeding on them. Your nipples are so sexy and inviting."
I leaned over and kissed her nearest engorged nub. Swirling my rough tongue around her tip, I gently latched onto her hard point. She brought her hands to the back of my head and held me in place while I fed on her succulent tit. I sucked hard on her taut and upright areole, resulting in her groaning loudly.
She gasped, "Oh, honey. That feels good. Suck your mother's tits and bite them, baby. Pull and twist my nipples. It's been too long since you nursed from me."
Locked onto her nearest nipple, I licked and lightly bit her sensitive bud. Moving my hand to her other breast, I massaged and squeezed her meaty tit. Gently holding her engorged nipple with my teeth, I pulled and teased her, causing her to moan and gasp. While I stretched her pinched nipple, I twisted her other nipple with my fingers.
When she humped her pelvis, I released her sensitive teat. Rolling over to meld with her sexy body, I kissed my mother.
It was a gentle closed-mouth kiss at first, a subtle, loving kiss. Mom changed the pace when she opened her mouth and attacked me with her tongue. We French-kissed with our naked bodies pressed together. We gasped for air, breathing fast while we made love with our mouths.
Backing off from our intimate kiss, I could see Mom's eyes were once again full of lust when she rolled us over until she was on top. She kissed her way down to my stomach. My prick was already a pillar of rock, rising out of my pubic hair. Still kissing her way down, she gripped my pole and slowly stroked up and down.
She rose and sat on my legs, facing me. Her hands explored my hairy thighs, bumping my full ball sack on each upstroke.
"You have such a sexy body, Sam. I've wanted to caress your legs as much as you've wanted to do to me." Continuing to rub up and down my thighs, she'd stop to grab a hunk of flesh, playfully pulling and squeezing it.
Bending down, she kissed her way up my hairy thigh until she reached my stiff pole. She lustfully looked up at me while seductively licking up and down my staff with her rough tongue. She hoarsely said, "Honey. It's been a while since I've sucked a prick, and such a giant one. As you said before, I made this beautiful cock."
Engulfing my fat head with her mouth, she swirled her tongue around my sensitive helmet. Descending my pole, she sucked hard on my staff. She held my balls and gently squeezed them while she fucked my rod with her hungry mouth. Her other hand gripped the bottom half of my prick, stroking up and down while her mouth fucked the top half of my pole. I wasn't going to last long.
"Damn, Mom. You suck cock good. Your mouth is unbelievable," I gasped, my voice cracking.
She'd bring me to the brink of orgasm before stopping, never releasing her mouth from my sensitive head. She looked at me with those round, brown eyes while feasting on my stiff shaft of flesh. It was difficult holding back my load while I watched my sexy mom perform such a sensual act.
Releasing my cock, she rose and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked each other with our tongues again. She lifted her pelvis, keeping her eyes locked with mine. Placing her hands on my shoulders to keep her balance, she crawled forward and positioned her hairy pussy over my shaft. She lowered her body, trapping my prick between our sweaty stomachs.
When my hand crept between our bodies to position my prick, she moved her head side-to-side, stopping me. When I halted, she slid her furry slit across my groin. It was a pelvic dance, mauling and shifting my prick around with her actions.
Lodging my shaft lengthwise into her slot, she ground up and down, scraping her raw pussy lips against my cock. Shifting lower, she rubbed my helmeted head against her clit. Leaving my tip smashed against her exposed clit, she moved in circles, stimulating her sensitive nub. She moaned and breathed rapidly.
Having enough stimulation on her clit, she pulled back, running my fat head up and down her slick slit. She sawed her pussy, to and fro, coating my shaft with slippery pussy juice. I thought she might climax without ever penetrating her. Still not using her hands, she inched forward, releasing my trapped prick. My shaft rose, freed from our smothering bodies. Before rising too far, Mom backed into it, inserting my cock head into the mouth of her hungry pussy.
Our eyes locked, and I could see the look of triumph when she managed to engulf my prick from the awkward position without help. She backed up until my cock was several inches in her tight, starved cunt. She rose while her hands grasped my stomach to keep my prick partway out of her snatch. She carefully lowered an inch before rising, allowing my size to stretch her tight channel.
After her pussy surrendered to my ram, she fucked my pole, increasing the amount of cock with each stroke.
Her expression was of total bliss while she slowly fucked me. Churning back and forth while pumping up and down, she scraped the sides of her pussy that screamed for attention. Pussy juice drenched my solid shaft, making it easier for her to lower down further. Raising back up, she stopped when my fat head was at the entrance of her clenching pussy. Looking down at me lustfully, she released my sides and fell until my balls smashed against her ass.
She squealed from pleasure when she bottomed out, rising again to plummet back down my shaft. Fucking me hard and fast, I thrust up on her down strokes, ramming my cock deeper into her cavern. Reaching out with my hands, I stroked her legs while she enjoyed being in control of our fuck.
She threw her head back and gasped for air, fucking her son as hard as she could. Juices from both of us flowed out of her hole while she fucked my slippery prick. Slowing her pumping, she lowered down, pushing her breasts in front of my face. Knowing what she desired, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her nearest breast into my waiting mouth.
I mauled her tit while she continued to fuck me. Constant deep guttural groans emanated from her. I captured her stiff nipple, squeezed it between my lips, and pulled hard as if milking it.
"God, yes. Suck Mommy's tits. You're fucking your horny mother good with your fat cock. I've fantasized about making love with you for a long time. Whenever you cum with me, I want to kiss you. I love you so much!"
My mother knew exactly how to please her son. She locked her mouth on mine while fucking me. I grabbed her ass and slammed into her pussy. My cock filled with blood making more contact as it scraped the walls of her pussy. A large payload of hot cum shot up my stem and out the tip.
Her pussy contracted on my prick while I deposited a large load of sticky sperm. After we were both spent, she lowered her body to mine. Neither of us spoke while we fought to breathe.
Her firm breasts squished out on the sides of our bodies while she rested. My hands caressed her sweaty, smooth back while she recovered from our morning fuck. She rested her head next to mine, nibbling on my ear while she caught her breath. Her hot air bathing my neck sent shivers through me. Her rapid breathing gradually calmed while she relaxed. We were content to say nothing, enjoying the close connection.
"Wow, Mom. What a way to begin a day. What do you say we stay in bed until lunch?" Running my hands down her lower back, I cupped her rounded ass and squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I wondered how many times I could fuck my mom in one day. Visions of different positions flashed through my mind when Mom brought me back to reality when she softly spoke.
"I'd love to, and we will do that one of these days but not today. We have a full schedule ahead of us. We have a client at one in the afternoon. Then we're going to take your aunt out to the movies and dinner and have one more appointment at eight tonight."
Unable to contain my surprise, I exclaimed, "Mom, that's an aggressive plan. Do you want me to be with other women now? You're the only one I want. Why don't we tell Sharon we don't want to take on more clients?"
She giggled and kissed me before explaining. "First off, Sharon doesn't have anything to do with it. She was my first customer. I interviewed the other women at their houses."
After processing Mom's revelation, I realized she had sent me to Sharon's to give her a baby. This whole time I thought this was Sharon's grand plan. Someone else might have felt used, but I felt nothing but love and admiration for my mother. Everything she did was for my benefit.
"Concerning other women, I think it's healthy for you to have other relationships," Mom explained. "There was a reason why our clients gave large bonuses. You're not only a wonderful lover, but you know how to make a woman feel special. I know firsthand how much pleasure a woman can feel with you. I want to share that with other women. The icing on the cake is your college expenses are getting paid."
She smirked and added, "You only have to promise you'll sleep with me at night and sexually take care of me. Although, as much as we're going to be fucking, I won't be able to afford to pay what I charge others."
Her sexy smile and talk regarding our future together stirred my prick, but I had to save it for our client in a few hours. When she lifted her body off mine, our skin, bonded together by heat and sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. We chuckled at the sound it made while we separated.
We rose out of bed to dress and have breakfast. I slipped on my robe, and when Mom started to put on hers, I pleaded, "Mom, would you mind wearing your blue nightie through breakfast? It's something I look forward to each morning."
She dropped her robe, joy spreading across her face. "Oh no, sweetie. I've had that old nightie for far too long. It isn't proper attire for a mother to parade around in."
Seeing my disappointment, she giggled while she walked to her closet. I was ready to close my robe and leave when I heard her say, "I've been saving this one for you. Do you think this is more appropriate for a mother to wear around her horny son?"
She walked out of her closet wearing a different nightie. She sexily strutted to the edge of the bed, turned slowly, and displayed her new attire.
It was the same style and color as her other nightie, but the material was translucent. It was sheer enough to see everything underneath. It enhanced her beauty more than I thought possible. When she turned to the side, her hard, pink nipples pushed out the top, and her full rounded breasts were visible, showing no signs of sagging.
She turned to face me, placing her hands on her waist, causing her nightie to tighten against her nipples. I stared at her beautifully toned bare thighs, then traveled up to admire her hairy pussy, barely hidden beneath the thin fabric. Her facial expression was a mix of seeking approval with one of lust.
Scanning her beautiful body, my cock quickly filled with blood and poked out the front of my robe, pointing to its prey it desired to attack. Her eyes traveled to my hard cock, and she no longer looked like she needed approval. Her face changed to one of sexual craving.
When she ran her hands up to her breasts over the smooth fabric, she huskily said, "Well, it looks like someone appreciates my newest purchase. The material is silk and feels good too. Come here and see for yourself."
I walked to her and held her tight, running my hands over the thin silky material, caressing her sexy body.
"You're so beautiful, Mom. You turn me on whenever I look at you. Anything you wear makes me hot," I said, kissing her passionately. I squeezed her thinly covered breasts, twisting her engorged nipples. She pushed my robe off my shoulders and wrapped her fingers around my hard, throbbing cock. I lowered my hands below her nightie to hold her firm ass. She panted while passionately kissing me.
She murmured, "Oh, honey. I love it that you get aroused by me. You've awakened my sexual lust, and I adore your wonderful cock. I love what you're doing to me, but we should eat breakfast and prepare for our next client."
Instead of releasing my cock, she stroked it while her kissing intensified. With my hands still holding her firm buns, I coaxed her backward. Lowering her down, I positioned her on the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs, causing her nightie to rise and expose her hairy, wet gash. I walked into her, shoving my rock-hard prick into her welcoming snatch. I couldn't believe I was fucking my beautiful mother again, and it felt as great as the first time.
My stiff shaft pistoned in and out of her hairy hole. Her breasts flopped up and down beneath the thin nightie while I bottomed out forcefully each time. With her legs on my shoulders, she incoherently muttered phrases of pleasure while I continued to ravish her body in an attempt to release my pent-up sexual lust. Concentrated on our incestuous coupling, we could care less about any client today. We followed our primal animal instincts to fuck as no mother and son should be doing.
She chanted while I drove my ram into her oily hole. "Fuck me hard. Love me and fuck me like a true Motherfucker."
I pounded her horny pussy until I neared my orgasm. With my shaft fully embedded in her cavern, I stopped stroking to allow our excitement levels to lower. We locked eyes while our groins mashed together. Moving her legs off my shoulders, she wrapped them around my waist. With a lustful look, she opened her arms, inviting me to her hot body. A clear invitation from a mother wanting her son to finish fucking her. It was an offering I wasn't going to pass up.
I lowered down to her nightie-clad torso and kissed her open mouth. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight while my expanding prick stretched her pussy walls. Holding onto her ass, I jack-hammered my mother's pussy. While we kissed, we locked eyes, continuing to enjoy the spontaneous and exciting coupling. Looking into each other's souls, we communicated our intense love. Her beautiful, brown eyes widened, signaling her impending orgasm.
She groaned in my mouth and battled my tongue. Her pussy squeezed my shaft, resulting in my powerful contraction. I pounded into her at a feverish pace while we experienced our intense orgasms. Inserted fully, I released her mouth to suck in a deep breath. I rested my head beside hers while we enjoyed the aftermath of our sinful copulation.
After she licked the outer lobes of my ear, she whispered, "Sam, I think I better wear my robe, or we won't make it out of our bedroom."
My heart skipped a beat when she said our bedroom. It was confirmation that we were a loving couple, committed to each other. We had shattered the morally accepted boundaries of a mother-son relationship.
I caressed her nightie-clad back and murmured, "I can't help it, Mom. You're so sexy. I want to be with you every minute of the day. Your body excites me as no other woman can." I kissed her sensuously, then pulled out, allowing a stream of mixed cum to pour out of her saturated pussy. True to her word, she wore her robe, but it didn't deter me from lustfully staring at her body while she gracefully glided around the kitchen.
We quickly finished breakfast and retired to the living room. We still had a couple of hours to kill before our client showed up, allowing us to snuggle on the couch. I was afraid I wouldn't recover in time, but sitting close to Mom ignited my lust. Mom's hand went through the front of my robe to lightly hold my semi-hard prick. She probably had the same concerns about whether I'd be able to perform after our morning bout of sex.
Lightly squeezing my shaft, she apprehensively spoke. "Sam, I've had this rule with my clients that there would be no refunds or repeats, even if the process proved unsuccessful. One client has been persistent, and I felt sorry for the poor girl. I agreed, even before she offered to double the original amount. It wasn't the money that swayed my mind; I wanted to make her happy. Our appointment with her is at one."
My mind raced through the women trying to figure out who it was. Since she said girl, it must be one of the two younger ones. Before I could concentrate further, she acknowledged, "It was the lady from two days ago. Her body was covered and hidden, except for her beautiful face and silky, black hair."
It was indeed my lucky day; she described Snow White. Images of her black bush contrasting against her smooth, white skin flashed through my mind. My shaft pulsed, signaling my excitement.
Mom still had her hand wrapped around my prick and felt it come alive. She bleated, "Should I be jealous of this girl? It looks like you have some special feelings for her."
"She was charming, Mom, but you're still the love of my life," I said, trying to put her at ease.
She smiled and leaned in to lightly kiss me, no hint of jealousy, looking pleased with her son's happiness.
At the designated time, I retreated to my room to wait for the arrival of Snow White. I sat on my bed nude, displaying my semi-hard cock, waiting for Mom's entrance. She strolled in wearing her robe, and I instantly hardened, rising and hugging her, ending with an erotic kiss. She wrapped her hands around my manhood and stressed, "Let's save this for our client. Hopefully, you'll be successful today. Good luck, honey. Don't forget your aunt is coming over at three."
There was no reason to wear my robe anymore. I marched down the stairs to our room nude, my stiff prick swaying back and forth. Once I entered, I noticed a change in the positioning of the woman. The sheet covered her, but it was high, like she was on her knees praying, her back pushing up the sheet.
I remembered how nervous she was our first time. While uncovering her, I said, "I'm glad you returned. I can't wait to feel your beautiful skin again." When I shoved the sheet up, she extended her body forward and raised her ass into the air. My prick jerked when I realized she wanted it doggy style. Maybe she thought this would be a better method to impregnate her.
Her long, pure white leg flesh accented her black, hairy pussy. She widened her legs, exposing her already wet gash, ready for an infusion of sperm. Hard as a rock, I moved up and stroked her lily-white meat.
Her skin was hot and firm to the touch, burning my fingers. I took my time running my hands up and down her smooth thighs. The sides of my hands bumped against her furry slit each time I went to the top. Her sweet pussy scent emanated from her sex, anticipating my fat cock stretching her tight channel.
Reluctantly releasing my hands from her firm thighs, my aching cock demanded I proceed. Placing my mushroom-shaped head onto the puffy outer lips of her pussy, I rolled it around, lubricating it with her flowing juices. No more foreplay was warranted; I jabbed my prick deep into her throbbing pussy.
Moaning in the pillow while my prick descended to the bottom, she shrieked in pleasure when my engorged head slammed against her back wall. Her pussy contracted while she experienced her first orgasm. Holding my prick lodged deep, I stroked her sides and legs, allowing her to recover from her fast climax. No sounds came from her while she fought to catch her breath.
I enjoyed the quiet moment, caressing her smooth flesh. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make love to her like an average couple, kissing her as we made love. "Take your time, baby. We'll take it as slow as you want. I could fuck you all night."
A long groan broke her silence when she moved her hips forward and back, fucking herself on my pole. She was ready for another round; I was determined to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me. Gripping her hips, I fucked her hard.
The angle of my piercing lance caused her pleasure centers to fire off when I bumped and scraped against her tight pussy walls. We fucked hard for ten minutes, concentrating on pleasing each other. Wanting this session to last longer to enjoy her body faded away when I neared my orgasm. My prick serviced her sensitive pussy while I reached up and kneaded her swaying tits. I squeezed them hard and twisted her nipples between my fingers. Her rapid breathing and loud moaning were the only sounds coming from under the sheet.
Her second orgasm unexpectedly occurred when her pussy suddenly clamped down on my invading prick. Hearing her scream into the pillow, a stream of hot cum shot up through my stem, causing the tip of my cock to explode. A load of hot seed spurt out, bathing the back of her pussy. Each blast of hot cum I shot into her resulted in another contraction from her convulsing cavern.
I slowly fucked her after our mutual orgasms finished, relishing in the blissful connection we had just shared. Crestfallen that the session was already over, I hoped we weren't successful again.
Both of us breathed hard and fast while we recovered from the intense fuck. Panting, I managed to spout, "You are so sexy. I know it's selfish of me, but in a way, I hope you're not pregnant again."
I pulled out, leaving her ass uncovered while I backed up. My eyes traveled from her cum-filled pussy down her creamy smooth thighs to her delicate feet.
The sheet went flying off. Suddenly, Snow White flipped around and flopped onto the bed. Still staring at her legs, she spoke in a sexy French accent. "No hope is necessary. I'm pretty sure you impregnated me last session. This time was for you."
I recognized her voice. I quickly looked up. "Monica?"
"Yes, Sam. Come to me, my love," she cooed, her arms open. I lowered down to her, melding my body to hers.
She stroked my scalp while memories flashed back to me.
*****
It was my last year in our old neighborhood. I loved walking back and forth to the school, located a mile from our house. Each day my route passed by a preschool halfway between our home and my school.
On one of those days, I ran across a couple of bullies teasing and tormenting a young girl outside the preschool. I broke it up and continued to walk home. I noticed the girl they harassed followed me for a few blocks before I lost sight of her.
Days after this incident, the same girl would wait by the school for me to pass and then follow me. I didn't think anything of it; she was probably using me to stop the kids from picking on her. After a couple of weeks of this routine, I noticed she went up a walkway to a large house with large bushes on both sides. One day when I walked by, I spotted a woman wearing Muslim attire inside the entrance of the hidden walkway. When I passed, she quietly whispered, "Excuse me, Sir. Could I talk to you?"
I stopped, unsure if she would accuse me of trying to lure the girl or what. I uneasily responded, "Um, sure. Anything wrong?"
"Please follow me, and I'll explain," she said as she went up to the house and waited for the girl and me to enter. After we were inside, she removed the covering on her head, revealing her beautiful face. She told her daughter to sit at the table with me. She had a French accent, unlike what I expected from her attire.
She introduced herself as Monica and her daughter as Camila before she went to the kitchen and brought out a plate of warm cookies and two glasses of milk. She set them down in front of us and sat opposite us at the table.
Camila picked up a cookie and devoured it. Monica smiled and told me she was grateful for me protecting her daughter. Kids harassed her because they knew she was a child of a Muslim family. Her French accent intrigued me while I listened to her talk. When Camila finished, Monica told her to go to her room and play.
After taking a bite out of the delicious cookie, I felt a bump on my leg. Looking down, I eyed a beautiful, short-haired, black cat walking around my legs. I lifted the friendly kitty off the floor and placed her on my lap. She curled and purred while I petted her. I knew where to scratch her neck and head to give her the attention she wanted.
I asked, "And who is this cute girl? I love cats. Her fur is soft and sleek."
Monica smiled wide and said, "Her name is Dinah. She likes a lot of attention. My husband hates cats."
That was the first indication she wasn't on board with her marriage. She kept a cat her husband hated, and the cat's name was of Jewish origin. That couldn't have set well with her Muslim husband.
Unwilling to further explain the details concerning her cat, she informed me she wanted to thank me earlier, but her husband was home, and she couldn't talk to another man with him present. He was doing business in the Middle East now; she seized the opportunity to thank me.
She originated from France and married her wealthy husband at eighteen when she was pregnant with Camila. She admitted she was naive and easily influenced by the prestige and money afforded her. Even though their love was brief, she remained with him, honoring her obligation. She wasn't religious, but she made an effort to observe some of the Muslim rules to satisfy her husband.
We talked for over an hour, getting acquainted with each other. Marrying young to a wealthy Middle Eastern businessman allowed her to attend private colleges. I found her to be intelligent and educated while we discussed our lives. She inquired about my studies, and we talked at length. She was witty and injected humor into our conversation, causing us to laugh through much of our talk. Sex didn't enter my mind while I connected with the highly educated and charming young lady.
For the next six months, we met dozens of times on my walks home when her husband was out of town. We spent hours together, giggling and talking, while I pampered Dinah with my affection. I enjoyed the time with Monica, feeling at ease with her pleasant demeanor. I looked forward to walking home, hoping she'd be waiting for me. Her daughter still kept her distance, following me home each day.
Concerned that Camila might mention my visits to her father, I asked Monica whether there would be a problem if her daughter disclosed my visits. She told me her husband never wanted a daughter and wouldn't talk or listen to her. She isolated Camila from him as much as possible, and they were experts at keeping secrets.
She never uncovered more than the fabric on her head, meaning I couldn't see her beautiful body concealed beneath. We became best friends, probably the strangest and most secret friendship in town. That was the hard part when Mom mentioned we were moving after graduation.
Monica and I decided we wouldn't keep in touch through email or letters in the chance she might get caught. We teared up during our final visit as we knew we wouldn't see each other again. I didn't tell Mom about Monica, even when she questioned why I was depressed for the first few months after we relocated.
*****
Monica brought me back from my memories, bringing me up to date with her life. Her husband divorced her six months ago, desiring a younger wife and one that would provide him with a son. He left Monica with the house, a large sum of money, and Camila before he moved back to the Middle East.
She was more than happy with the arrangement. She wanted another child and wanted the father to be intelligent and sensitive. She loved our talks together and wanted her child to inherit my traits. When she heard the details of our business through her wealthy friends, she seized the opportunity to conceive a baby with me.
She thought she would be content once our first session had finished. She was hesitant to reconnect with me for the sole purpose of getting pregnant. That's why she concealed herself through our first coupling. After our initial rendezvous, she wanted to marry the lust we shared during our sexual liaison with the emotional relationship we had enjoyed previously. She decided to reveal herself this time, and I couldn't have been happier.
We talked for over an hour, connecting again. We explored each other as if we hadn't felt a nude body before. I didn't tell Monica I was in love with her. Maybe I hadn't fallen out of love during our earlier time together. Better take it slow, I thought, chuckling to myself. The definition of a slow courtship probably didn't mean madly fucking, and then dating afterward.
I rolled on top of her, and we kissed like lovers. Our tongues explored our mouths while we fought to press our bodies together as one. I was hard again and wanted to make love to this woman. We locked eyes when I guided my stiff prick into her wet, receptive hole.
I caressed her full breasts while I sunk my cock to the depths of her hungry cunt. We fucked as lovers, caressing each other while we enjoyed the stimulation of my cock smoothly gliding in and out of her pussy. We kissed and hugged each other, enjoying the contact of our hot, sweaty bodies. Her body melted into mine as I attempted to satisfy her sex-starved cunt.
Increasing the pace of our fuck, I furiously stroked in and out of her tight snatch. We mashed our mouths together as our sexual liaison intensified.
Barely able to talk, I gushed, "You are so hot and sexy. I loved our time together in the past, and now we're joined completely. I'm not letting you go again." I again locked my mouth to hers as we neared a mutual orgasm.
As my prick expanded with hot blood signaling my impending orgasm, she released my mouth to huskily shriek, "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like I'm your mom! Fill my pussy as you do with your mother's."
Images of Mom and I fucking flashed through my mind, blood pouring into my expanding shaft. My balls contracted before they shot out the reservoir of hot sperm generated in the last hour. Her body shivered and shook as we enjoyed our synchronized orgasms.
Drained from our intense love-making session, I left my prick soaking in her drenched cunt, enjoying the moment of post-coital bliss. I broke the silence by softly asking, "You know? About my mother?"
"Of course, I know. Your mother is beautiful and sexy. You're a horny and handsome son; it was inevitable. She's so hot that I wouldn't mind spending some intimate time with her. And if you were my son, I would have fucked you long ago. She is a lucky mother to have a hunky, horny son."
I was still embedded in her soaked pussy while listening to her. I slowly pulled out when I softened, kissing her as we parted. I looked at the clock and realized we had been together far too long. Rachel was coming over in half an hour.
"I'm sorry, Monica, but I have to end our session because my aunt is visiting in a few minutes. I'll tell Mom to reimburse you. You're more than a client to me."
"Stop right there, Sam," Monica stated. "You won't tell your mother anything of the kind. We'll keep meeting until we zero your college debts."
We talked for several more minutes before I stood up to leave. When I looked at Monica's beautiful sexy body with my cum drooling out of her pussy an idea formed. I asked, "Did you mean it when you said you would like to be with my mom?"
"Oh yea, she is so sexy. I would love to explore her body," she lustfully stammered.
I lifted her knees and spread her legs wide so that when Mom entered the room, she'd see Monica's black, hairy pussy dripping out ropes of white semen. "Stay like this; I have a feeling you're in for a treat," I said when I felt my cock stir, admiring her sexy display.
As I was leaving, she quietly pleaded, "Sam, could we get together again, like on a date? I've missed you so much. I'll understand if you don't want to be involved with a woman bringing children into the relationship."
Seeing her fearful expression, I walked over to her and kissed her sensuously, promising, "I'd love nothing more than to see you again. We'll go out often, and Mom will be happy to babysit Camila and Dinah. I've missed you, too." Her look of fear turned to an expression of joy while she pondered our future.
I left the door open while I walked down the hall, meeting Mom at the end. When we met, I hugged and passionately kissed her. She reached down and clutched my cum soaked prick. She scraped the sides while pulling her hand along the length of my shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She smiled and jested, "I love the taste of your cum, but I hope you left some in our client. I'd hate for you to have to do another repeat."
I quickly replied, "No worries, Mom. She wasn't here for a baby. She came back for me."
She looked taken aback. "I think I am jealous now. She paid for another session just to fuck my son?"
"Relax, Mom. We're old friends, and I'm very attracted to her." I reached into her robe with one hand and teased her hard, engorged nipple while kissing her again. My other hand went through the opening in her robe in search of her hairy pussy. When I pushed three fingers into her wet slot, I said, "Mom, even if I love other women, we'll still be here for each other. There is nothing stronger than the love of a mother and son. It's a special bond, separate from other relationships."
We kissed again, and I could see the love in her eyes, acknowledging the sinful relationship we'd always have. I removed my hands so she could meet Monica. Ending my kiss, I whispered, "After all, you don't want to be mad at your future daughter-in-law, do you?"
Her panting was still rapid from the short time we connected. She kissed me in return and said, "I hope you've found a girl who can provide you with the love you deserve. That would make me the happiest mother ever."
When I left for my room, I quipped, "Mom, since you like my cum so much, I don't think our client would mind sharing." I stayed at the bottom of the stairs while Mom skipped down the hall to meet Monica. She entered our bedroom, and seconds later, her robe flew out the door, landing on the hallway floor. I heard her screech, "Sam left such a mess here. Let me clean you up." Sounds of sexual pleasure emanated from our room while I went upstairs to take my shower.
When I finished drying off, I looked out the window and noticed Rachel walking down the sidewalk half a block away. It had taken longer than I thought with Monica, and my aunt was arriving early. I quickly dressed and ran down the stairs to Mom's room. Monica and Mom were eating each other's hairy cunts, in the throes of sexual oral bliss.
"Mom, Rachel is arriving early. I'll keep her in the garden while you two finish." No acknowledgment came from either woman while they concentrated on their sexual bonding.
I ran outside and met Rachel as she neared the front door. Interlocking arms, I escorted her to the garden around the side of our house. Stalling for time, I walked her through the beds, telling her our plans for each. I managed to waste twenty minutes when my aunt looked up and saw movement in the house. "Who's the woman with your mom? I haven't seen her before."
I replied, "Oh, she's a friend Mom had over. It looks like they're running late. We'll be ready to go to the movies and dinner as planned. Don't worry; it'll just be my favorite two ladies with me tonight."
She smiled, and we walked up to the house to wait. Minutes later, Mom returned and greeted us with a sexy smile. Her Hawaiian floral dress looked fabulous on her. It was shorter than usual, and it was obvious she wore no bra, her pointy nipples pushing out the thin fabric. She looked stunning, and Rachel looked surprised when she gazed at Mom's exquisite beauty.
She stared intently at my mother's provocative, sexy dress but didn't mention anything while we walked to the car. We decided on dinner first as we were hungry. My attention focused on Mom's hard nipples poking out the thin material. I felt guilty ignoring my sexy aunt. Her blue lace bra was visible under her tight, sheer blouse, and I wondered if Mom had informed her my favorite lingerie color was blue.
The hostess at the restaurant greeted us and said, "Hi, Melissa. Glad to see you again. I'll seat you in a nice booth."
"Thanks, Lisa. We'll be right behind you," Mom replied.
Lisa walked us to a secluded booth at the end of a long room. Mom and I sat on one side while Rachel sat opposite us. When Mom slid in, her dress slid up, revealing her sexy thighs. Sitting down, I noticed the table was far enough away from the seat, enabling me to see Mom's bare legs. Thankfully, Rachel couldn't see anything from her position.
As soon as Lisa left, I asked, "Mom, how do you know her? Do you come here often?"
"I met her here a couple of months ago. She's a good server, and I enjoy my visits with her. She's very nice and friendly. You'll like her."
Before I could ask any more questions, Lisa arrived to take our orders. She remained at our table, engaging us in a friendly conversation. Lisa was tall and very thin. I doubt if she broke a hundred on the scales, but she had toned muscles and didn't look unhealthily thin.
Her casual talking transitioned to flirting as if she were competing with the two beautiful women accompanying me. Mom and Rachel encouraged her flirtations while Lisa twirled the ends of her short, light-brown, silky hair. I noticed her stealing glimpses of Mom's exposed thighs. All too soon, she departed to place our order.
I lustfully stared at her long legs while she walked away. She wore the same skirt as the other servers, but due to her height, it looked a lot shorter. She wore her belt higher also, probably because she knew how to flaunt her best asset. I'm sure she received large tips from showing off her long, lithe legs. Her breasts hid beneath her blouse, but I surmised they were small, enabling her to go braless. She looked like the girls I'd date at school because she had the same facial features as Mom and my aunt.
When she left, Rachel said, "My, she's cute, and I believe she has a crush on your son, Melissa."
My face flushed while Mom moved over close to me, wrapping her arm around me as if consoling me. She jokingly scorned Rachel. "Now stop it, Sis. You're embarrassing my poor son. Besides, I think he prefers older women."
"Is it true, Sam? You like the more experienced woman?" my aunt piped, sexily looking at me.
Thinking briefly of telling her how I love fucking my horny mom, I decided against it and ended our discussion. "You two need to stop it. A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell."
They both smiled, and Rachel excused herself to go to the restroom. When she was out of earshot, I took the time to admire Mom's sexy body. "Jesus, Mom. You reek of sex. I want to take you home and devour you. Rachel was impressed too. Did you see the way she stared at you?"
"I have a lot of outfits I can't wait to try on for you. I think Rachel believes she's the only sexy slut in the family. She's probably jealous because you're looking at me more than her. I wonder what she'd think if she knew I'm not wearing panties, either."
Openly leering at her sexy, bare thighs, I lustfully said, "She is quite the looker, much like her sister."
Mom reached over, clenched my pants, and bent my stiff prick while jokingly remarking, "Watch it, buster, Rachel is my baby sister. Behave yourself."
Seeing her sister returning, she released my prick and whispered, "But not too much."
Mom and Rachel immediately engaged in conversation, and I wondered if Mom was aware of Rachel's hard nipples poking out the material of her blouse. Obviously, she had removed her bra in the bathroom. I wondered if she was competing with Mom or Lisa.
Feeling Mom's legs bumping against me was confirmation she also noticed Rachel's display. Grabbing my cloth napkin, I moved it below the table and placed it on my leg. I reached over and slid my hand up and down Mom's exposed leg. When my hand ventured higher, I felt the heat from her groin when my hand stopped at her closed thighs.
While still immersed in her discussion with Rachel, she moved her left leg over, allowing me access to her hairy treasure. I slowly ran my hand under her skirt to the top of her luscious thigh. The side of my hand stopped when it hit her mound of fur. Putting pressure on her pussy, I sawed up and down her slit with the edge of my hand. She squirmed on the seat and managed to bring her pussy up for easier access. I ran my fingers up and down her outer lips, causing her juices to flow.
I inserted two fingers into her steaming snatch; she moved her left hand under the table. Thinking she would shoe me away from her hairy mound, I was surprised to see her pull her skirt up to her waist, exposing her pelvis. Her hand returned to the top of the table while she engaged Rachel in conversation. It was the perfect cover for me to play with Mom's pussy. I buried another finger into her wet hole and massaged her sensitive walls.
I had my hand upside down in an uncomfortable position while I played with her pussy. I couldn't stroke in and out as my arm would move, alerting Rachel. Moving my fingers around her leaking pussy, I stimulated it as if I were fucking her. She struggled with breathing while she talked to her sister, and her voice cracked when I ran my fingers over her engorged clit.
She neared her climax when I noticed Lisa arriving with a large serving tray. When Lisa placed Rachel's plate in front of her, I began sliding my fingers out of Mom's excited pussy to allow her to lower her skirt. Her hand quickly landed on mine, guiding my fingers back down to the depths of her clasping channel.
She held my hand in her pussy, covering mine and her mound of hair. Lisa placed my plate in front of me, and I could see her staring at our hands clamped tight to Mom's pussy. She picked up Mom's plate and leaned hard into me, squashing her soft tit into my shoulder, muttering, "Pardon my reach." She slowly placed Mom's plate down, her eyes locked onto our erotic display. Mom's gaze fixated on Lisa's expression, gauging her reaction to our wanton, sexual exhibition.
Lisa lingered, smiled wide, pulled back, and asked us if we needed anything else. As she turned to leave, Mom stuttered, "Lisa, would you mind grinding some fresh pepper on my pasta?" Mom leaned back, moved her hand away from mine, and shoved it under her ass, enabling her to push her pussy up, making the display even more erotic.
Lisa smiled wide, retrieved the pepper mill, and leaned over to comply with Mom's request. While she pushed her breast into my shoulder, Mom sexily smiled and observed Lisa, who was intently staring at Mom's pussy, stuffed full of my fingers. With Lisa's eyes locked onto Mom's groin, I moved my wet, slick fingers out and then back to the bottom of his pussy.
I glanced over at Rachel, fearing she would see Lisa mesmerized at our exhibition but relieved when I noticed her concentrating on her plate of pasta.
"That's probably enough pepper," I said. Lisa stopped cranking the shaker but lingered to stare at Mom's voyeuristic display. Her breath was short and rapid when she backed up and asked us if there was anything else we needed. Mom told her we were good and thanked her for the fantastic service.
Lisa sexily smiled, turned, and walked away. I intensified my attack on Mom's pussy, knowing it would be overly suspicious if I left my left hand under the table for much longer. While Mom ate her peppery entree, I mauled her sensitive pussy. Her face flushed, and her pussy pulsated in anticipation of a climax. Moving my forefinger and thumb up to the top of her slit, I rolled and squeezed her slick, engorged clit. Stroking it as she would do to my prick, I soon felt her orgasm commence.
She shrieked when her pussy shook and let loose a flood of juices, cumming on my intruding hand. Rachel looked up, saw Mom's flushed face, and exclaimed, "Melissa, are you feeling okay? You look like you're burning up."
Mom grabbed her glass of water, took a few big gulps, and managed to spout, "Maybe too much pepper at once. I'm okay now." Satisfied with her sister's answer, Rachel resumed eating. I removed my hand from Mom's soaked pussy, wiping my fingers off my napkin. After I moved my soiled cloth over to Mom's leaking slit, her hand came down to take over. After cleaning up her juices, Mom placed my soaked napkin on my leg and moved her skirt back down. Mom and Rachel continued talking as if nothing had happened. When we finished eating, I reached down and brought my napkin up to my face as if I were wiping my mouth but, instead, deeply inhaled Mom's pussy scent.
Mom smiled and bumped her leg on mine, acknowledging my action. Lisa showed up with the check and asked if we needed anything else. She smiled, teasing, "Perhaps some Cream Pie would be good?"
Mom replied, "Not now, Lisa, perhaps later. Thanks, though." Rachel didn't act wise to their secretive talk as Lisa smiled wide and walked away. Mom paid with cash, leaving a generous tip. I wondered if she was giving Lisa hush money or because she liked her.
Rachel stood to leave while I did the same to let Mom exit. When they walked out, I turned to the table to rearrange my prick, which had hardened at an odd angle. I reached down and adjusted my cock to point straight up along my stomach in a more comfortable position.
I turned to leave and practically ran over Lisa. She smiled as if she knew what I had been doing and walked up close enough that the mixture of her light perfume and sweat swept over me. Her face was inches from mine. She moved closer, pushing a soft breast into my arm while shoving her exposed thigh between my legs, pressing it against my stiff prick.
Rubbing her leg back and forth on my covered cock, she said, "Be sure to ask for me next time to get a nice private booth. I wrote my schedule down for you. I would love to serve your party again."
Moving her closed fist to mine, she transferred the note to my hand. Expecting a piece of paper, I was pleasantly surprised to feel a flimsy, silky pair of panties. They were damp and warm, the result of watching our sexual display. I quickly stuffed them into my pants pocket.
I picked up my napkin, soaked with Mom's juices, and held it to her hand, closing her fingers around it. I leaned into her pushing my hard cock into her thigh, and whispered, "I'm afraid Mom made a mess of her napkin. She had to use it to clean up some leaking juices."
Lisa sucked in a deep breath of air, and her eyes widened when she digested the taboo nature of our relationship. Her face turned from surprise to lust when she snatched the soiled napkin from my hand.
I thanked her again and said goodbye, leaving to catch up with Mom and Rachel. Halfway to the door, I turned to see Lisa in the booth. One hand pressed the cum-drenched napkin onto her face while the other was under the table. Knowing her pussy was receiving a pounding from witnessing a mother and son commit a sinful act made me smile wide.
At the theater, I sat between Mom and Rachel. Mom wrapped her arm around me when the lights dimmed. I did the same to her, and we leaned against each other. Knowing Rachel couldn't see my roaming hand, I cupped Mom's braless tit while we watched the feature film. Mom leaned over close and whispered, "I know it doesn't matter, but you have my full approval if you want to marry Monica."
Remembering the image of those two locked in sex, I smiled, leaned back, and whispered, "Of course, it matters. I'm glad you like Monica. It means a lot to me."
My aunt noticed Mom's arm around me and put her around me, leaning into me. The side of her soft braless tit pressed into my side. With her other hand, she pulled my arm around her back to rest my hand on her waist. I had my arms around two beautiful women. Afraid of being as bold with Rachel as my mom, I slowly slid my hand right below her breast, holding onto her ribcage.
When the movie credits scrolled, Mom rose to leave. Rachel slumped in her chair, causing her braless breast to fall in my hand. In an unconscious reaction, I squeezed her meaty mound. I quickly released her luscious tit, covering my action by saying, "Sorry, Auntie. Guess I lost my balance for a moment."
She smiled and chuckled, "I didn't notice anything, Sam. Only a perfect gentleman that likes older women and never tells."
Once again, I had to adjust my stiff prick before we left to go home. It was a short ride back to our neighborhood. Mom stopped the car in front of Rachel's house and told me to walk her sister to her door before coming home. Remembering we had an appointment in less than two hours, I knew I didn't have time to go in and talk.
After I walked my sexy aunt to her door, she turned to me and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. She rarely hugged me before tonight, catching me off-guard. Hot air hit my ear when she whispered, "I'm happy you're here this summer. I love hanging out with you. Thank you for a wonderful evening."
She kissed me on the neck and tightened her hug. Her soft, meaty breasts mashed against my chest while she pushed her hips into my stiff prick. She backed off and gave me a sexy smile before entering her house. I walked home with a raging hard-on. Reviewing the events of the past few days, it seemed clear that Aunt Rachel was coming on to me. I wondered what Mom would think if I fucked her younger sister.
Opening our front door, I bumped into Mom standing in the hallway. She had changed out of her dress and wore a tight white blouse tucked into a short, black, pleated skirt. "Wow, Mom. You look like a cheerleader but way sexier. You're the definition of a MILF."
"I have to keep up with your aunt, don't I?"
Changing the conversation, she explained, "I haven't met our client in person. We finalized everything online. She insisted on anonymity, conducting our services in a hotel across town, twenty miles away. We have no time to waste. You'll retrieve the room key at the front desk, and she wants you to go solo. I agreed to her terms, but I'm not letting you go alone. I'll wait in the bar for you in case things go wrong."
I pulled out Lisa's panties and said, "I should leave these here." Seeing her puzzled look, I added, "Lisa wrote her schedule down so we can request her as a server again."
Mom's thoughts rehashed our public exhibition. She lustfully retorted, "On her panties, no less. Maybe we should invite her over to give her a more intimate show." Smiling wide in agreement, I dropped Lisa's panties on the end table and wrapped my arm through Mom's as we walked out to the car.
On the drive to the hotel, I couldn't stop myself from running my hands up and down Mom's bare legs while she drove. Content with feeling her sexy thighs, I didn't venture up far enough to see if she was wearing any panties. Before I knew it, we pulled into the well-lit parking lot. The upscale hotel offered suites, so at least it would be a pleasant room.
Exiting quickly, I dashed to the driver's side to help Mom out of the car. Her skirt rode higher when she shifted her legs, revealing her hairy bush. I grinned wide as It looked like Mom wouldn't ever wear panties again. She held out her hands, inviting me to help her stand up. Once she stood, she hugged me and whispered, "You see anything you like?"
I hoarsely answered, "Damn, Mom. Why don't we rent a room and forget the client?"
"Don't worry, Sam. Tonight's appointment will be the last one for a while. After this, we'll spend a lot of time together. Now let's fulfill our commitment."
We arrived early, so we went to the bar and sat at a table in the back to wait. Mom ordered a glass of wine while we waited for my appointment. Suddenly, she leaned close and whispered, "Don't be obvious but look at the booth next to the bar. She's one of our prior clients. I hope she doesn't recognize me."
Scanning the crowd, I located the couple that Mom pointed out. I never saw their faces, but this lady had such a deep tan that I knew that she was the one after Sharon. She wouldn't notice anyone because her attention was on a guy my age. I silently laughed when I realized they resembled each other.
Whispering back, I said, "I see them, Mom. You don't need to worry. They're not interested in anyone else."
"He looks young enough to be her son. I wonder why she hired us with such a nice young man to service her?" Mom asked.
I replied, "He is her son. I might have initiated that. We kind of shared a mother-son fantasy during our session."
Mom jabbed me in the ribs and giggled, "You're so bad. We should charge more for you providing sex therapy along with your sperm donation."
Looking at her watch, she said, "Okay, Sam. Time for your show." We both rose and held our hands together when she leaned into me and said, "I'll wait for you here. Good luck."
With one of our clients in the bar, I figured Mom wouldn't take a chance and display public affection. Caught off guard, she wrapped her arms around me, hugged me tight, and kissed me as a wife would do with her loving husband.
I reluctantly parted and headed to the front desk. The receptionist greeted me when I provided my last name. She searched the counter for a moment and handed me a paper holder containing a key card. She smiled and commented, "Oh yes. I checked your lovely wife earlier. Have a fun night, Sir."
On my way up to the room, I mentally analyzed the tone and expression of the clerk. She didn't sound sincere, and I wondered how many of their guests were high-priced prostitutes. I swiped the door lock and entered the front room, dimly lit by night lights.
I could see a lighted bedroom off to the side where I assumed the woman would be waiting. I quickly removed my clothes and made my way to the bedroom. A sheet covered the woman in the same manner as Mom's bed. It was evident Mom had given her explicit instructions on the procedure.
I greeted her and assured her I would be slow and gentle. Moving the sheet up to her knees revealed her lower legs. They were the legs of a young woman, firm and toned. I caressed them, telling her how great they felt. When I thought she had relaxed enough, I pushed the sheet up to the tops of her thighs. I stroked her firm thighs, marveling at their beauty.
They were like my mother's but a younger version. I recognized them as Aunt Rachel's. I couldn't believe both of my closest family members thought they could fool me. I had been lusting for her legs for as long as I had Mom's.
Wondering how she discovered our business, I recalled how she used to visit us in the old neighborhood and still had a lot of friends there. My thoughts snapped back to how to proceed. Fulfilling my lustful fantasy of making love to my aunt, I wanted it to be a special session for both of us.
I thought, "Should I do the same as I did to my mother, prolonging the seduction to the end? Will she pretend as my mother did?"
If my aunt wanted to fuck me, she would have to tell me to do it. I wouldn't allow her to act like she was a client for long.
She sucked in a breath of air when I moved the sheet up to her midriff in one fast move. Her beautiful pussy came into view. She was clean-shaven, not one hair on her mound, smooth as glass. I moved up and placed my stiff shaft on the side of her leg while caressing her creamy thighs. Her legs widened, exposing her wet gash. She was anxious for her nephew to fuck her needy slot. I ran my fingers up and down her wet slit and inserted three fingers into her hole.
She was wet and ready. I finger fucked her cavern until she moaned in pleasure. Capturing her clit between my fingers, I rolled the sensitive nub, causing her to move her hips from side to side. She humped up, trying to convince me to complete her fantasy. I moved the head of my prick to her pussy and swirled it around her fat, wet lips. When she humped up to lodge it in her canal, I backed off and kept it from entering.
Now was the time to taunt my beautiful aunt. "Your thighs are so smooth and sexy. I love feeling them," I commented while I massaged and caressed her meaty flesh. "My aunt's legs are like these. I've wanted to touch them for a long time. She's the sexiest woman I know, and I would love to be doing this to her."
She moaned louder and increased the movement of her hips. Her legs couldn't be any further apart, granting me full access. I went back to playing with her pussy while tormenting my sexy aunt. "Your pussy is perfect too. I imagine this is how my aunt's pussy would look. It's begging for my hard prick."
I teased her pussy with my cock, poking in an inch and withdrawing several times before saying, "Your pussy is as hot and tight as a virgin's. I wish my aunt would ask me to fuck her. I want to hear those words. Can you tell me? Can you tell your nephew to fuck you hard?" I stuck my cock head into her pussy several inches and quickly pulled it out, elevating her excited state.
She took hold of the sheet and threw it off the bed, screaming, "Goddammit, Sam. Yes, I want my nephew to fuck me. Quit delaying. Shove your huge prick in your aunt's horny hole!"
Her lustful face conveyed the urgency of her desire to fuck her sister's son. I leaned down and kissed her while sliding my cock into her hot sheath. I lowered my weight on her, locking our mouths together, tongue fucking each other while I sunk the rest of the way into my sexy aunt.
Snaking my hands between our hot, sweaty bodies, I grabbed her meaty breasts and mauled them, twisting her sensitive nipples while I fucked her hard. She pulled her mouth off to gasp for air. Her breasts heaved up and down against my chest, her excitement level rapidly increasing. She was receiving the incestuous fucking she had fantasized about the last several years. I continued my assault on her sensitive breasts while hammering in and out of her drooling pussy.
She panted rapidly and groaned, her pussy filled with more cock than she'd ever experienced. Her pussy walls snapped shut when I pulled my shaft back to her entrance, stretching out again when I forcefully plowed back in.
Before I achieved my orgasm, my aunt's pussy clamped down on my prick when she climaxed. Her contractions continued while I thrust in and out. Several strokes later, she went limp from her quick and intense orgasm. I pulled out and was going to move off when she pulled me down tight as Mom had done.
She held me tight to her body while we gently caressed each other. Mom and her sister were similar in many ways, desiring fleshy, close contact after making love. Melded together with my sexy aunt was a dream come true. I rose to admire her. Scanning up and down her luscious body caused my prick to harden even more. Shifting my eyes up to her beautiful face, our eyes locked together, connecting as lovers.
She smiled wide, marveling, "You knew right away, didn't you? How did you know it was me?"
"I'd know those legs anywhere. I leer at them every time you visit. They're beautiful and sexy. You can't realize how many times I've fantasized about making love to you," I revealed to her.
Raising, she reached out to hold my slick prick that had given her an orgasm. She pushed me over on my back and positioned herself on my legs, stroking my shaft with both of her hands. With a sexy look, she said, "Did one of your fantasies end like this?" She leaned down and licked her juices off my cock. Holding the base, she enveloped the sensitive head in her mouth and cleaned it off with her rough tongue. She lowered her mouth down my pole much further than Mom had done. I felt it hit the back of her throat and was surprised she didn't gag. She pulled back to the top and slammed down again.
It was the best blow job I'd ever received. My aunt's teeth lightly scraped while she pulled up, then slammed back down. She fucked and sucked me with her mouth until my balls filled with cum and were ready to blow. She sensed it and lightly squeezed my balls as she sucked my ejaculating cock. She swallowed every drop of sticky cum and continued to massage my cock after it softened in her hot mouth. She pulled off my limp prick and grinned wide when she crawled up and rested on my body.
She nibbled at my ear and whispered, "Was that one of the fantasies you've had of your horny aunt?"
"Way better than I could have ever dreamed up. You're the sexiest and hottest aunt in town," I sighed, soothingly stroking her smooth back. "You're going to have to request a refund. You paid for a load of sperm deposited in your pussy, not your mouth."
She replied, "Probably better this way. It'd be hard to explain to my big sister how I got knocked up by her horny son."
There was no way she knew I wouldn't come inside her, and she knew who she was going to fuck. I wasn't sure why she made up this story, but her look made me think she wanted me to believe her and not press the issue. Kissing her lightly, I said, "Good thinking, Aunt Rachel."
We were silent for several minutes, enjoying our close contact. My aunt's sexy voice broke the silence, "Sam, I have a late check-out for the room. How would you like to stay and entertain your lonely aunt tonight?"
I wondered what she would think if she knew Mom was waiting down in the bar for me. I had mixed feelings between wanting to stay and fuck my sexy aunt or take Mom home to do the same. Quickly going through the options, I said, "I'd like nothing better, but I have to go home first and let Mom know I won't be staying there tonight. I'll grab some clothes and tell her I'm going to a friend's house."
We kissed several times before she said, "Perfect, Sam. Hurry back." She rolled off and allowed me to exit. I took my time leaving her room, taking in her beauty. She was a younger version of Mom, and I only lusted after my mother more because of the deep emotional ties between a mother and son.
I left her room and joined Mom. Looking over to the booth by the bar, I asked, "Did our client leave?"
Mom replied, "She went to the front desk and received a room key. He met with her at the elevators. They had that look only a mother and son have before they make love."
"You'd recognize that look, that's for sure. I'm happy that it worked out."
Changing subjects, she asked, "How did it go with our client? Any problems?"
I answered, "No, Mom. Everything went fine. It was quite delightful."
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "She was a fine fuck. She reminded me a lot of you. Her body was as great as yours, also a brunette, but she had dyed her hair blonde. She could have been your sister."
Pausing to let it sink in, I smiled and whispered, "Oh wait, she was your sister. I just fucked Aunt Rachel."
Everyone turned to look at us when Mom let out a loud shriek. Mom's face turned red at the attention. Backing off, I observed her expression turn from surprise to lust. Fumbling in her purse, she pulled out enough cash to pay for her drinks and threw it on the table, hastily rising from the table.
As soon as I rose, she interlocked her arm with mine and pulled me out of the hotel bar. She guided me down the hall to the pool/sauna room. Using my key card, I unlocked the door. No one was present in the pool area, probably out for dinner. Mom opened one of the sauna rooms, finding it empty. She pulled me in, closed the door, and immediately attacked me. She pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me while her hands explored my body.
I ran my hands up and down her back, lowering until I found her skirt waistband and pulled her top out. My hands snuck under her blouse, caressing her slick, bare flesh. I moved my hands up, cupping, squeezing, and mauling her firm breasts. Capturing a nipple with my left hand, my right hand ventured lower to stroke her thigh. I moved my hand to her groin, searching for her exposed pussy.
I grabbed her forest of pussy hair and tugged on it, causing her to pant in my mouth while she ravished me. I stuck three fingers in her steamy cunt and fucked her fast. She was on fire and needed relief. Moving her to the bench, I gently pushed her on her back. Pushing her skirt up to her waist, I lowered my mouth and latched onto her excited pussy.
She yelled in pleasure, pulling my head into her hungry cunt. My tongue fucked her horny hole. Screaming with excitement, she exclaimed, "Oh god, yes. Suck your mother's cunt. I need to cum. Eat your mommy's pussy!"
Continuing to slurp on her hungry snatch, I shoved two fingers to the bottom of her pussy. I finger-fucked her while my mouth captured her engorged clit. Stroking in and out at a furious pace, I sucked her clit into my mouth. After five more strokes, her body stiffened, and her pussy contracted, spilling her cum over her thighs. Slurping her sweet nectar, I cleaned up the majority of her juices.
She sat up to hug me and held her arms tight around me as if she was going to faint. Without saying a word, she released me and tucked in her blouse. Rising off the bench, she held my hand and opened the door to exit. With her face flushed and wet with sweat, you'd think we had the sauna on, but the heat was all from my hot mom.
She didn't stop pulling me until we were out of an exit, ending up in an outside garden area. She filled her lungs with the cool night air, turned to me, and held me by the hips, looking into my eyes. She hoarsely croaked, "Wow. I don't know what came over me. The thought of you fucking Rachel got me so excited. In my mind, I thought it might happen. I've seen the way you look at her, but I thought you would make the advance. I should have known since we've always had the same likes and dislikes."
We walked the hotel grounds like lovers, our sides glued together with our arms tightly wrapped around our waists. She wanted to hear every detail of our incestuous aunt-nephew coupling.
After describing our episode, I stopped walking and held her. "Mom, I'm sorry if you didn't want me to go through with it once I found out it was Rachel, but in our aroused state, we couldn't help it. She had a lot of pent-up lust, much as I've seen in you. You're both so beautiful and sexy that I have no self-control around you two."
Almost crying, she let out her deepest feelings. "Sam, you've released many buried sexual cravings. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of slut, but I love being with you. All I think about now is your wonderful cock in my horny pussy. You can't imagine the joy I get when you stuff me full of your hard prick."
"I feel the same way, Mom. I get excited when I think about being with you. If you want me to tell Rachel I can't make it, I will, and we can go home and enjoy each other tonight."
She quickly replied, "No, honey. I love my sister and know she shares my powerful sexual needs. And you're going to fulfill her desires. We're going to make my sister happy tonight, but not before I come again on my son's wonderful cock."
She pulled out her phone to check the time. "She expects you back in twenty minutes. Let's enjoy the rest of the walk and get you back up there. My sister deserves a good breeding."
Mom's nurturing is one of the many traits that I adored about her. She put taking care of the people she loved above her own personal desires. It solved my dilemma of what to do tonight, but the outcome would be different than the original plan.
Mom wanted to participate in the upcoming sexual romp with my aunt. No surprise there, thinking back on the frantic scene of her making love to Monica and how she became sexually aroused when I told her I fucked her sister.
Stopping us before we arrived back at the hotel, she hugged me tight and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. She confided, "Honey, you can ask for anything you desire, anytime. I'm completely yours to fulfill your wishes. I love you so much." We passionately kissed, sealing our sinful relationship. Regrettably, we released our hug to rendezvous with her sister.
Hopefully, Aunt Rachel's terrific blow-job would help me from coming too fast before satisfying the sexy sisters. Mom guided us back to the hotel and into the elevator with our arms intertwined, acting like a married couple going to their room.
An older couple was in the elevator as we rode up to our floor. The husband was overtly staring at Mom's proud, upright, braless tits with her hard nipples pressed against the thin material. His wife took a deep breath. Mom's cum-smeared thighs filled the confined area with an aroma of sex. Visions of the couple tearing off their clothes and fucking each other from getting aroused entered my mind. Their floor was before ours, and as the door shut, I saw the man grab the woman's ass. They were in for a good time.
After swiping my card, the door clicked open. We entered, and thankfully, the front room was empty. I called out to my aunt to alert her of my arrival. "Honey, I'm home," I announced, hearing my aunt giggle. Mom and I stripped off our clothes. Mom waited in the front room while I paraded into the bedroom with my hardening prick bobbing up and down.
Spreadeagled on the bed with her legs wide apart, I could see she had started without me. Her hands mauled her wet pussy. She huskily proclaimed, "Is that for me? I can't wait to play with it."
I replied, "Why yes, Auntie. It's revived and ready to stretch your tight pussy to its limits. But first, I want to pay you back for what you did earlier."
Looking puzzled, she understood my comment when I lowered my mouth to her open pussy. I licked up and down her puffy lips, cleaning off her juices. She placed her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly to her hungry cunt. I explored the insides of her pussy with my tongue, taking time to lick her sensitive clit. Her breathing was rapid and short while I feasted on her pussy.
When I thought she was near her climax, I rose, pulling her up with me. I hugged her bare body to mine, kissing her. She mauled my mouth with her tongue while we explored each other's bodies. Plopping down on my back, I positioned her to face the headboard and had her lower her pussy to my waiting mouth. I continued my assault on her snatch while her hips writhed, trying to connect my tongue with her sensitive parts.
Moans and groans filled the room from my aunt expressing her pleasure. Feeling a hand surround my prick, I knew Mom had entered the room. I felt the bed move when Mom crawled up my body. Her legs were tight against my sides while she maneuvered to impale herself on my rod. My aunt didn't notice; my tongue assaulting her pussy held her attention. I felt Mom lift my pole, and shortly after, I felt her snug pussy descend my length. She was hot and wet, sinking to the bottom.
She rose and fell down several times, causing the bed to bounce. Aunt Rachel realized something was happening and turned her head to see Mom fucking herself on my prick. Cum poured out of my aunt's convulsing pussy when she climaxed. She screamed, "Oh my god! You're fucking your son!"
Rachel climaxed again, watching her older sister fuck my pole. I swallowed her freely flowing sweet cum.
"Yes. I'm fucking my son, as you did with your nephew an hour ago. Thanks to you, his wonderful cock is slick and hard, filling my pussy full. Turn around and watch while I fuck myself to an orgasm."
My aunt lifted her cleaned pussy off my face, positioning herself above my head. Facing Mom, she watched a horny mother, her sister, fuck her son. Lying still to keep from getting too excited, I allowed Mom to do the work. If I did anything to help, I wouldn't last long, and Mom had stipulated I wasn't to come in her pussy. It was an erotic sight, watching my mother bounce up and down, mashing our hairy mounds together when she bottomed out each time. Nearing her climax, she pulled her sister close. I pushed my aunt's ass, shoving her to Mom, pulling her pussy down to my mouth while Mom kissed Rachel.
They kissed like lovers, groping and pawing their breasts. Aunt Rachel's excitement quickly elevated while I ate her pussy, and Mom assaulted her from the top. Mom broke away long enough to shriek, "I'm cumming on my son's prick. It feels so good." My aunt leaked out a river of juices, witnessing the sinful act of a mother climaxing on her son's cock.
I didn't hump up while Mom's pussy drenched my pole. The copious fluid pouring on my cock helped me stave off my orgasm as there was no friction, only Mom's contractions while she came. She rested on me with my prick fully embedded in her sheath, kissing her sister again. Rising off my saturated pole, Mom flopped down on the bed beside me, her legs wide apart. Mom's pussy gaped open, cum smeared in the forest of pussy hair and engorged lips.
Aunt Rachel stared at my still-hard cock and boomed, "Jesus, he's still hard. Didn't he cum?" Absorbing more information, she screamed, "Your son fucked you bareback! Are you protected, or does he pull out each time?"
Mom replied, "He didn't cum. You two had me so heated that I couldn't hold off my orgasm for him. And yes, he fucks me with his bare, fleshy prick. My pussy has been overflowing with sperm from my horny son. Rachel, come here and look at how my son stretched out his poor mother's cunt."
I helped Rachel up and positioned her between Mom's outstretched legs. I moved behind my aunt, reached up, and massaged her full breasts while she stared at Mom's wanton display. Mom ran her fingers around her pussy and held up a sticky cum covered finger. "Come taste your big sister. Show us how you're as slutty as you look."
Aunt Rachel didn't hesitate and lowered her mouth to Mom's snatch, feasting on her older sister's cum-soaked pussy. She cleaned Mom's hairy mound, ending at her puffy slit.
She hoarsely chuckled, "Melissa, we're going to have to tame this bush of yours. I can see I have to give my sister some trimming lessons." She went back to licking Mom's cunt.
Caressing and stroking my aunt's back and thighs, I moved up and lined my hard cock up with her pussy. Rachel's attention was solely on pleasing my mother, paying no attention to her horny nephew. Without any warning, I slid my rock-hard cock into her tight cunt.
I bottomed out in one quick stroke, tearing through her sensitive pussy walls. She screamed in my mother's gash, wracked with sudden pleasure. I held onto her hips and slammed in and out of my horny aunt while she moaned and sucked on mom's pussy. She gripped Mom's clit in her lips and held it steady while I hammered away.
Mom took a tongue lashing from her sister, heating up fast. She breathed hard and gasped for breath. "Oh god, Rachel. If I knew you could eat pussy like this, I would have enlisted your help long ago. You're showing your slutty self now. Fucking your nephew and eating your sister's pussy at the same time. You're ready to cum again, aren't you? You're sex-starved, and you can't help it."
I moved my hands to my aunt's waist, pulling her body into mine while I assaulted her from behind.
My Mom teased my aunt again. "I am jealous of you, though, baby sister. My son is doggy fucking you. I can only imagine how it feels with his huge prick sawing in and out of your tight box."
Gasping for air while holding onto Mom's clit challenged her, but my aunt managed to hump back to my thrusts.
"Feel his head, Rachel? It's like a large plum shoved in your cunt, right? It stretches your tight pussy each time he shoves it in. Its flared edge scrapes and stretches the walls of your hot snatch. Don't hold back; let yourself go!"
My aunt couldn't move her mouth anymore, keeping it locked onto Mom's clit. Her body shook while she neared another orgasm.
Mom moaned from her sister's actions when she responded to my aunt's previous comment. "I'd like to shave off my bush, but my son gets turned on by a big, hairy pussy. He loves running his fingers through my mound of hair. Sam, think of the first time you stared at your mother nude while fucking your horny aunt."
How did she know I loved her hairy pussy? I couldn't recall commenting on it, but now that she mentioned it, images flashed through my mind when I lifted the sheet revealing her full, bushy pussy. The sight of Monica's beautiful, black bush filled my head. Blood gushed into my already hard prick, expanding it, increasing the friction against my aunt's pussy walls. I slammed in so hard I was afraid my aunt's forward motion might injure Mom's open cunt.
Escalating too quickly, I switched my thoughts to non-sexual topics to keep from cumming. Rachel's body shook while my stiff prick battered her pussy. Her channel exploded and contracted on my cock. I continued to fuck through her convulsions, barely holding off on my orgasm. She sucked on Mom's ravaged cunt when I pulled out of her sloppy canal. Remaining outside my aunt's squeezing snatch allowed me to cool off and not blow my load.
Moving up to Mom, I waved my cum covered cock in front of her face and asked, "Mom, could you clean off your sister's mess." Wasting no time, she gripped it by the base and licked up and down the shaft, drinking in Rachel's cum. Unwilling to tempt fate by putting it in her hot mouth, she licked the outside of my stem, allowing me to cool off. Suddenly she quit licking and let go of my prick when her body tightened and shook, climaxing on her sister's tongue.
Aunt Rachel cleaned Mom's juices from her overworked pussy, exclaiming, "Damn. If that's what a hairy pussy does to your son, I may have to let mine grow out."
Mom was sexually spent, her face expressing a look of contentment and satisfaction. I moved behind Rachel and caressed her back and legs while she recovered. When she rose, I reached out and pulled her off to bring her up to me, holding her tight. Our eyes locked, and I didn't see the same satisfied look as in my mother's eyes.
Lust dominated her facial expression, but something else was missing. There was a hidden pleading for something she dearly desired. Simultaneously, we moved our mouths closer, lightly kissing each other. Our tongues ran against each other's lips while we sensuously connected. We hugged tightly as our kissing increased in intensity.
Our melded bodies trapped my prick. My aunt's fat breasts squished out the sides while hugging me tightly. Our hard nipples meshed together while we twisted and turned our bodies for maximum contact. I ran my hands down her smooth back and cupped her ass. Holding and squeezing her firm buns, our kiss intensified into a lover's kiss.
"Sam, I love being with you. Your manly scent drives me crazy whenever I get close to you," my sexy aunt exclaimed, lifting one leg to my side. I held her thigh with one hand and her ass with my other. She jumped up, locking her other leg around me while holding onto my shoulders. Our bodies smashed together while I lifted her by her ass. Her pussy juices left a slime trail on my stomach while she rose higher.
Her slot was open and above my stiff pole when I lowered her. She sucked on my neck while my prick separated her tight pussy walls. Suddenly I dropped her to the bottom, impaling her on my spear. She locked her mouth on my neck, squealing in delight. She dug her nails into my back while I fucked her. I knew a hickey would appear in the morning from my aunt sucking my flesh.
Mom caught our attention when she said, "Sam, make love to your aunt the way you should. Make love to her as you did me the first time, missionary style. She deserves a proper fucking from my son."
I lowered Rachel on top of the bed, keeping my cock jammed deep in her hairless hole. As I dropped her the final foot and fell on top of her, air rushed out of her lungs. We gently kissed while I stroked in and out, each of us lost in our world of sexual pleasure.
My hands roamed over her smooth skin and ended up on her firm, meaty globes. I squeezed them hard, causing my aunt to moan with pleasure. My fingers sought out and found her stiff nipples. Looking into her lust-filled, green eyes, I twisted her teats while pumping in and out of her hungry cunt. She wrapped her legs around my waist in a scissors lock, increasing the depth of my strokes. She gasped for air and struggled to say something on her mind. She managed to stammer, "Melissa, did you mean it when you said both of you are unprotected when you have sex?"
Mom crawled up close to her ear, ran her tongue around the sensitive outside, and whispered, "Yes, Rachel. I'm going to have his baby, and you are, too. You want one. That's why your tiny-dicked husband left because you wanted a child. He wasn't big enough of a man to make you pregnant, seeking all those other women to assert himself. Let my son fill you with sperm and give you a baby."
Now it came out why she filed for divorce. My suspicions were correct. Fucking her hard now, she had trouble talking but managed to protest, falsely standing by her moral inhibitions. "Yes. I want a child, but your son seems wrong. I don't know if I can go through with it."
Mom quickly retorted, "You can't lie to your sister. You rented this room with the full knowledge it was Sam, and you paid to have him fill your horny pussy with his cum. Don't try to hide it now. Let your true feelings out and enjoy the best fuck you'll ever get."
Rachel's body shook while I rocked her body with my pounding. Relief swept through her face when she let loose and screeched, "You're right, Melissa. I've wanted a baby from your boy for a long time. I've wanted him for years, but I was afraid I'd hurt you. I thought I could do it without you knowing, but I don't care now. Fuck me hard, Sam. Fill me with your seed and make us a baby!"
I captured her mouth again, and we tongue fucked while my hands gripped her ass, helping her humping hips meet my thrusts. My cock slammed against her back wall each stroke, causing hot air to gush from her lungs each time.
She pulled her mouth away to gasp and catch her breath. Her thrashing was uncontrolled and erratic, making it impossible to maintain a smooth stroking. I felt her body tense up and shake. Loud enough for the hotel lobby staff to hear, she screamed, "Oh god! I'm cumming on my nephew's cock. It's so damn good! Fill me with your sperm, Sam. Please!"
I kissed her again, thrusting my expanded prick into her hot snatch. Her pussy contracted hard, preventing me from entering more than halfway. I pulled back out to her entrance and tried again. Her pussy convulsed again, stopping my fleshy ram. As soon as her contraction ended, I shoved hard, allowing my fat head to plow through her clenched walls. My brain signaled my balls to send a load of hot cum up and out the tip. My first glob of baby-batter flooded her cavity, releasing millions of sperm.
Feeling my load of cum fill her starving cunt, her body arched up and shook while she screamed out in intense pleasure. Her pussy contracted harder than the first two times while my prick remained buried to the hilt. I kept pumping load after load into my horny aunt while her clasping pussy milked my spitting snake. Her cavern was filled with so much gooey cum that no amount of pussy contractions would slow me down. I kept fucking her after I dumped my payload, attempting to pack my sperm to the bottom.
Her body went limp when she lowered her legs to the bed. The same content look spread across her face as I had seen on Mom. She whispered, "Thank you, Sam. I am completely satisfied, better than I've felt for a long time."
Her expression of pleading changed to joy and satisfaction. I kissed her and said, "You're going to be a great mother. To ensure you get pregnant, we should repeat this several times, don't you think?"
She giggled and spewed, "Yes. We have to make sure." We gently kissed while I lowered my weight to her and melded as one again. After several minutes of bonding, I rolled over, positioning myself between my favorite two relatives. They rolled onto their sides to face me. Caressing my body, the three of us recovered from the incestuous couplings.
*****
Exhausted, I soon fell asleep. My deep sleep ended three hours later when I woke up with an urgent need to pee. Mom was nearest the bathroom, so I gently moved my leg over her to get off the bed. She was on her side, and my morning wood scraped across her hip while I made my way to the edge of the bed.
She stirred in her sleep, rolling over on her back. Seeing she didn't wake up, I proceeded to the bathroom. I closed the door and briefly considered taking care of my hard-on to relieve myself, but with two sexy women feet away, I wasn't going to use my hand.
Minutes flew by while I waited until I softened enough to drain my bladder. Finding myself dehydrated from the previous night's activities, I gulped down two glasses of water. Turning off the bathroom light, I opened the door to crawl back into bed. I lifted the sheet and straddled Mom to move over to the center.
Her beautiful breasts slowly heaved up and down. Resisting my desire to fondle and suck on her meaty globes, I surveyed the rest of her body. As soon as I caught sight of her mound of fur, my prick filled with blood, rising and scraping across Mom's soft stomach.
Thinking back to our time in the parking lot, she said I could do whatever I wanted. Would she be upset if I spread her legs and sank my stiff prick into her delightful pussy? Looking at her restful face, deep in sleep, I decided I wouldn't wake her up for my enjoyment. I loved her too much. Lowering down, I lightly pressed my mouth to hers. I kissed her gently while inhaling her wonderful scent. My hard cock throbbed, pressed into her soft stomach.
I eased my leg over and laid down flat between them. Mom didn't wake up during my kiss, but stirred in her sleep, turned on her side, and scooted close to me. She moved her leg over mine and draped her arm over my chest while she soundly slept. I quickly drifted off, listening to Mom's steady breathing.
Another three hours of restful sleep lapsed while I dreamed of our incestuous fucking. I relived our recent couplings and the intense pleasure derived from the women I loved. I started to awaken, feeling someone caressing my chest and the blissful erotic feeling of someone humping on top of my prick. Opening my eyes, I watched my beautiful mother's lip close in. She gently kissed me while rubbing her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Good morning. How did you sleep?" Mom rose, allowing me to see it was Rachel fucking herself on my rod. Her ass faced me with her head near my feet. Groaning so loud that she couldn't hear our conversation, it was evident that she had been enjoying my prick for a while. I replied, "I slept well, and hopefully, I can wake up like this every day."
She smiled and explained, "She woke up horny, and I'll have you the rest of the day. I told her to enjoy herself and jump on. Of course, she thinks she gets to drain your hot spunk into her hungry pussy, but your horny mother needs it more than she does."
I could usually last longer when I didn't have to work at it, but Rachel's pussy was bending and twisting my cock, intensifying my excitement. She expertly used my prick to connect with her sensitive spots. Her panting was swift and heavy, nearing her climax. She firmly held my ankles for support while furiously humping up and down my slippery shaft.
Detecting my rise in excitement from my breathing, Mom leaned close to me and whispered, "Hold on. Save your load of cum for your mother. Think of something else while I take care of your aunt."
Reaching out, she snaked her hand around to the back of my dick, coating her fingers with our juices. Rachel yelped when Mom massaged her sister's clit. Her body shook from Mom's squeezing fingers gripped around her sensitive nub.
Rachel stopped her up and down strokes, resting on my groin with my shaft fully stuffed in her snug glove. Enjoying several mini-orgasms from Mom's manipulating fingers, she smashed her face between my legs, gasping for air.
Mom quickly brought her hand to Rachel's ass and ran it through her sister's crack. Positioning her fingers at Rachel's puckered asshole, she pushed three digits in, causing an immediate orgasm and shriek from my aunt with both of her holes filled.
Juices flowed down my shaft when my aunt climaxed. Remaining on my hard prick after her contractions, we stayed connected until her breathing returned to normal. She slowly extracted herself, releasing my hard cock from her wet snatch.
Rachel was sweating and looked tired from the early morning fuck when she fell flat on her back. She revived herself enough to reprimand Mom. "Dammit, Melissa. You caused me to come before I was ready. I wanted your son's cum to fill me."
Mom smiled and snickered, "Sorry, Sis. My pussy is on fire, and my son has the hose to quench it. Don't underestimate a mother's desire for her horny son. I'll reward you, though, for your sacrifice."
She knelt between Rachel's legs and leaned down to latch her mouth onto Rachel's leaking pussy. She licked and cleaned up her sister's nectar, sticking her tongue into her stretched hole, causing Rachel to moan in pleasure, quickly forgiving Mom.
I crawled out of bed and stood by them, watching the sisters enjoy their coupling. While Mom sucked her sister's hot snatch, she elevated her ass, spreading her legs. Positioning myself behind Mom, I remained still, fascinated at the erotic sight.
Mom's long, toned legs framed her hairy pussy and wet gash. An image of Monica in the same position flashed before me while I mentally compared the two women I loved most. I imagined Monica and Mom side by side and made myself a promise to make it happen shortly. Monica had thinner legs and creamier skin, but Mom's firm thighs were sexy in their own right.
Between Mom's lovely legs, I could see her tits swaying while she slurped on Rachel's pussy. I moved close enough to rub my cum-coated cock up and down her thighs. Mom twisted her hips around, spreading her legs wider apart in preparation for the doggy fuck she had been yearning for since I fucked her sister the previous night.
I pulled back far enough to run my hands up to the inside of her thighs to her open pussy. Teasing her outer lips briefly with my slick fingers, I ran my hands back down her thighs. Repeating this process several times elevated Mom's excitement, causing her to hump her hips. Moving up to her firm ass, I massaged and squeezed her cheeks. Spreading them apart, I revealed her puckered asshole above her hairy pussy. I ran my hands back down to her groove and spread my fingers out as I ran through her forest of soft fur.
Closing my fingers, I pulled down and out to open her pussy. Already wet in anticipation, her gaping hole pulsated as if it was milking a cock. Inching near her, I placed my blood-filled head at the mouth of her greedy gash. Her fat pussy lips snapped down on it while she moved her ass back, trying to swallow her son's shaft. I pulled back with her movement allowing only the head to enter. Her hips stopped, and I rewarded her with a few more inches of hard cock.
Her pelvis humped back once again, trying to suck in my shaft. I pulled back until her hips stopped. I slithered my one-eyed snake back in, opening her tight walls. Halfway in, I stopped. She didn't move, moaning with delight while munching on her sister's cunt. Reaching up to hold her waist for leverage, I sunk my cock to the bottom of her tight sheath, stopping when my balls slapped the top of her pussy.
Her lungs emptied while she groaned loudly. She released her mouth from Rachel's pussy, burying her face in her sister's soft stomach while she struggled to breathe. Leaving my shaft buried to the hilt, I moved my hands up her torso feeling her sweaty hot skin. Finding her hanging breasts, I squeezed and mauled her heavy globes while I pulled my coated shaft out to her entrance and forcefully shoved it back to the bottom. My prick split her walls apart when my fat, flared head plowed through her soft folds.
Using her breasts to pull her body back, I plowed into her juicy box. The heat emanating from her quivering pussy was like a blast furnace when I descended each time. She inched up Rachel's body while I pounded her hungry cavern. When Mom rested her face between her sister's breasts, Rachel pushed her ample tits together, halting Mom's forward movement. While I continued to fuck my mother, my fingers found and captured her sensitive nipples. She groaned in pleasure while her pussy and tits sent signals to her brain.
Continuing to pump my steel-hard rod in and out of her tight pussy, I gripped her nipples and pulled them, stretching out her tits. She yelped like a puppy while her pussy shook, experiencing several mini-orgasms. Slick cum flowed around my cock while I fucked her through her minor contractions. Releasing her nipples, I gently caressed her breasts while I slowed my pace, allowing us to recover.
She raspily yelped, "Jesus. You're fucking your mother so good. Your prick feels like it's twice its normal size, stuffed into my horny pussy. I'm going to require more doggy fucking in the future. Keep fucking Mommy!"
Obeying my mother, I increased my pace, ensuring I scraped her sensitive spots in her tight pussy. She latched onto Rachel's engorged nipple. Rachel held Mom's head firmly to her breast while I fucked my beautiful mother. Rachel closed her eyes, enjoying her sister's sucking mouth. Her face reflected her pleasure while participating in the sinful incestuous coupling.
Mom was right, of course; this was the best fuck ever. Her pussy was as tight and hot as her skin. Juices leaked out of her tight snatch, matting our pubic hair, my prick battering her soaked pussy. Loud squishing noises and the slap-slap-slap sounds of my balls against her cunt filled the room.
Traveling down her hot skin, my hands stopped several inches below her swinging breasts. Spreading my fingers out, they sunk between each rib and squeezed tight. I could feel her heart pumping at an elevated rate. Stopping my hip movement, I fucked her by pulling her back and forth, using her ribcage as leverage. Her mini-orgasms didn't satisfy her lustful cravings, her moaning growing louder. Her globes of succulent tit flesh swung back and forth, colliding with Rachel's torso while she attempted to suck milk out of her sister's nipples.
Fearing I was going to bruise her body, holding her so tight, I brought her pelvis back to collide with my groin. Buried to the root, I stopped fucking her to catch my breath and calm down before elevating her to a major orgasm.
Bringing my hands down to her pelvis, I gripped her hip bones. Stroking gently in and out, I admired the view of our coupling. Her curvy body enhanced her beautifully smooth flesh. My prick was white and frothy from our mixed juices. Looking below my coated cock, I noticed Rachel's pussy open and wet, also quivering with excitement. Moving up closer so I could go deeper, I fucked her faster. Changing my pace, I thrust in the first few inches, withdrew, and rapidly thrust back in. I repeated a dozen times, then sunk my cock down to the bottom of her velvety sheath.
Her breathing rate and groans increased while I fucked her at a furious pace. I repeated the short, fast fucking, sinking to the bottom of her starving pussy every dozen strokes. Anticipating when my prick descended, she arched her back to facilitate deeper penetration. Her groaning turned to a whimpering sound when she stopped sucking on her sister's tit, holding her nipple tight between her lips.
Her pussy vibrated and released more pussy juice, anticipating her major orgasm. Stopping my short stroking rotation, I fucked her slow and deep, hitting bottom each time. Even with her cavern full of lubricating sex juices, her pussy wrapped tight around my stiff prick each time it sank into her depths.
Halting my movement, I held her steady. My hard prick was firmly buried deep in her snug pussy. A feeling of empowerment swept through me. She wouldn't thrust back because of my earlier teasing. She didn't want to take the chance I'd pull out my cock, giving her so much pleasure. Less than a week ago, she was in total control as my mom. Now she was obeying her son like a sex slave.
During the pause, Mom murmured, "Please, Sam. Fuck me to a climax. Don't tease me anymore. I want to feel your hot sperm fill my pussy. I'm going to cum on your big cock pretty soon, regardless. Please be kind to your mother and flood my cunt with your cum."
Rachel piped, "Yes. My nipples can't take much more. Please fuck your mother to an orgasm. Or if you want, you can put it in another willing hole." I looked down to see my sexy aunt flex her hips, looking for a hard prick.
My eyes locked with Rachel's while I reached down and jammed three fingers deep in her wet cunt, stroking in and out as she bucked with excitement. I answered, "Sorry, Rachel. This load is for my sexy mother." I pulled my fingers out and held Mom again.
Feeling remorseful about teasing Mom earlier, I slowly pulled my shaft out to the entrance of her pussy. I swiped my head up and down her slit, rubbing it across her sensitive clit. Holding her tight, I popped my prick through her tight puffy outer lips and said, "Mom, it's your turn to fuck me. Show your motherfucking son how much you want him. Fuck me the way you want it!"
Her hips flew back so hard that I barely held myself from falling backward. My hands held tight while she went wild, bucking and fucking her son as hard as she could. Moving her ass up and down while moving to and fro caused my prick to hit areas seldom touched. Releasing Rachel's nipple to catch her breath, her groaning grew louder, using my cock to scrape along her sensitive walls.
Mom fucked me like I was the last man on earth. My breaths were short and rapid while my prick took a beating it hadn't had to endure before. I wanted this to last forever, but hot blood surged into my cock, signaling my approaching orgasm.
I gripped her thighs and timed my strokes with her frantic humping. It wasn't necessary to tell Mom I was ready to come when my prick expanded. Feeling her pussy and body tremble in anticipated excitement, I screeched, "Mom, your pussy is wet and tight. I can't believe I'm fucking my beautiful mother. Don't pass out this time. It'll be our best orgasm ever. I'm filling my mom's pussy with sperm!"
Hearing this, my aunt retorted, "You passed out fucking your son? Wow, you are one horny mother. And you call me a slut. Kiss me, you son-fucking slut."
The two sisters locked their mouths together, fucking each other's mouths. I held Mom tightly and fucked her hard. My helmeted head filled with blood, increasing my difficulty shoving in and out of her tight channel. My balls filled up, and it felt like they were trying to eject my entire reservoir of sperm at once. My shaft tunnel wasn't large enough to allow for that much volume.
My prick enlarged to accommodate the large lake of sperm boiling through it. Mom's spasming pussy continued to contract, attempting to coax out the river of hot cum flowing up my shaft. The large head of my prick felt like it exploded when the first load of hot, baby-batter shot out, bathing her insides.
She screamed in ecstasy when I felt a shock of intense pleasure surging through my prick to the rest of my body. Enjoying the most erotic fuck of my life, I pulled back and pushed in again to release another load of cum. Mom's pussy rapidly contracted tight, enhanced by the feeling of her son's sticky sperm filling her cavity.
Mom's body turned rigid when she released her sister's mouth to gasp for air. Her pussy flooded with cum, facilitating deeper penetration. In case she passed out again, I held her tightly, but thankfully, I heard her groan in pleasure, staying conscious to enjoy our sinful mother-son coupling.
Her pussy milked out every drop of cum from my erupting cock. When she relaxed, I shoved my cock to the bottom, letting it soak in her flooded cavern. I could feel hot fluid coating our genital areas when her cavity couldn't contain the copious amount of cum. Leaning down, I kissed her back while caressing her sides. Mom and Rachel panted, recovering from the intimate mother-son connection. We remained joined together, savoring the post-coital bliss from our erotic fuck.
Starting to soften, I regretted I wouldn't be able to fuck my beautiful mom again. I was the first to break the silence. "Damn. Your pussy is overflowing with cum. I've never blown out that much. We're going to make a mess on the bed."
Mom replied, "Don't worry. I'll clean you, and my sister will be happy to take care of my filled pussy."
Several blobs of cum spilled down on Rachel's bare stomach when I pulled my prick from Mom's cum-filled hole. Turning around, Mom lowered her still dripping pussy to her sister's waiting mouth. I heard Rachel slurping away while she greedily ate our mixed cum. Mom held my shaft by my base and licked up and down my length, expertly cleaning it. She enclosed my sensitive head in her mouth and gently licked it. Traveling down my shaft, she slurped on my balls until our mixed cum was cleaned up.
Looking down, I glimpsed Rachel moving her hips, her pussy leaking juice. Feasting on our cum-cocktail rapidly turned her on. Mom reached down and scraped her fingers across her sister's stomach, capturing our leaked, sticky fluid. Inserting her coated fingers into Rachel's hungry cunt, she moved them in and out, causing Rachel to groan in Mom's pussy.
Removing her fingers, Mom pulled me to her mouth. We sensually kissed while her sister sucked our juices from her pussy. Mom backed off and whispered, "She's ready to come again. Be a good nephew and help your aunt out."
Gladly compiling, I leaned down and stuck three fingers into Rachel's wet hole. I fucked her fast and furious while she bucked her hips to meet my intruding digits. She was already close to her orgasm when I captured her fat clit between my lips and lightly squeezed. Her body shook, climaxing on my fingers and mouth. I replaced my hand with my tongue while I drank her sweet nectar through her climax.
Extracting Mom from her sister, I pulled her up to me. We stood at the bottom of the bed, melding our sweaty bodies together while admiring her sexy, nude sister. We gently kissed with our sweaty bodies pressed together.
Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly while she rested her head next to mine. I felt her hot breath while we enjoyed our sensual post-coital moment. Seeing it was seven in the morning, I whispered, "Mom, it's still early. We don't have to go home, do we?"
Mom replied, "I love you more than you know, and now that my sister has joined in with us, I feel complete. We do have a late checkout, but we girls require our beauty sleep. Cuddle with us."
She pulled me down to the bed, and they resumed their position on either side of me, gently caressing my body while they put their hot legs over mine, trapping me in a pile of sexy familial flesh. Falling into a sound sleep again, I wondered who would be fucking me the next time I woke up.
Three hours later, I was brought out of my sleep when sunlight flooded the room. Someone was caressing my chest, but much to my dismay, no one was enjoying my morning wood. When my eyes opened, I watched Mom return from raising the blinds before crawling back into bed. She kissed me, her hands joining my aunt's, caressing my body.
Mom declared, "Good Morning, again. Hopefully, you slept as well as my sister and me. We're getting ready to leave. Rachel has some errands to do today."
My aunt added, "I wish I didn't have to go. I'd love to stay, but we'll have plenty of time together. The two of us are going to wear you out. We don't want to break our favorite toy." Rachel gently held my semi-hard cock, while Mom rubbed my chest.
Mom replied, "You mean the three of us."
Rachel asked, "Three? Who else?"
Mom replied, "You haven't met your nephew's soon-to-be wife, have you? Her name is Monica, and she's very sexy and charming."
My mind flashed to Monica's body when Mom mentioned her name. My prick filled with blood when visions of our fucking flashed through my mind.
Rachel squeezed my cock while it expanded and exclaimed, "My, she must be some girl by Sam's reaction. I can't wait to meet her and welcome her into our family. Unfortunately, I have to get going. I won't be able to enjoy this until tonight." She stroked my shaft several times before she left the bed and vanished into the bathroom.
I looked at Mom and pleaded, "She doesn't have time, but we do, don't we, Mom?"
Mom smiled and took over, stroking my prick and giggling, "We have to get back home. But first, get in there and help Rachel clean up." Emphasizing her meaning, she firmly gripped my prick, twisted it, and pointed it towards the bathroom.
"After you help your aunt in the shower, we can go home, where you'll clean up your dirty, slutty mother."
I leaned over and kissed Mom while my hand squeezed her nearest breast. I murmured, "You are such a caring sister. I love you, Mom."
The sound of the shower door opening and shutting prompted me to say, "Sounds like it's time for Aunt Rachel to get a thorough scrubbing." I left for the bathroom, my prick swinging back and forth, ready to fuck my beautiful aunt.
Thanks for reading. Continued in Breeding for Mom Pt. 02
Author's note:
All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of eighteen years.
This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the intent of impregnation. It does not include anal.
It felt good to be back in my room. After my first year of attending a university, I was back home for the summer. My name is Sam, and I live with my mom Melissa. My dad died more than a dozen years ago. Last year Mom bought the house we're now living in, located forty miles from where we used to live. We moved here right after my eighteenth birthday.
The large house was more than we required, but it was the best value for the location. I picked one of the bedrooms on the upper floor. We turned the other bedroom on the floor, which shared a bathroom with mine, into a study. Mom's master suite was at the end of a long hallway off the dining room, and the living room overlooked the back of the property. Large windows face the gardens in the backyard, providing a peaceful and quiet atmosphere. A couple of other bedrooms, located along the hallway to Mom's master suite, were turned into hobby rooms.
Her sister, Rachel, convinced Mom to move here to be closer to her. She divorced her husband three years ago and longed for her sister's companionship. My aunt finally convinced Mom to relocate. Mom wasted no time moving here as soon as I graduated. Neither have regretted it and have been inseparable. They have shown no interest in men, preferring to spend their time together.
Physically similar, they would have no trouble attracting men if they desired. They are brunettes, although my aunt dyed her hair blonde last year. Both have their hair cut short, which frames their beautiful faces perfectly. Mom's large, deep brown eyes make you feel better immediately when she looks at you. She has long, toned, firm legs, proudly showing them off when wearing short skirts. Her breasts aren't huge but large enough to sexily push out her tight blouses.
Aunt Rachel's deep green eyes accent her blonde hair. I thought she was sexy before changing, but her new hair color made her look even better. At twenty-six, she's eleven years younger than Mom. Her breasts appear bigger than Mom's, and her luscious legs look similar.
My mood has always been at its best when I'm around either of them. We have a large garden at our new house, and the three of us worked together, keeping it maintained. We usually treated ourselves to dinner or a movie after a day of hard work. My aunt lived a few blocks away and routinely walked over to visit us.
Rachel never mentioned her ex-husband, but she did obtain the house and a substantial amount of money after the divorce. Mom told me it was due to a dispute concerning children but wouldn't divulge whether my aunt wanted offspring or he did. Without hearing the true story, but knowing him, I suspected he had an affair.
Our time together the last few years has really bonded Mom and me, working and playing together. Mom rented an apartment for me at the university, thinking it would be more comfortable than living in a dorm. I figured it was an incentive to keep me at school, allowing her to develop a relationship. Coming home once a month would give Mom plenty of freedom, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't dating. After three months, Mom pleaded with me to come home every weekend because she and my aunt missed my company. Gladly accepting her proposal, I changed my schedule according to Mom's wishes.
My time with Mom and my aunt increased my sexual frustration. When I arrived back at school on Sunday night, I'd call up one of the girls I cycled through. They didn't know why they received such a good fucking each time I returned, and I wasn't honest enough to tell them I was fantasizing they were my mother. I picked girls that looked similar to Mom or Aunt Rachel, avoiding an emotional attachment to any of them. They made it clear they were with me for the sex and didn't want to get tied down to anyone during school, so I didn't mind using them to stave off my incestuous lust.
Mom and Rachel remained close, neither dating. They devoted their full attention to me when I came home for the weekends, and I looked forward to being with them through the summer. Jealous men stared at us when we'd go out on the town. My aunt dressed less conservative, although, much to my dismay, neither would go braless.
Eating out was especially hard as I would sit by Mom with Rachel across from us. She wore a bra, but her dresses showed a lot of cleavage from her full, meaty breasts. She often caught me staring at her chest through dinner, not saying anything to my mother. She would go back to talking to Mom, smiling while acknowledging the admiration of her sexy wares.
*****
Mom interrupted my daydreaming, calling me for dinner. She had prepared one of my favorite meals to celebrate my homecoming. While we sat across from each other, I found myself longingly staring at her beauty. She even asked me a couple of times whether I didn't like my food since I wasn't eating much. It was hard to break away to eat, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings in her attempt to please me. Her eyes were magnets, deep brown and beautiful, a window to her soul.
After finishing, we retired to the living room to discuss our gardening plans. It was the time of year we'd have to do a lot of work to get them in shape for summer. She told me Rachel was anxious to come over and help, which wouldn't help subdue my aroused state. Unfortunately, I would have to seek a seasonal job to help pay for my escalating education costs. Summer employment would severely limit the time that I could spend with my two favorite ladies.
I was tired after the long trip and went to bed early, putting off job hunting until morning. I fell asleep fast, thinking of past images of Mom and my aunt. I woke up earlier than usual and went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom had a daily newspaper delivered, and whenever I was home, we'd share it while eating breakfast. I retrieved it and started to read while waiting for Mom's arrival.
*****
Mom's door creaked open, and I heard her faint footsteps patter down the hall. She lightly kissed me on the back of my neck. "Good morning, Sam. You're up early." I could smell her natural scent while her lips burned my flesh.
"Yes, I am. I slept well and wanted to start looking for a job," I replied while watching my mother walk around me to the counter. My gaze froze when I saw her blue nightie, barely covering her full, firm ass. It wasn't a see-through, but it clung to her tight enough, making it obvious she was nude underneath.
While she filled the coffee machine, my eyes locked onto her long, bare legs. It wasn't the first time I'd seen them, but they still excited me when displayed. When she finished and turned, I quickly looked down at the paper, disguising the fact I was leering. While she walked by me to go back to her room, my eyes lustfully followed her sexy body.
After a few minutes, she returned in a robe to prepare breakfast. She must come out to the kitchen each morning right after awakening and start the coffee machine before returning to her room to change. I had gotten up early before, and she always wore her robe. I wondered if she had changed her routine when I started college.
I made a mental note not to allow sleep to interfere with my early morning delight. Hopefully, Mom wouldn't revert to wearing her robe before coming out to start up the coffee in the future.
We talked while she cooked. After we ate and finished reading the paper, I helped her clean up. When done, she asked, "What are you going to do today while I'm at work?"
"Mostly looking for a job, but I'll find some time to work in the garden, too. I want to contribute more to my college expenses. It's not fair that you're bearing most of the burden."
She smiled and replied, "I don't mind. You help out here so much that I'm getting my money's worth. If you find a job, promise me it's one you'll enjoy. I don't want you picking one just for the money."
"Thanks, Mom."
She hugged me, wished me luck, and left to get dressed to go to work. Retreating to my room, I surfed for job leads. A few minutes later, I heard Mom's car pull out. I looked out my window and watched her drive away. As soon as her car disappeared, I was in bed, stroking my rock-hard cock, reliving the sight of her nightie-clad body. I didn't last long, coating my stomach with globs of hot cum.
I didn't have much luck finding a job, so I decided to take a break and go out. I stopped at the grocery store and picked up some items Mom had written on a list on the table. When I arrived home, Mom was already there. She greeted me with a hug, and I asked her if anything was wrong. She smiled and said, "I took off early to spend more time with you before you start a job. Unless you don't want me to."
"That sounds great, Mom," I replied. "It'll be fun hanging out together."
We walked around the garden, discussing what to do for the next few days. While we ate dinner later that night, I told her I wasn't having any luck finding a job. She looked disappointed before grinning and saying, "You never know; maybe something will come up."
Soon after, I retired to the living room to watch TV while Mom went to her room. She left the door open, and I could hear her talking on the phone, probably catching up with a friend. Their conversation was too faint to comprehend the content, but I did hear her say goodbye.
She came out and sat by me on the couch, wrapping her arm around me to hug me. I could feel the heat from her body and her breath when she told me she would help me with a job. I turned and looked into those beautiful eyes while she continued to tell me she was talking with her friend Sharon regarding some available work. I remembered Sharon from our old neighborhood. She was Mom's age and was equally hot.
"Sharon has quite a bit of work to do around her house and is willing to pay you good money to help," Mom said.
Sharon was wealthy and would usually give me a twenty when we'd visit her; for my college fund, she'd say. I looked forward to good pay while working around a hot-looking woman.
"Thanks, Mom. That sounds great," I replied.
Mom smiled and kissed me on the cheek before returning to her room to call Sharon. She came out later and informed me I would start the next day. After a few more minutes, I told Mom I was heading to bed to get a good night's sleep. Setting my alarm to get up early, I drifted off fast.
*****
I was up and reading the paper, anxiously awaiting Mom's arrival. She made her appearance at the same time, wearing the same nightie. My plan worked while I leered at her scantily clad body. She repeated her routine, leaving and returning to fix breakfast in her robe. I told Mom I'd probably be late returning home since Sharon's house was an hour away. She hugged me goodbye, wishing me luck with my job. Her sexy, parting smile was enough to arouse my horny prick.
I made it to Sharon's place, and she was still as hot as I remembered. We reviewed the things she wanted to complete, and the list looked short enough that I was sure I could do it in a day, although Mom had told me there was a week's worth of work. After finishing the first item, I realized the main job Sharon wanted to accomplish was to have her pussy filled with a young hard cock. Her seduction plan wasn't complicated, leading me to her bedroom, stripping off her clothes, and begging me to fuck her hard.
She kept me in bed all day, obviously not getting the spousal sexual attention she required. She told me her husband was out of town on a business trip until the end of the week, probably fucking his secretary instead of attending meetings. She wasn't upset about his indiscretions as she was financially comfortable in their relationship. Neither of them desired a divorce and was satisfied with the status quo.
Exhausted from my workout, I arrived home late. Mom asked me how it went, and I told her there was a lot of hard work to do, which would keep me busy for the week. She smiled and told me how happy it made her knowing she was able to help with the arrangement. I went to bed early to get up for Mom's negligee showing.
Each day was a repeat of events starting with Mom in the morning and Sharon taking a sexual pounding during the day, allowing me to live out my incestuous fantasies. Sharon's sexual demands exhausted me so much one day that I blew it and slept past Mom's nightie show. Friday arrived too soon, signaling the end of my work week. I hoped Sharon would extend my time, but she explained she didn't want the neighbors to get suspicious and that she had enough memories to last a while. She thanked me with a day of sex, and I left with a check for five hundred dollars.
Mom had one of my favorite meals ready when I arrived home, and we discussed our weekend plans. We decided on several projects in the garden, and she mentioned that her sister would come over to help. I looked forward to spending a weekend with them. Signing and handing the check to Mom brought out a big smile when I told her to use it to help pay for college expenses.
After breakfast the next day, we worked in the garden. Shortly after we began, my aunt showed up, looking as good as ever. We had never felt comfortable hugging since she was close to my age. Instead, she stroked my arm with her hand in a greeting fashion, smiling wide and causing my groin to tingle. We toiled through the day, broke for lunch, and decided to dine out to celebrate our day of hard work.
Aunt Rachel went home to change while Mom and I picked her up on the way out. They were radiant at dinner, and I couldn't have been happier being out with these two beautiful women. Envious husbands stared at us while we dined. Sleep came easy after a full day of work.
*****
After breakfast, Mom pulled her chair to face mine. She sat down and scooted up closer, intertwining our legs. Her bare leg rubbed against mine under our robes when she leaned forward and stroked my arms. Her smooth, firm knees pressed along my hairy thighs sent electric shocks to my hardening cock.
"I have something important to discuss with you," Mom softly said while smiling. I stroked her arms in the same manner, relaxing both of us. Fortunately, my robe concealed my hard prick resulting from our close contact.
She stared at me as if she were trying to decide how to tell me what she had on her mind. I looked back into those brown eyes and immediately felt at ease.
"I had a long phone conversation with Sharon last night," she started.
My relaxed state dissipated, fearing what Sharon had told Mom.
"Sharon thinks she's pregnant," she divulged, still staring at me.
I could only imagine the panic-stricken look sweeping across my face. I hadn't used protection with Sharon. She pulled me tight each time when I flooded her cunt with cum. I had wrongly assumed she was on some kind of birth control.
"It's your baby, Sam," she continued.
Angst swept through me while my hands squeezed tightly on Mom's arms. What an idiot I had been, forgetting about protection. My mind raced with the implications of getting someone pregnant. Mom could see my discomfort and moved her hands to mine, pulling them away and holding them tight, smiling widely, amused at my predicament.
"Relax, it's okay. Sharon wanted to conceive. She told me how she seduced you and had tricked you into thinking she was protected," Mom quietly said, attempting to calm me. Moving her hands to my arms, she stroked up and down to ease the tension.
Taking a deep breath, I replied, "Wow, Mom. I had no idea. And you're okay with this? Does she want anything from me?"
"She wanted a baby, and her husband couldn't give her one," Mom explained. "She's elated and doesn't want anything from you. You know, it's not uncommon," she said, locking her eyes with mine.
"Not uncommon?"
Explaining further, she stated, "Yes. Wealthy women routinely find a young man to impregnate them when their husband can't or doesn't want to."
"Why don't they go to a fertility clinic and get inseminated," I asked, more relaxed from Mom's gentle caressing.
"They usually prefer the more discreet method. Most of the time, the husband won't allow it, afraid his colleagues might find out and think he is less of a man for it. Sharon asked me to have this talk with you to make sure you're okay. She hated not asking you in advance but feared you'd say no to her," she stated, looking for my reaction.
I smiled and said, "It's fine, Mom. I like Sharon, and I'm glad she's happy now. It was quite a workout last week, though."
"No details, Sam. A mother doesn't want to know those kinds of things," she laughed, breaking the tension.
She pulled back, and we went to change for another day of work in the garden. Aunt Rachel arrived mid-morning to help out. Several times Mom caught me staring at my aunt, bending over and displaying her ample cleavage. My face reddened, realizing I wasn't that sneaky, but Mom only smirked and continued to work. We ate at home, Rachel leaving right after.
After our showers, we relaxed on the couch, watching TV before retiring for the night. Mom draped her arm around me and stroked my upper arm again as she did in the morning. She moved my arm to do the same while we enjoyed the moment, massaging and bonding together. Her skin was smooth and soft. I could have remained there for the rest of the night. I gently squeezed her arm several times after she did it to me.
We were ready to call it a night when she looked over at me and said, "I enjoyed the time we spent together during the weekend. It was fun working and playing together again. I've missed your company more than I thought I would when you were at school."
I replied, "I always enjoy working in the garden with you and Aunt Rachel. It's going to be a bummer having to look for another job tomorrow." I secretly wondered if she had any more hot friends needing help.
As if she read my mind, Mom said, "Sharon told me some of her friends are jealous of her now," her eyes locked with mine. "You know, there is a way you can spend more time with me this summer and still earn money."
Observing my clueless look, she disclosed her plan. "Sharon says her friends would be willing to pay for the same service. It wouldn't take long, and you could spend more time here with Rachel and me."
Now it hit me. Mom wanted me to impregnate Sharon's friends. Trying to hide my excitement, I responded, "Gee, Mom, you want to pimp out your son? That doesn't sound legal."
Squeezing my arm harder, she replied. "Not pimping. It isn't sex. You'd be inseminating desperate women. We would provide a service they need; they're willing to pay well for it."
"Umm, Mom. You do realize sex is part of it, don't you? How about the legality of it? What if they want to come after me for child support or something?"
She explained the process in length. She assured me these women had no intention or desire to establish a relationship with me. They didn't even want to see my face during the process. It wouldn't be lovemaking; it would be a simple infusion of sperm. They required secrecy because they didn't want to involve anyone else. Sharon had a loyal attorney draw an agreement to protect both parties from further action. The women would be people we hadn't met to further cement anonymity.
The plan was well thought out. I wondered how long Mom and Sharon had been working on the details. It was hard to contain my excitement over my new summer job prospect. I replied, "Sure, Mom. I'll do it. Giving me more time to help around here will be nice."
"Great, Sam. I'm taking off work this week to spend more time together," she informed me, returning to the smooth-stroking on my upper arm.
*****
Sleep once again came easy, dreaming of my new summer job. Awakening early, I waited for Mom to show up for breakfast. She was late. I feared she'd sleep in since she took the week off. I was ready to return to my room when I heard her door open and close.
She kissed my neck and started the coffee machine. She wore a dark green and sleeveless nightie, which revealed a small strip of thigh meat while she glided around the kitchen. The other difference was that she didn't change, staying to prepare breakfast.
Once the food was ready, she served us and sat opposite me. Her new nightie had a thin gap in front which displayed a small amount of cleavage. I openly stared at the exposed flesh of the insides of her full breasts. She continued to eat as if nothing had changed. My prick was rock-hard through the meal. I barely heard her talk to me concerning the day's events.
"Sam! Did you hear me? I said I'm going to Sharon's for a while to work out the details," Mom said, breaking me out of my trance.
"Sorry, Mom. I was thinking about working in the yard," I lied.
As soon as we finished and I spotted her car going down the road, I was already stroking my prick, quickly cumming to the vision of my mother's sexy body. I worked in the garden, and Mom showed up several hours later. We ate and decided to go to the movies with Rachel in the afternoon. It was a pleasant day, but my thoughts centered on what she and Sharon had discussed today.
My aunt left for her house afterward, leaving Mom and me on the couch again.
Capturing my gaze, Mom said, "I met with a client at Sharon's and made arrangements for us to rendezvous tomorrow. Our client will show up here while you wait in your room. I won't introduce you to her. They don't want to be able to recognize you if they happen to see you later. I'll prepare her for the procedure. She'll be on my bed, covered with a sheet. Your job is to uncover her far enough to conduct your business. The client won't expose her face nor talk to you."
I nodded to acknowledge my instructions. Concerned whether I'd be able to get hard without any foreplay, I rebuked, "I don't know, Mom. No kissing, no talking, and slight touching. I don't know if I'll be able to perform with those restrictions."
Silent for a moment, thinking over what I said, she replied, "It might be a challenge. I'll let them know you may have to caress their legs to advance things, and you can talk to them if it helps. They won't respond to anything you say. They desire a successful outcome, so I'm sure they'll be tolerant for whatever it takes."
*****
Mom was once again clad in her green nightie while we ate breakfast. I went to my room to await the call for my services. I didn't change out of my robe, keeping my thoughts on anything but Mom. I didn't want to blow off a load prematurely. I heard a car pull up, and soon after, muffled voices drifted up from downstairs. Mom was preparing our client. Hearing a light knock on my door, I opened it to see Mom still clad in her nightie.
Seeing my surprised look, she explained, "Don't be alarmed, Sam. My style of dress makes for a more relaxed atmosphere for the clients."
I wasn't about to complain; I wouldn't mind if she wore it all day. She stroked my upper arms, holding me. I did the same, relishing in the texture of her smooth, soft skin. She asked, "Honey, we didn't talk about payment and how much you'd like after expenses."
"Mom, keep whatever you get," I replied. "You're putting me through college. You deserve it, and I don't need any money. You take care of everything as it is."
She smiled and pressed her thinly covered body to mine in a tight hug. I felt her braless tits squash my robe-covered chest while we stroked each other's arms. I quickly hardened and released her before it became too obvious. She smiled and told me to wait a few minutes before coming down. Apprehension swept through me while I anxiously waited to start my new summer job.
I nervously ventured downstairs to Mom's bedroom, closing the door behind me. I removed my robe, my prick already softening from the pressure of the situation. A silk sheet was attached to Mom's headboard, covering the woman's body to her feet.
Her breasts pushed up the sheet as well as her pelvic bones. I walked up close and moved the covering up, exposing her legs below her knees. They were a deep brown, not from her race, but from suntanning. This woman was a sun worshiper. Her legs were closed together, and her muscles tensed when I ran my hands up and down her lower legs.
Her skin felt tough, leathery, and dry from the damaging sun. Seeing her nervous state, I quietly spoke to her, attempting to ease her stress. I moved the sheet up further, stroking her upper legs and thighs. Her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was so uneasy that I was afraid we would have to cancel.
I was entirely soft as my mind raced to try to think of how to proceed to put this woman more at ease. Suddenly it hit me. She loved to bask in the sun and was probably proud of her tan.
While gently massaging her legs, I said, "Your legs are a beautiful shade of deep brown and really sexy." Feeling her muscles relax, I continued, "Imagine that you're tanning in the sun. You feel the warm sun rays hitting your skin." Her fingers relaxed while she escaped to her happy place.
While I stroked her thighs, I said, "Pretend that my hands are yours, spreading oil on your legs." It worked; her thoughts shifted to a more pleasant environment when she spread her legs apart a few more inches. Gently, I uncovered her pussy. A pillow was under her lower back, elevating her hips. I wasn't sure if this was part of the procedure to hold in my sperm or if it was to help me penetrate the woman without having to lie on top of her.
Her mound was smooth except for a landing patch above her slit. I could see a lighter tone of skin where she had worn a bikini bottom for much of the time she was in the sun. I slowly ran my fingers up and down her slit. Her legs were still too tight together to allow me to enter. My best chance would be to put her at ease in the setting she felt most comfortable.
"Your tan is unbelievable, perfectly toned and even," I told her, stroking her inner thighs. "Imagine you're soaking in the rays, relaxed and sexy."
Her body softened as she opened her thighs wider, allowing more access to her slit. She responded as I had hoped. Pressing on with the scene, I continued, "You must tan in your backyard, but you have to put on your bottoms when friends or a delivery man shows up."
Her hips excitedly moved while I proceeded with the fantasy. "I wish I was the lucky delivery man, coming in the yard and seeing a tanned, sexy, nude woman on display."
Moisture appeared on her slit, her fantasies overcoming her nervousness. "You need to be cautious when suntanning nude, not knowing when a friend or a family member will arrive unannounced."
Her body twitched when I said a family member. I was narrowing in on one of her hidden fantasies. "Your daughter might see you and get embarrassed seeing her nude mother. Or maybe even your son."
Her hips involuntarily bounced when I mentioned her son. I quickly formed a plan on how to proceed. I stroked her wet slit while she mulled over what I said. I hardened, knowing this woman was mentally fantasizing about her son.
"I can visualize how it might happen. One day you're tanning nude when you hear the phone ring in the house. You're slow to answer it, and the recorder is already on. You hear your son talking, and you're about to pick it up when you stop and let the answering machine take the call. He explains that he's getting off work and will be home earlier than normal. Thinking you're visiting friends, he tells you he's going to get some sun until you get back."
She opened her legs wider while I talked her through the incestuous fantasy. I alternated from stroking her thighs to caressing her engorged cunt lips. "You know why your son called. He lives at home, unable to afford his own place after graduation. He came home early once and caught you sunbathing nude. He yelled out in surprise, and when you looked up, he ran back inside. After you put your suit on, you went in to see him, carefully avoiding any discussion concerning the incident. His face was red, but more importantly, his pants bulged out. Your son's prick was rock-hard from looking at his beautiful, naked mother."
She moved her hands and cupped her ass cheeks, massaging them, raising her pelvic area to my exploring hands. She heated up with my fantasy. My manhood was at full attention, living out her mother-son seduction.
"You know what you should do as a good mother. Wearing your suit would be the proper course of action so you wouldn't embarrass him again. He doesn't think you're home, assuming you're out. Your excited, throbbing cunt overrides any sensible thoughts. You get up and move the lounge so your horny, motherly pussy will be on full display when he exits the door. Hearing his car pull in the drive, you position yourself and spread your legs to put on a show for your son. Your dark sunglasses prevent him from seeing you looking as if you're asleep."
Bringing her knees up, she spread her legs wide, opening her glistening groove as her fantasy unfolded. I massaged her pussy and the lightly tanned area surrounding her fiery hole. Her pale skin was much smoother and reminded me of Mom's arm when I stroked it.
Continuing with my story, I described, "You hear the patio door slide open and see him through your shades. He's wearing trunks and ready to sunbathe when he suddenly stops and stares at your nude body. He softly calls out your name, not loud enough to wake you but enough to see if you're sleeping. You remain silent. He advances closer, unable to take his eyes off your pussy. He pulls his trunks down, and you see your son's hard prick for the first time since he was a child. It's bigger than you imagined and rock-hard from staring at his mother's bare pussy."
She thrashed her hips while she visualized her aroused son standing before her. Her hands went to my back and stroked up and down. Inserting two fingers into her wet cunt, I slowly slithered them in and out of her leaking pussy.
"Your son slowly strokes his hard cock while staring at his mom's open gash. He cups his balls for a couple of strokes before proceeding back up to the head."
She moved her hands from my back to firmly wrap them around my prick. She followed the act I described her son was doing. She lightly squeezed my balls while pumping my slick shaft, twisting my fat, bulbous head on the upstroke. Both of us leaked love juices while we enacted our fantasy.
"You sense him move closer to the lounge. Your son's forbidden prick is dangerously close to your open pussy. He calls your name again, gaining confidence when you groan and moan, thinking you're dreaming. You murmur his name and hump your hips up as if you're fucking him in your sleep state. You hoarsely whisper your fantasy of how much you've yearned to have his hard prick jammed up your horny pussy."
Her hands left my prick and went to hold my sides. She gripped tightly, anticipating the moment her son fucked her. I closed the gap between us and ran my slippery, engorged head around the mouth of her pussy. She bucked up, capturing and pulling my prick into her hungry canal.
"Your son is hard as a rock now and couldn't pull out if he wanted to. He didn't want it to go this far, but mistakenly his prick entered his mother's sacred slot. Even though he thinks you're still asleep, he tells you he's sorry and asks for forgiveness. He's wanted to do this for a long time and can no longer deny himself. Proclaiming his love for you, he slides his hard cock into your horny pussy."
I fed my prick into her tight sheath. Her lubricated channel allowed me to push in until my balls hit her ass. I pulled back and plowed in again. She gasped for air under the sheet. I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, elevating our passions. She humped and gyrated her hips, fully immersed in her incestuous fantasy.
Squeezing my waist hard, she pulled me in tight on each downstroke. I had already exceeded Mom's restrictions but decided to push the limit. My hands crept under the sheet, approaching her breasts. It was time to change my role-playing technique to be more personal.
"Oh, Mom! Your pussy is hot and tight. I've dreamed of this for years. I have to hold your tits. They're magnificent; I love you more than you know," I choked out. I cupped her meaty mounds, massaging her full globes while my cock pounded her pussy. Her head turned side-to-side under the sheet while her moaning grew louder.
Too many times, I had fantasized I was fucking my mother with my girlfriends but was careful not to call out my Mother's name nor exclaim the lustful feelings I harbored for my mother. Able to fully enact my fantasy, I fucked her furiously because she was my mother in my mind.
I captured her blood-engorged nipples between my fingers, tweaking and pulling her sensitive buds. We were both excited about the enactment, unable to last much longer. Her pussy quivered, humping up each stroke to pull me in as deep as possible.
"Oh, Mommy. I'm going to cum. I'm ready to blow my load. I don't think I can hold out any longer. I don't know if you're on protection; maybe I should pull out and ...,"
She wouldn't allow me to finish my fake dialogue. She grabbed my asscheeks and pulled me in as tight as she could. I screamed, "Mommy, I'm cumming in you. I'm filling your pussy with my sperm."
Streams of cum shot out the end of my prick into her welcoming hole. She came violently on my second release. Our mutual orgasms intensified our passions while we fucked as mother and son. I kept my prick embedded in her clasping cunt for several minutes after we finished. When I finally softened, I pulled out. Reaching down, I stuffed my fingers into her hole, attempting to cram as much sperm into her as possible.
"That's a giant load of cum in you, Mom. I imagine my sperm are fighting over your eggs from our first incestuous fuck. I'm so lucky to have such a hot mother," I croaked, slowly pulling my fingers out. She closed her legs tight, trapping my fingers in her filled pussy. It was her silent approval.
Backing off, I pulled the sheet down to cover her. Slipping on my robe, I wondered whether this would be my last job since I disobeyed several of Mom's rules. After returning to my room, I jumped in the shower. I heard Mom's bedroom door click open and close while washing off the smell of sex.
While drying off, our client's car left. When I met Mom downstairs, she wore work clothes. She smiled and said, "Let's work on the garden. It's a beautiful day."
She didn't mention my performance while toiling in the soil, both of us pretending my mother hadn't just set me up to fuck a woman.
After dinner, she sat by me on the couch and wrapped her arm around me. I did the same, and we stroked each other's upper arms while watching a comedy. She broke the silence, asking, "How'd it go this morning? Do we need to modify any of the procedures?"
"It was nearly a disaster. It was more difficult than I thought to perform without any foreplay," I replied.
She showed her dismay, hugging me tightly in consolation.
After languishing in the hug for a minute, I continued, "Caressing her legs didn't help much. Her skin was tough and leathery from tanning long hours in the sun; not very sexy. I think she was nearly your age, but I bet she looks at least ten years older."
Mom exclaimed, "Wow! You're good at guessing ages. She is my age, and I noticed the sun's effect on her. It's a shame women don't realize the damage the sun can do. So you were able to proceed anyway?"
Squeezing and caressing her upper arm, I said, "Yea, I had to visualize smoother skin when I touched her."
My mom's hand squeezed mine, shrieking, "You thought of your mother when you were with her?"
"No, Mom. That would be weird, just the feel of your skin. It's so smooth and soft, and I had to do something, or I wouldn't have been able to proceed," I replied. She exhaled and released her hand from mine, allowing me to continue caressing her arm.
"I did put you up to this, and if it helped the process, I can't complain," she acquiesced.
"I hope she was happy with the results. I did the best I could," I cautioned, looking to Mom to gauge her reaction.
She replied, "I told her I didn't want any details, but she said that you performed well and stayed within our preset boundaries. She thought you were sweet, and your soothing conversation put her at ease. She was quite pleased; I believe our first case was a complete success."
Thankfully, she changed subjects as I was getting hard, reliving the time spent with our first client. I was glad the woman hadn't revealed the fantasy we enacted. Relaying too much information to Mom didn't seem like a great idea. I wondered if the woman had already fucked her son or even had one. If so, he might be in for quite a surprise.
*****
My aunt arrived around noon the next day to help us in the garden. Mom excused herself for an errand, leaving Rachel and me to finish work. It provided the perfect opportunity to leer at my aunt without the threat of Mom catching me. Mom was back in time for dinner. We ate, and Rachel left for home. Mom and I retired to our rooms early after a long day of work.
During breakfast, Mom wore a short, pink nightie. The entire lengths of her luscious thighs were bare. When she shifted, a flash of dark red panties peeked out. After we ate and cleaned up, Mom stopped next to me on her way to her bedroom. She turned to display a perfect view of the backs of her legs. She quietly asked, "Sam, could you do me a favor? Could you see if I have any cellulite on my legs? It happens to many women, and I want to know if there are any signs."
Before this, I had been stealing looks at her luscious legs. I couldn't believe my luck that she had permitted me to gawk at her shapely bare legs. Taking my time, I surveyed up and down her smooth, toned legs. Her nightie barely covered her panties, allowing me to see all of her creamy thighs. Rapidly breathing, I stuttered, "No sign of anything, Mom. Your legs are very smooth, fantastic looking, and incredibly sexy."
"Thank you, Sam. Although, I'm not sure you should be complimenting your mother's legs in that manner," she said with a smirk. "I'm just worried cellulite will ruin my appearance. I am getting near that awful age," she added, referring to her closing in on forty.
"Mom, there's nothing wrong with your legs, and even if there were, you're still a beautiful and sexy woman," I complimented her and blushed, surprised at my bold remark.
She turned to face me and smiled, seeing my flushed state. "Thanks, Sam. Let's get dressed and do some yard work."
We met in the garden and worked for a few hours. At three in the afternoon, I asked," Mom. Is Aunt Rachel coming over to help?"
She hesitated as if making up a story. Finally, she explained, "No, not today. I had to lie and tell her we were busy tonight. I scheduled an appointment with a new client. I met her yesterday and scheduled her for today at four. I hope it's okay with you."
Taken aback by her announcement, I hesitated, but not long enough for Mom to continue. I replied, "Sure, Mom; It's fine. I have to clean up first. I'll head in and wait for you in my room."
After my shower, it didn't take long before a car pulled up. I heard the door and muffled talking while they walked down the hall to Mom's room. Soon after, I heard a soft knock on my door. I let Mom in and immediately smiled, seeing her dressed in her short, pink nightie. She told me our client was ready and hugged me tightly. I pressed my face against her neck, breathing in her natural scent, which I'd come to love.
She held my hands with hers and guided them to the backs of her thighs above her knees. Leaning close to my ear, she whispered, "Sam, could you feel my legs to see if you can detect any cellulite? You said you couldn't see any, but maybe you can make sure."
It was an incredible moment. It was one thing to admire my mother's legs, quite another to caress them. My hands slowly ran up the backs of her smooth, firm flesh, relishing the feel. My cock hardened fully and uncomfortably lodged between us. When my fingers brushed against her panties, I moved back down. I explored her legs again, stopping to squeeze her succulent flesh when I neared her ass. Her hot breath washed over my neck when I groped her thighs. Moving up, I started to cup her ass when she grabbed my hands and pulled me away.
She smiled and said, "Careful honey, that's not my legs. Did you find anything unusual?"
I replied, "No, Mom. They're terrific. No sign of any cellulite. In fact, they're the best legs I've ever felt."
"Oh, stop it," she giggled.
She stepped back, signaling it was time for my services. When she turned to leave, I lustfully leered at the beautiful legs I had caressed minutes earlier. After a few moments, I proceeded down the stairs to take care of the next client.
As soon as I entered Mom's room, I dropped my robe. Approaching our covered client, I slowly moved the sheet up. I left her pussy covered while I stroked her legs, hoping to relax her in this uncomfortable setting. Her skin was smooth like Mom's, and she looked like she might be five years older.
I stroked her legs, and when I ran my hands up to the back of her thighs, I felt the dimples. It was cellulite, and I thought of when Mom asked me to look and feel her legs for the signs. It became clear that Mom was determined to help me through each client. I told her she had helped me on the first one, so she had taken it upon herself to assist me. She had interviewed the woman the previous day and noticed the cellulite.
I didn't dwell on her dimpled skin, not wanting to cause concern for the poor woman. She was probably already self-conscious, and I didn't want to add to her apprehension. After a few minutes of caressing and praising her legs, I felt her relax. I seized the moment and shoved the sheet above her waist, exposing her pussy.
No sign of hair to distract from her puffy, clean-shaven pussy. It was her best trait, and I think she knew it. I ran my fingers up and down her fat lips while complimenting her on her slick, smooth pussy. She spread her legs, relaxing while I played with her treasure. I inserted a couple of fingers into her hot hole and discovered it was steamy and wet. She massaged my fingers expertly with her tight sheath.
I pulled my fingers out, even as she attempted to hold them with her muscled pussy. I stroked her thighs again, thinking of the vision of Mom's displayed bare legs. That was enough to bring me fully hard. Crawling up closer, I scraped my prick along her thighs, making my way to my target. She spread her legs wide, giving me complete access to her hungry, oily cavern.
Pushing my engorged head through her outer lips, her pussy clamped down hard, pulling my shaft in without my help. Her sucking snatch devoured my prick, pulling me to the bottom. I fucked her steady for several minutes, reveling in her experience of cock handling. Her pussy walls contracted at different times of my strokes, enabling her to rub my hard prick against her sensitive spots. Her hips moved in sync with her pussy as she took over the direction of the fucking.
I held onto her waist, squeezing her firm skin, holding on tight while she thrashed beneath me. Her skin reminded me of Mom's, and my mind flashed to the times I had stroked Mom's arms. My prick was hard as steel, getting a workout it had rarely experienced. Sensing I was nearing my climax, I shoved it in deep and held it there, letting it soak in an attempt to prolong my orgasm. Her pussy massaged my prick, and it felt like her hand was stroking me.
I paused my pumping, enjoying the moment. Images of my Mom's legs flashed before me. My fingers roamed across the waist of the woman fucking me while I relived the moment I caressed Mom's legs. Harder contractions on my prick brought me back from my fantasy. To my surprise, sperm gushed from my stem.
It was a first for me, cumming without stroking. I pulled back and shoved in hard, shooting the last of my load deep into the client's spasming cunt. Her pulsating walls milked out every drop of virile sperm from my balls. After I had spilled my entire load and was embedded deep in her pussy, she continued to massage my prick.
I softened, pulled out, and stopped to look at her beautiful gash one final time before covering her with the sheet. Leaving the room exhausted, I headed upstairs. I plopped down on my bed after taking a shower. I rested and nearly fell asleep when I heard her car leave.
The smell of cooking brought me downstairs, where I found Mom preparing dinner. We ate, and afterward, when we settled on the couch, she brought up the subject of my performance. "Sam, our latest client praised you as much as our first one. Excellent job!"
I was surprised as I felt I didn't do much to excite her. Maybe that was what turned the woman on, controlling the coupling.
With a concerned look, she asked, "Sam, did you have any problems this time?"
"No problems, Mom. Thanks to you, the cellulite didn't bother me," I assured her.
She blushed, smiled, and said, "Glad to help, honey. I wanted to make it easier for you."
Switching topics, we talked while watching TV for an hour when Mom turned and locked eyes with me.
"Sam, I hope you don't mind, but I made another appointment tomorrow morning at ten."
Trying to contain my excitement, I replied, "No problem, then we can do some things in the afternoon and go out for dinner. I guess you and Sharon must have interviewed more than one client yesterday."
"At least two," she confirmed, leaving for her bedroom. I wondered how many more she had lined up for me.
*****
Neither of us said much at breakfast. Mom wore a white nightie I'd never seen before. The material was opaque, and I could tell she had on a bra. It was longer than her other selections, going below her knees. It dawned on me that Mom had worn different negligees for each client. Did color have anything to do with it? Suddenly it hit me; it was the style, not color. The green one exposed her arms so I could stroke her smooth skin. The pink one was short, allowing me to feel her thighs. What did this white one signify? I wouldn't know the reason until she retrieved me for our guest. It was after nine when I excused myself to wait in my room.
I was lost in thought and didn't hear a car or any sounds from downstairs until soft knocking brought me out of my daydreaming. Mom knocked and entered, hugging me tight, nestling her mouth on my neck. Mom's scented hair and the pressure of her body against mine convinced my prick to rise to the occasion. She pulled back, leaving us face-to-face, and whispered, "Good luck, Sam."
She pressed her lips against mine and kissed me, keeping her mouth closed. Air rushed in and out of her nostrils. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue across my lips. Ready to stick my tongue out to meet hers, she pulled back, smiling. Was that lust in her eyes, or was it teasing?
After she left, I made my journey to our next client. Still hard from Mom's kiss, I gave myself a quick stroke while surveying the sheet-covered woman on Mom's bed. I could tell she was younger from the perky breasts pushing up the fabric, showing no sign of sagging. I moved the covering up to her knees, revealing her lower legs.
They were smooth looking and milky-white. I don't think the sun's rays had ever touched her legs, and when I caressed her, goosebumps appeared. The poor woman was nervous and would require some patience on my part. I lightly stroked up and down her lower legs, quietly talking to her. "Your skin is lovely. We'll go as slow as you want. I'll do whatever it takes to make our time together enjoyable." She relaxed while I continued to caress her smooth and sexy legs.
When it looked like she was comfortable, I pushed the sheet up to reveal her upper legs. I didn't want to go too fast, leaving her pussy hidden beneath the sheet. White, luscious thighs appeared before me. Perhaps the best-looking legs I've seen, other than my mother's. I sensuously stroked her thighs while keeping up with my quiet dialogue about her beauty. She opened her legs several inches.
Her white skin exalted purity. My arousal increased when I ran my hands up and down her smooth white thighs. Sun had never seen her skin as well as any other person in public, as it was evident she had fully covered herself. It was a special connection between us, and it excited me, knowing I was the only one to witness her hidden beauty. Snow White came to mind, and I made a mental note to refer to her like that in the future.
Leaning down, I kissed one of her luscious thighs, allowing my lips to linger against her soft skin. I inhaled her intoxicating natural scent and was glad she hadn't put on any perfume.
Opening my mouth, I sucked in a mouthful of delicious thigh meat. Unlike the other clients, thoughts of Mom didn't materialize while I continued to relish in her beauty. I heard a muffled groan from under the sheet when I munched on her thigh, her legs opening wider. While I paid homage to one leg, I massaged the other with my roaming hand. Pulling myself off her thigh was hard, but I was anxious to continue. I pushed the sheet up above her waist revealing a full, black, hairy bush.
It was a striking contrast to her lily white skin. Trimmed into a perfect triangle and uniform height, I could tell she had spent time grooming her mound. I ran my fingers through her silky forest and said, "Your pussy is beautiful. The deep, rich color of your hair against your smooth, white skin turns me on." My fingers gripped a tuft of fur on both sides of her slit and teasingly pulled up, opening her moist slit.
Running my fingers up and down her aroused pussy lips resulted in more groans of pleasure. When I inserted two fingers into her slot, she brought her knees up and spread her legs wide, allowing full access. Her excitement grew while I finger fucked her at an increasing rate. Using my other hand to spread her puffy lips, I exposed her meaty pussy while furiously finger fucking her. She was ready for a hot prick, but I hesitated. This woman was too sexy and beautiful to pass up, and I intended to enjoy this session thoroughly.
She panted, and her breasts heaved while I watched her taut nipples pushing up the sheet. When I lowered my mouth to engulf her clit, I drove two more fingers into her hot, wet cunt. Her hips rose when she climaxed. Shifting my mouth down to capture her copious cum flowing out, I removed my fingers, locking my mouth on her convulsing pussy. She came several times and then lowered her hips afterward to relax. I eased off and gently stroked her thighs, reassuring her as she recovered.
Her smooth, white belly beckoned to my lustful eyes. I ran my hands around her midriff, shoving the sheet above her perky tits. Dark-brown nipples capped her milky-white mounds. Cupping and squeezing her spongy breasts brought life back to her spent body.
When I twisted and squeezed her engorged nipples, more moans escaped from my covered Snow White. I lowered my body to her soft flesh to feast on an engorged teat. While I sucked her nub, her hands grasped the back of my head and pulled me tight against her firm breasts. One of her hands stroked my back while I sucked on one and then her other tit.
My arousal was sky-high, and I feared I might spill my load before entering her. Keeping my mouth locked on her breast, I pressed my prick into her juicy, open cunt. Her hips shifted to accept the stiff prick she craved. I shoved my fat head through her entrance, slowly entering her wet pussy. Her tight walls stretched while I descended. I slowed my pace, allowing her to adjust to my size. Her hand lowered from my back to my ass, pulling and coaxing me to fuck her hard. I pistoned in and out of her tight pussy in short strokes, not wanting to hurt her by sinking to the bottom.
Her pussy flooded, and her pussy juices coated my prick when her walls relaxed and gave way to my steel-hard intruder. Sinking to the bottom of her hungry pussy brought out a groan while she expelled the air from her lungs. I fucked her hard and fast, still feasting on her sensitive tits. Wrapping her legs around my waist and squeezing hard, she humped up each stroke, maximizing my depth. My spongy head flattened out when it collided against her back wall, causing her to groan and moan in pleasure.
Her pussy clamped down on my prick with her intense climax. I came on her second contraction, filling her cavern with streams of hot cum. After my balls drained, I still humped her, unwilling to allow the fuck to end. Lowering her hips to the bed, she unwrapped her legs and relaxed completely. I released her nipple, resting my head on her chest. Her deep breathing soothed me while we recovered from our intense coupling.
Mom kissing me was from the fact this woman showed no skin. Mom had no way of spotting any problems. That's why she wore the white nightie, which revealed very little of her body. Guessing our client's age to be mid-twenties, I was surprised she couldn't find a husband to bear children. She was a passionate and sexy woman. A facial disfigurement would explain a lot, or maybe she didn't want a complicated relationship. Mom and Rachel held the same view, which I suspected might not be rare.
I reluctantly pulled away, pausing for several minutes to admire her. I leaned down, kissed her nipples, and croaked, "Thank you for making love with me. I've never been with such a beautiful or sexy woman. You're unbelievable, and I've enjoyed every second I've spent with you."
I inwardly chuckled at how easy it was to expose my feelings to a woman that couldn't talk back with their face covered. I wished it was that simple to tell Mom my true feelings. Reluctantly, I rose and left for my room.
After showering and resting for an hour, I dressed and went downstairs, where Mom was preparing lunch. Mom didn't wait until evening to question me on my encounter, asking, "How'd it go this morning? You were in there longer than normal. Did you have any problems?"
"No, everything went fine. Thanks for asking. Other than being younger than our previous clients, I thought it went well," I commented while waiting for any expression from her that might give me a clue.
"It was hard to tell her age because of her perfect complexion, but I'd say she was in her twenties. She was pleased with our arrangement and even gave us a hefty bonus. She didn't provide a reason. Do you know why?"
I could see, from her questioning look, she wanted more information. I decided against telling her that maybe it was because our fuck was intense, and I made her cum twice before filling her. "No idea. Maybe she liked that we were discreet and protective of her privacy."
Her eyes were deep in thought, probably mulling over the fact the woman had been completely covered, showing little of her body. Her expression switched into understanding when she echoed, "Yes, you're right. She was a secretive young lady."
Satisfied with our discussion, she changed topics while we finished lunch. She informed me Rachel was coming over later to go with us to see a short film at the theater and then out to eat. I had fully recovered by the time Rachel showed up, and I had the age-old problem of shifting my prick to avoid detection. After dinner, my aunt headed home. Shortly after, I excused myself to retire to my room. I was exhausted from the full day of activities. While I climbed the stairs, Mom said, "Rest up, Sam. We have two appointments tomorrow."
I turned to reply, unsure of how to ask her how far apart my sessions would be when she spoke to ease my anxiety. "Don't worry, Sam. One is for ten tomorrow morning, and the other can't make it until eight at night. Plenty of time for you to recover."
Seeing my look of relief, she smiled and left. I wondered how many women she and Sharon had interviewed. I didn't complain, enjoying the best summer job ever. Sleep was good that night as I relived the time spent with Snow White. That was the first instance I hadn't thought of Mom when I climaxed. I thought maybe I was getting over my infatuation with my sexy mother.
*****
Those thoughts quickly dissipated, my prick staying hard through breakfast. Mom paraded around cloaked in another new nightie. Black in color, her hemline ended at mid-thigh. It was a heavier material, but I could tell she was braless, her nipples pushing out the top. I tried to figure out the significance of her attire. Her tits sticking out was the most obvious sign. She usually gave more of a clue when she fetched me for our client; I'd have to wait.
After I helped clean the kitchen, I retreated to my room to wait for our next client. I left my door ajar, allowing Mom to enter without knocking first. I sat on the edge of my bed, thinking about my time with Snow White. My prick rose out of the gap in my robe, exposing my fat, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed from the slit. I firmly gripped my bulbous head and twisted it like I was opening a doorknob, coating it with my juices. I released it, and the cool air felt good, attempting to dry my wet tip.
Lost in thought, I didn't hear Mom come up the stairs or enter my room. Jolted back to reality from Mom's voice, I heard her say, "Sweetie, I have another concern ..."
She stopped suddenly, staring at my hard prick proudly standing straight up out of my robe. The large helmeted head was filled with blood and still shiny with my slick juices. I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. I should have been more careful."
Still staring at my large, wet head, she murmured, "It's been a long time since I've seen that. I didn't realize it was so b..." She abruptly stopped, realizing she was commenting on her son's big prick.
Seeing her face turn red and flustered, I frantically searched for a way to help her. I blurted out the first thing I could think of that started with a 'B' and exclaimed, "Beautiful? You did have something to do with its creation, so of course, you'd think that." I smiled, trying to ease the tension while closing my robe to hide my erection.
In her uneasiness, she had folded her arms across her stomach, causing her nightie to pull tighter against her body. Her taut, engorged nipples pressed against the thin material. Her pointy teats held my attention while she strolled over to me for our ritual hug. Standing up, I hugged her tightly. She pressed close to me, attempting to make contact with the hard cock she had seen.
Bathing my ear with her hot breath, Mom whispered, "I'm afraid as I get older that I'm getting a lot less sexy. I'd like your opinion on another one of my concerns."
She guided my hands to the backs of her thighs under her nightie. She moved our joined hands upward, and when they landed on her bare cheeks, she asked, "Honey, do you think I'm losing my ass? I know older women tend to get a flat ass. I'm worried that I'm heading in that direction."
She released her hands while I cupped and gently squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I couldn't believe my luck; my hands held Mom's firm buns. My fingers spread out, dipping into the deep crevice between her cheeks, squeezing while advancing.
Mom's soft breasts filled and pressed into me when she sucked in a deep breath of air. My hard prick, trapped between our bodies, throbbed in agreement with my delight. Knowing her pussy was inches away, I contemplated exploring further, seeking her prize. As quick as the thought entered, Mom removed my hands off her buns, asking, "What do you think? Am I too far gone?".
"Mom, you have no worries. You have a perfect ass, if I may be so blunt," I huskily assured her.
She pulled back, hesitating while digesting my comment. She turned to leave and whispered, "Thanks, Sam. Good luck on today's client."
What was the help she was demonstrating this time? Full tits squashed against me or something related to her firm ass? My mind remained on Mom's bottom while I uncovered our latest client. I decided to push the sheet up in one motion today, revealing her legs and pussy at once. She had a thin, petite form and was near my aunt's age. A narrow patch of blonde hair was above her slit. Caressing her thighs and skinny waist relaxed her enough to open her legs, revealing an already wet slit. Her pelvic area was small, and I wondered how a baby would be able to emerge.
Full rounded breasts pushed the sheet up, maintaining their perfect shape. The client's perfect tits didn't match the rest of her body, drawing me to conclude this was someone's trophy wife. Natural blonde, artificially endowed boobs, and a skinny body type were the perfect attributes for an older businessman to brag to his buddies. Her proud tits reminded me of when Mom pressed her breasts into me. That must have been her hint. Maybe Mom thought augmented breasts would gross me out.
I would be happy to help the old bastard impregnate his young wife. Complimenting her skinny body is what this lady would love to hear. "I love your shapely legs and fit body. It looks like I'm the lucky recipient of experiencing how blondes have more fun."
It was enough; she fully opened her legs, revealing her tiny pussy.
Unsure if I could fuck this girl without causing her great pain, I decided to lengthen my foreplay. I ran my fingers up and down her slit while caressing her thin thighs and exposed midriff, telling her the entire time how sexy she looked. She squirmed, and her pussy was noticeably wetter when I inserted a finger into her tight canal. I finger fucked her and inserted more fingers when she loosened up. I moved closer to her wide-open legs and rubbed my wet head around the mouth of her pussy.
She humped up, attempting to lodge my prick in her cunt. I managed to pop the head beyond her lips, barely fitting in her tight vice-like sheath. Her hot pussy squeezed so tightly that it was on the verge of being painful for me. She acted as if it didn't bother her, probably used to a tight fuck. I short stroked her pussy, inching forward slowly, stretching her hole to accommodate my fat, stiff cock. Her pussy gushed juice, coating my invading prick, enabling me to advance to the bottom of her slot. Her hands stroked my back, pulling me in, encouraging me to fuck her faster.
Her tiny cunt transformed into a greedy, slick pussy, able to take the pounding my iron-hard shaft gave her. I fucked her hard while she kept coating my cock with her juices. She locked her legs around my back and humped to meet my thrusts.
I lowered my hands to her ass to get better leverage to pound her pussy when I discovered she had none. She was so skinny that fat tissue hadn't been able to accumulate. Understanding swept over me when I remembered Mom asking me to check out her ass. It was Mom's way of helping her son achieve success.
Before my prick softened from discovering her disappointing backside, I grabbed her hips and pounded in and out of this young trophy wife. I was on the verge of orgasm, and it appeared this girl wasn't close. Her breasts heaving up and down under the sheet caught my attention. She had to be proud of her prized tits. I moved my hands up under the sheet and cupped her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect, so big and firm. I love squeezing them," I croaked. The young trophy wife gyrated her hips, bouncing up and down while I fucked her. I couldn't tell if she was nearing orgasm when it hit me. Maybe there was another reason she married an older man.
I tweaked her taut, hard nipples while mauling her fake tits. The tight texture of her breasts was much like Mom's ass, and my mind went back to when I was groping Mom. Gambling, I said, "Cum for Daddy, sweetie."
Her body violently thrashed when I correctly identified her fantasy. I knew it would be much easier at that point. Thrusting hard and deep, I chanted, "I'm going to fill my girl's pussy full of sperm. You're having my baby. Cum on your Daddy's big prick, honey. Push us over the edge!"
She screamed with joy while her pussy clamped onto my erupting cock. Gooey globs of cum filled her receptive, pulsating pussy. Loud squishing noises filled the room while cum squirted out of her small cavity.
Slowing my pace, I continued to stroke to the bottom, hoping to push my virile sperm to the back of her pussy, closer to her cervix. When I softened, I stopped stroking and allowed my prick to soak in her flooded pussy. She unwrapped her legs and lowered them to the bed. Her tits rapidly heaved from the intense joining.
After I covered her tiny body, I whispered, "Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful body with me. Don't ever give up on your fantasies."
I left and met Mom in the hallway near the stairs. She smiled while shuffling by me to wrap matters up with our latest client. I didn't bother to shower since we would be working in the garden. I changed into my work clothes, making it to the backyard before Mom escorted our guest to her car. I worked on a bed hidden from the back windows to remain undetected.
Mom showed up later, and we worked together for several hours. She informed me the client was satisfied this morning and liked my style. I wasn't surprised and knew that discovering the woman's father-daughter fantasy tipped the scales.
Seeing my distant look, Mom asked, "You look concerned. Did you have any problems?"
"No problem at all. One thing though, a trophy wife won't have any problem with payment.."
Her questioning look prompted me to add, "Young, petite blonde with augmented breasts. It was pretty obvious."
She asked, "How do you know she was blonde? Did you uncover her head?"
Unsure of how to explain this to Mom, I gave her a 'duh' stare and bleated, "Damn, Mom. Hair grows in other places besides the head." It was entertaining to watch her expression while she processed the information. Her face turned beet-red when she visualized her son ogling a woman's pussy.
Changing the subject for her, I said, "There is one thing that could have been a problem, but you took care of it beforehand."
"What was that, Sam?" She was more than eager to change the conversation.
"Her ass, Mom. She had none. Thanks for taking notice and warning me."
Blushing again, she quietly quavered, "Thank you, dear. I do try to notice potential problems during my interviews. It may seem that I don't act motherly at times, but I'm trying my best to help you succeed."
Mom was uncomfortable with our conversation and quickly changed the topic to our schedule. "Take your shower," she ordered. "We're going out for dinner before our evening appointment." We cleaned up, dressed, and enjoyed each other's company at an upscale restaurant. I was fully recovered and hard through the meal, staring at my sexy mother.
Upon arriving home, I went to my room, stripped, and slipped on my robe. Leaving the door open again, I pondered whether to give Mom another display of my prick. I recalled the signals she sent out with each client and wondered what outfit or hint she'd provide. Too much longer at this job, and she'd end up with a large selection of nighties.
I thought,"Did she use the nightwear strictly for helping me with the women, or was she flirting with me? Should I confide in her and expose my feelings?"
She might have no desire for me, just motherly love. If she shared the same incestuous cravings, she would have acted on it when she came into my room with my prick sticking out of my robe. I still loved her and could deal with a non-physical relationship, but her sexy body would still provide me with fantasies. Deep in thought, I missed the sound of our client's car when I heard Mom climbing the steps.
"Sam, are you ready?" Mom asked, remaining outside my room, avoiding another embarrassing situation.
"Yes, Mom. Ready as I can be," I answered, rising from my bed. Mom entered and hugged me. She wore her blue nightie, the first one I saw her in. That threw me for a loop.
I wondered, "Did she run out of styles and have to resort to repeats? Did she know it was my favorite?"
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Unfortunately, it appeared there would be no leg or ass groping. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her while I stroked her back.
She released me, placing her hands on the side of my head to lock my eyes with hers. She pulled me tight to her moist lips, maintaining eye contact while we kissed. She opened her mouth wide enough to slide her tongue across my lips.
My tongue darted through my lips, meeting hers. Her eyes screamed lust, far beyond the motherly love kind. Our breathing rapidly increased when we kissed like no mother and son should. Regrettably, she pulled back and cooed, "Good luck. Enjoy yourself."
My gaze remained on the backs of her beautiful legs while she walked out the door. She kissed me before the session with Snow White. My prick jumped up, reminiscing the time we had spent together. Would this client be similar? Catching myself wasting precious time daydreaming, I snapped back to reality and made my way to Mom's room to meet the next client.
Her stiff nipples, pushing up the silky fabric, looked promising. Maybe this lady wouldn't be as uncomfortable as the others. I moved the sheet up to her knees and began caressing her lower legs. I guessed that the woman was in her mid-thirties and had kept in good shape. No signs of uneasiness while I stroked her hot legs. I moved my hands up under the sheet feeling her knees and upper legs. They were firm and smooth, and my hands explored every inch. I pushed the sheet up to below her pussy to admire her legs.
They were as beautiful to look at as they were to touch. I immediately recognized the shapely legs as Mom's. My mother was the woman hidden under the sheet. My prick expanded to maximum hardness. Was she testing me to ascertain whether my technique was adequate for her clients? Did she wear her blue nightie so I'd have a hint it was her? We never discussed her system of nightwear. Maybe she self-consciously wore it without realizing the significance. I wondered if she'd let me proceed partway before stopping me. Either way didn't bother me; I was going to enjoy as much of her succulent body as possible.
I began my usual routine, complimenting my client. "Your legs and thighs are some of the best I've seen. They're beautiful and so sexy." My hands advanced from her lower legs to her thighs, squeezing and caressing her meaty thighs. I wrapped my hands around them, achieving more skin contact.
She moaned from my soothing massage. I leaned down to kiss her nearest thigh while stroking her other. Her familiar scent hit me before a gush of pussy musk filled my nostrils. It elevated my lust to levels I hadn't felt before.
Releasing my mouth from her succulent thighs, I shifted upward and admired the sight of my mom's exposed flesh below her covered pussy. Moving my hands to the outside of her thighs, I gripped the sheet in both hands. My heart raced while I anticipated the first time I would look at Mom's pussy. Hearing her inhale sharply, I watched Mom's perky breasts pushing the sheet up and down. She knew her son was ready to unveil her motherly treasure and was as nervous as me. My hands slithered up the outside of her body, pushing the thin fabric up.
When I reached the middle of her flat stomach, blood flowed to my already hard prick when my mother's hairy pussy was exposed. Mom's breath was raspy and quick, realizing her son was staring at her pussy for the first time. She had trimmed the sides, leaving the middle patch intact. My gaze focused on her untamed and bushy mound. Her fat, blood-filled pussy lips were tucked in the middle of her forest of brunette fur. I ran my fingers up and down both sides of her pussy, mashing her lips together, then spreading them out, displaying a wet canal. She moaned under the sheet while I played with her pussy, my place of origin.
"Jesus, this is the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," I murmured. "Your hairy mound turns me on."
If, in fact, Mom was testing me, she would soon stop the process. I decided to show her how I treat our 'special' clients and see how serious she was to continue her charade.
"Someone as sexy and beautiful as you will receive our premium treatment. Your pussy requires much more attention than the other clients." She moaned, and her muscles tensed when she heard her son praising her motherly treasure.
Spreading her pussy apart, I lowered my mouth to her steaming snatch. When I licked up and down her sensitive pussy lips, she gasped and groaned with pleasure. My rough tongue explored higher until it found her clit. Another moan emanated from under the sheet while I mauled her sensitive nub. Her hands clenched tight but remained at her sides while I feasted on her horny pussy. I had to admit that she demonstrated a large amount of resilience to restrain herself while I pleasured her. My tongue darted into her hot canal, intensifying my attack.
Unable to contain herself, her hands flew to the back of my head, not to push me away but to pull me in harder. While my rough tongue explored her sensitive cunt walls, she grunted loudly, finally receiving the attention she had long desired from her son.
Raising her knees and capturing my head between her thighs, she squeezed tight, pulling my mouth to her starved pussy. Her body stiffened each time my tongue scraped along her sensitive walls. My face was soaked from her leaking pussy cream while she enjoyed the face-fuck from her son. Bringing her near orgasm several times, I'd ease up to let her recover. After ten minutes of teasing, I decided to escalate her to a climax.
Moving my mouth to the top of her pussy, I moved the hood of her sensitive nub to the side and captured her engorged clit. While I squeezed and rolled her most sensitive piece of flesh, I shoved three fingers deep into her hole. Her hips humped while her body tensed and shook from her long-awaited cataclysmic release. After a long guttural moan, juices erupted from her slot when she climaxed. I sucked her sweet nectar from her convulsing cunt. She humped several times into my sucking mouth while I maintained close contact.
Mom's arms and legs fell to the bed, exhausted from her incestuous climax. I pulled back to admire the prize I'd lusted after. Moving her hands up, she pulled a pillow over the top of her sheet-covered face. She must have been afraid I'd know it was her, anticipating a screaming episode when I finally entered her.
I thought, "Didn't she know I recognized her?"
She kept her face hidden, pretending to be a client. Maybe it was how she wanted the seduction to proceed, or she thought I'd finish and leave without realizing it was her. Not wanting to spoil her planned seduction, I didn't reveal that I knew she was my mother.
I caressed her thighs while she recovered from her orgasm. When I inched near her body, my hard prick bumped against her leg, leaving a trail of precum slime. The touch of my shaft on her smooth thigh resulted in a long groan, muffled by the pillow. I massaged her mound, running my fingers through her forest of soft fur.
"Your pussy is perfect. It's such a turn-on for me because your pussy is how I've fantasized my mother's would look. I love her and have wanted to stroke her pussy more than anything."
She still didn't talk but moaned and moved her hips around while I played with her hairy mound. Shifting lower, I stroked and caressed the smooth skin at the top of her legs. "And your thighs are so firm and smooth. They remind me of my mother's legs. She allowed me to touch them once. It was exciting, being able to stroke the legs of the woman I love."
I wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting them while massaging them. I spread her out wide, opening her juicy, hungry cunt. Her breasts heaved up and down under the sheet while her breathing rate increased. Her excitement grew, upon hearing her son's soothing talk. Her fingers gripped the sheets, her muscles tensing in anticipation of our incestuous liaison.
Sliding up her body, I rested my balls on top of her slimy slit and nestled my shaft on top of her soft mound. I shoved the sheet below her breasts, revealing her smooth midriff and rib cage. Caressing her hot skin, I squeezed chunks of flesh, marveling at her sexy body.
"Normally, I'm not allowed to expose your breasts, but you have me more excited than normal. I'm fantasizing you're my mom, and I've wanted to see and squeeze her breasts for a long time," I hoarsely croaked while moving the sheet up to her neck, exposing her glorious globes. They were bigger than I had imagined and topped with hard, pink nipples.
I cupped her succulent mounds, kneading and massaging them. Her breathing increased while I mauled her firm breasts. A gasp of air was released when I captured her nipples with my fingers and lightly twisted them. She humped her hips up, attempting to capture her son's cock. She wasn't playing any games now; she wanted to fuck her son.
It was a pivotal moment in our lives. To ensure Mom was willing to shed all of her inhibitions, I taunted her, "You are one horny lady, aren't you? This pussy deserves a fat cock shoved up it. I'm going to fuck you as if you were my mother."
She screeched through the pillow and widened her legs.
"Don't worry, sexy lady. I'll fuck you until your pussy gets the satisfaction it desires. And then I'll deposit a large load of sperm deep into your pussy." Delirious with excitement, I looked down to see my prick within an inch of its target. I used one hand to guide my fat head to her pussy and swished it around the mouth of her slot, smearing her slick fluids on my blood-engorged knob.
Knowing I would remember this moment forever, I didn't immediately enter her, swirling my tip around the thick lips surrounding her gaping gash. We breathed rapidly and shallowly while I prepared to return to my birth canal two decades later. I shoved until the flared bottom of my head went past her outer lips, nestled in a hot, wet oven of flesh. Her pussy contracted with a mini-orgasm while she screamed into the pillow, coating my head with slick cum.
I pulled out to admire my shiny, beet-red prick, anxious to get back into her warm interior. I pushed in further the next time, slowly parting the folds of her long unused channel. Repeating the shallow fucking, I stretched her pussy while she bathed my cock with oily cum from her mini-orgasms.
Her pelvis humped up and down, trying to swallow more of her son's hard prick. While my cock slid deeper into her tight sheath, I teased her nipples. Her velvety pussy walls surrounded my rock-hard cock while I slowly descended. Her juices copiously flowed, covering my shaft, enabling it to easily slice through her clasping cunt. My eyes locked onto my prick, sliding into my mother's pussy for the first time.
Hitting bottom, our pubic hairs meshed together, causing us to groan in unison. I remained fully embedded and whispered, "This is how I envisioned it would look if I ever fucked my mother. It feels so good. My mom gave birth to me and gifted me with a prick that would fill her pussy completely."
She was beyond groaning, more like gurgling. Her hips and thighs moved around, signaling her desire for a good, solid fuck from her son. I pulled back and slammed in hard, then again. Mesmerized by my hammering cock sliding in and out of my mother elevated my excitement level. Our freely flowing sex juices saturated our pubic hair. My prick was slathered with a white, frothy mixture of sex juices enabling it to slide effortlessly to the bottom of my mother's cunt.
Hypnotized by the erotic sight of my slick shaft stroking in and out of Mom's hot pussy, I fucked the love of my life harder than I had ever fucked anyone. Our pubic hair matched in color and mashed together on my forceful down strokes.
We neared our first mother-son climax. Mom's face remained hidden under the sheet while she clung to her fantasy of incest, her way of dealing with our sinful copulation. I lowered down and merged our sweaty bodies. Her hands wrapped around my back, hugging me tightly. Unlike our hugs in the past, there was no silk nightie separating us. Our hot, naked flesh melded together, and my excitement was at an all-time high, knowing this was my mother. My hands traveled up her back, landing on her shoulders.
Pulling me tight to her hot body, she wrapped her legs around me, attempting to fill her hungry snatch with more of her son's cock. Her pussy shivered with micro-orgasms while we fucked like rutting animals. Her hard nipples drilled into my chest. The only sounds louder than our gasping were the sloshing noises of our incestuous coupling.
Using her shoulders to pull her into me, I plunged my steel rod into her hungry pussy, smashing my spongy head against her back wall, causing my mother to gasp and groan on each stroke. I slowed my pace and allowed our excitement levels to decrease. With her hands on my back, I took the opportunity to remove the pillow from her head. She enjoyed our joining so much that she didn't even notice that only the sheet separated us now.
Moving my hands down her back, I gripped her ass cheeks, using them to increase the penetration depth of my hard drill. I fucked her hard when I leaned close to her sheet-covered head to compliment her. "You have a beautiful ass. It reminds me of my mother. She let me hold it, and I have never been so hard. I dream of fucking my mother every day. I love her but have been afraid to tell her."
She had a hard time breathing, gulping air with each stroke. Her fingernails lodged deep in my back, holding me tight. I was ready to cum, and I knew how I wanted our first mating to finish. I moved one hand to the sheet and exclaimed, "I'm ready to cum now. My balls will fill your hot pussy full of sperm like I've dreamed of doing to my mother. My fantasy fucking with my mother includes kissing her luscious mouth while I fill her with hot sperm."
I pushed the sheet up, revealing her beautiful face. Her eyes clenched shut, unaware that her face was visible, her wide-open mouth gasping for air. I lowered and kissed her moist, full lips. Our tongues battled and fought, our lust consuming us. Mom sensed my prick expanding, causing her to pull off my mouth and shriek from the intense pleasure.
I wailed, "I've wanted you for so long. Your pussy is hot and tight. I'm going to fill my mother's pussy with cum."
Mom spoke for the first time screaming, "Yes, honey! I love you! Fuck me hard and fill your horny mother full!"
We locked our mouths together while the first glob of sperm shot up the length of my prick. When it splattered Mom's insides, her walls slammed tight around my hard cock.
Her body shook while she screamed into my mouth as her body released her reservoir of endorphin, firing off her pleasure centers. I slammed in again, depositing another load of sperm in her pussy. Every muscle in her body contracted when she climaxed again, experiencing the long-anticipated fuck. Her body convulsed in pleasure while her eyes rolled back in her head, air gushing from her lungs.
I concentrated on pumping my cock in deeply through her orgasm. Suddenly, her body went limp, and her contractions stopped while I unloaded my payload of sperm. After several more strokes, I collapsed on Mom, exhausted from our first incestuous coupling.
Recovering from my sexual bliss, I noticed no movement from Mom. I rose on my elbows to look at her face and observed no signs of life. Waves of panic set in while I thought of what to do. The woman I loved was lifeless beneath me.
I tried to find a pulse in her arm but wasn't sure where to look. I pinched her nostrils and lowered my mouth to hers, attempting resuscitation. After gently blowing several breaths into her lungs, her breasts heaved, and her eyes popped open. She exhaled her air back into my mouth.
I pulled back, thankful for her recovery. Relieved that she appeared perfectly healthy, I covered her neck and face with kisses.
"Damn, Mom. I thought I killed you. You were so still that I panicked. You scared me."
Giggling, she said, "Relax, honey. I briefly passed out from my intense orgasm. I've never had one that strong. I've been craving this for so long that I couldn't control myself when I released my pent-up emotions. I've never felt so much pleasure at once."
My semi-hard prick remained lodged in her cum-filled pussy. She moved her hips in a circular motion resulting in squishing sounds from her saturated cunt.
"Looks like I was out for the best part. You filled your mother," she seductively said while she stroked my back and pulled me in for a kiss.
"Honey, you didn't call emergency and tell them to come quick because you fucked your mother to death, did you?"
I snickered and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "No, I didn't have enough time. That would have been hard to explain."
"How did you know it was me? You knew from the start, didn't you?"
"Your legs, Mom. You've been flaunting them by me forever. I have every inch of your beautiful flesh memorized. You don't know the number of times I've jerked off fantasizing about you."
"So you like your old mom's legs, do you?"
"Your legs, your ass, your tits, your tight pussy. I love your smile, your laughter, and the sexy way you walk. I am happiest when we're together. I've wanted to make love to you for a long time. You don't know how close you've come to getting raped during the last week."
"I'm sorry if I teased you the last couple of days. I wasn't sure if you had the same physical emotions for me as I did for you. I didn't want to ruin our relationship, and I had to make certain," Mom purred while gently caressing my back.
She added, "And it wouldn't have been rape. It would have been a blessing. I hoped one of my skimpy nighties would prompt you to act."
After sliding my softening prick out to move my weight off her, she quickly pulled me to her and hugged me tightly.
"Please stay with me. I want to feel your skin against mine. Let me savor the moment of my young, strong man on top of me."
While our hot bodies meshed together in post-coital bliss, we gently caressed each other's bodies. I felt her forest of cum-soaked pussy hair rubbing against my trapped, semi-hard prick. We kissed and talked for the next ten minutes during our recovery.
Her arms ran over my ass and squeezed my buns. She moved her hips in a slow sexy circular motion before humping up, increasing the pressure on my prick nestled in her wet forest. When life purged back into my spent cock, I realized how lucky I was to have such a mother committed to sexually pleasing her son. Bringing my hands to her full breasts, I caressed and massaged her meaty globes.
Mom pleaded, "Sweetie, fuck me again. I want to enjoy my son making love to me. Please?"
"I love you, Mom. I'd do anything for you. Let's make our first night together memorable. Something we'll never forget."
I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue battling hers. Moving my hands to her nipples, I tweaked and twisted her sensitive buds, elevating her excitement level.
While I played with her luscious mounds, she reached down and stroked my slick, cum-coated shaft. She pulled my large, mushroom-shaped head into the mouth of her pussy and humped up to embed my prick in her hot canal.
I slowly stroked in and out of her wet pussy, embellishing the sensations of her velvety slot. My cock experienced little friction due to the lubricating cum left over from our first coupling. Locked deep in her pussy, I rose. Raising her knees, she reached up and pulled them tight to her chest.
While I pushed her legs, my leverage increased while pounding her hungry pussy. Heavily panting, she humped up to meet my thrusts while I deep-fucked her. Her pussy found new life, squeezing my prick when I plowed in and out. I looked down at our groins, witnessing the sinfully incestuous act of a son ravaging his mother.
As if reading my mind, she yelled, "Stuff your mother's cunt with your gigantic cock. It feels like a baseball bat. Oh damn, fuck me hard!"
My cock, slathered with our cum, drilled her horny hole. Reaching down, I massaged her clit while my ram battered her hot box. She screamed in pleasure when I lightly squeezed her sensitive nub. I eased off her clit, letting her relax as I enjoyed the moment.
It was the highlight of my life, fucking my hot mother. She writhed on the bed beneath me and thrust her hips like a wild woman. Her breathing rate increased, and I wondered if she would pass out again.
Relishing in the sexual conquest of my mother increased my stimulation. Close to achieving another orgasm, I hoped I would last longer the second time, but this was my mother I was fucking. I pulled her feet back, bringing her knees to point straight up. I pushed them out to spread her pelvis wide open. I felt pressure on my prick from her pussy when I opened her up.
Holding her meaty thighs, I fucked her while she writhed in pleasure. I couldn't get enough of her smooth legs. I gripped a hunk of firm flesh and used it to pound her leaking pussy harder.
Lowering down to her body, I pressed my hard nipples onto hers as our lips met. Her mouth was open and ready. We fucked each other's mouths while we made love in the missionary position. She dug her nails in my back, signaling she was nearing orgasm again. I wrapped my arms around her to hold her tight.
"Sam. I'm ready to cum again. I love your giant, hard cock. It's driving me crazy. Fuck your mother hard. Fill me with your sticky sperm, you sweet Motherfucker!"
"God, Mom. I've waited so long for this. Your pussy is so tight and hot. I'm going to cum, Mommy!"
She hugged me and wrapped her legs around my waist, elevating her pussy to meet my powerful thrusts. Groaning in pleasure, she deeply exhaled each time my fat head slammed against the back of her cavern.
"I love you, Mom!" I screamed while I fucked her hard. Her excited state prevented her from saying anything, continuously gasping for air.
We locked mouths while we committed our forbidden, incestuous coupling. My eyes stared deep into my mother's soul through her dark-chocolate eyes. They widened when more blood surged into the head of my prick. Panting into my mouth, her pupils dilated, her back arched, and her body shook while she climaxed. I pounded deep into her pussy, my balls spewing out any milky-white fluid left in my reservoir.
Her convulsing sheath trapped my erupting prick. Her spasms coincided with my orgasms, attempting to milk out any precious sperm from my balls.
After my final release, I continued to slowly fuck her, prolonging our incestuous sin. When I softened, I started to roll off her when she again hugged me tight to her. Our eyes locked together, cementing our deep love.
Her facial expression was an afterglow of blissful joy. She kissed me gently, saying, "I love you too. Thank you, sweetie. You're the best lover ever."
We gently caressed and consoled each other, committing our forbidden relationship while we revealed our innermost desires and feelings. Our love was on a higher plateau since we'd crossed the line that most mothers and sons act out privately in their fantasies.
After an hour of holding, caressing, and talking, Mom excused herself to go to the bathroom. When she returned, I did the same. I used a warm washcloth to clean off our sticky mixture of cum. Emerging from the bathroom, I wasn't sure if I should go to my room. Mom silently answered my question, holding the covers open and inviting me into her bed. I slid in, and we hugged each other, not for sex, but for love. We parted, and Mom rested her head on my chest. While I stroked her scalp, she fell into a deep sleep. I soon followed.
*****
When I awakened, fear struck me that last night's events had been a dream. Seeing Mom next to me sound asleep was a relief. It wasn't a fantasy in my mind. I had made love to my beautiful mother. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing Mom's sexy, nude body. Her breasts slowly heaved up and down while she remained sleeping restfully. Her pink nipples weren't engorged and full of blood like the previous night. I gently stroked her smooth stomach, lightly running my fingers over her ribcage, stopping to feel it rise and fall with her deep sleeping.
My hands roamed across her smooth stomach before spreading out my fingers to run through her mound of soft fur. Without stopping, I continued my light caressing down to her firm thighs, lightly squeezing her hot flesh. She moaned in pleasure while her breasts heaved. I hoped she was dreaming of our first fuck from the previous night.
Bringing my hand back to her smooth stomach, I explored higher across her hot and tight skin. I gently cupped her nearest mound, marveling at its firmness. I couldn't resist squeezing it while worshiping her beauty.
Mom's breathing quickened, and when I looked up, I noticed her staring at me, smiling seductively. She remained silent, contently watching her son caress her breasts. After her nipples filled with blood, she spoke. "Good morning. Do you like your mother's titties? You liked them when you were a child too."
I replied, "You bet, Mom. I could play with your breasts forever. It's a shame I can't remember them from infancy, but I can imagine I loved feeding on them. Your nipples are so sexy and inviting."
I leaned over and kissed her nearest engorged nub. Swirling my rough tongue around her tip, I gently latched onto her hard point. She brought her hands to the back of my head and held me in place while I fed on her succulent tit. I sucked hard on her taut and upright areole, resulting in her groaning loudly.
She gasped, "Oh, honey. That feels good. Suck your mother's tits and bite them, baby. Pull and twist my nipples. It's been too long since you nursed from me."
Locked onto her nearest nipple, I licked and lightly bit her sensitive bud. Moving my hand to her other breast, I massaged and squeezed her meaty tit. Gently holding her engorged nipple with my teeth, I pulled and teased her, causing her to moan and gasp. While I stretched her pinched nipple, I twisted her other nipple with my fingers.
When she humped her pelvis, I released her sensitive teat. Rolling over to meld with her sexy body, I kissed my mother.
It was a gentle closed-mouth kiss at first, a subtle, loving kiss. Mom changed the pace when she opened her mouth and attacked me with her tongue. We French-kissed with our naked bodies pressed together. We gasped for air, breathing fast while we made love with our mouths.
Backing off from our intimate kiss, I could see Mom's eyes were once again full of lust when she rolled us over until she was on top. She kissed her way down to my stomach. My prick was already a pillar of rock, rising out of my pubic hair. Still kissing her way down, she gripped my pole and slowly stroked up and down.
She rose and sat on my legs, facing me. Her hands explored my hairy thighs, bumping my full ball sack on each upstroke.
"You have such a sexy body, Sam. I've wanted to caress your legs as much as you've wanted to do to me." Continuing to rub up and down my thighs, she'd stop to grab a hunk of flesh, playfully pulling and squeezing it.
Bending down, she kissed her way up my hairy thigh until she reached my stiff pole. She lustfully looked up at me while seductively licking up and down my staff with her rough tongue. She hoarsely said, "Honey. It's been a while since I've sucked a prick, and such a giant one. As you said before, I made this beautiful cock."
Engulfing my fat head with her mouth, she swirled her tongue around my sensitive helmet. Descending my pole, she sucked hard on my staff. She held my balls and gently squeezed them while she fucked my rod with her hungry mouth. Her other hand gripped the bottom half of my prick, stroking up and down while her mouth fucked the top half of my pole. I wasn't going to last long.
"Damn, Mom. You suck cock good. Your mouth is unbelievable," I gasped, my voice cracking.
She'd bring me to the brink of orgasm before stopping, never releasing her mouth from my sensitive head. She looked at me with those round, brown eyes while feasting on my stiff shaft of flesh. It was difficult holding back my load while I watched my sexy mom perform such a sensual act.
Releasing my cock, she rose and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked each other with our tongues again. She lifted her pelvis, keeping her eyes locked with mine. Placing her hands on my shoulders to keep her balance, she crawled forward and positioned her hairy pussy over my shaft. She lowered her body, trapping my prick between our sweaty stomachs.
When my hand crept between our bodies to position my prick, she moved her head side-to-side, stopping me. When I halted, she slid her furry slit across my groin. It was a pelvic dance, mauling and shifting my prick around with her actions.
Lodging my shaft lengthwise into her slot, she ground up and down, scraping her raw pussy lips against my cock. Shifting lower, she rubbed my helmeted head against her clit. Leaving my tip smashed against her exposed clit, she moved in circles, stimulating her sensitive nub. She moaned and breathed rapidly.
Having enough stimulation on her clit, she pulled back, running my fat head up and down her slick slit. She sawed her pussy, to and fro, coating my shaft with slippery pussy juice. I thought she might climax without ever penetrating her. Still not using her hands, she inched forward, releasing my trapped prick. My shaft rose, freed from our smothering bodies. Before rising too far, Mom backed into it, inserting my cock head into the mouth of her hungry pussy.
Our eyes locked, and I could see the look of triumph when she managed to engulf my prick from the awkward position without help. She backed up until my cock was several inches in her tight, starved cunt. She rose while her hands grasped my stomach to keep my prick partway out of her snatch. She carefully lowered an inch before rising, allowing my size to stretch her tight channel.
After her pussy surrendered to my ram, she fucked my pole, increasing the amount of cock with each stroke.
Her expression was of total bliss while she slowly fucked me. Churning back and forth while pumping up and down, she scraped the sides of her pussy that screamed for attention. Pussy juice drenched my solid shaft, making it easier for her to lower down further. Raising back up, she stopped when my fat head was at the entrance of her clenching pussy. Looking down at me lustfully, she released my sides and fell until my balls smashed against her ass.
She squealed from pleasure when she bottomed out, rising again to plummet back down my shaft. Fucking me hard and fast, I thrust up on her down strokes, ramming my cock deeper into her cavern. Reaching out with my hands, I stroked her legs while she enjoyed being in control of our fuck.
She threw her head back and gasped for air, fucking her son as hard as she could. Juices from both of us flowed out of her hole while she fucked my slippery prick. Slowing her pumping, she lowered down, pushing her breasts in front of my face. Knowing what she desired, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her nearest breast into my waiting mouth.
I mauled her tit while she continued to fuck me. Constant deep guttural groans emanated from her. I captured her stiff nipple, squeezed it between my lips, and pulled hard as if milking it.
"God, yes. Suck Mommy's tits. You're fucking your horny mother good with your fat cock. I've fantasized about making love with you for a long time. Whenever you cum with me, I want to kiss you. I love you so much!"
My mother knew exactly how to please her son. She locked her mouth on mine while fucking me. I grabbed her ass and slammed into her pussy. My cock filled with blood making more contact as it scraped the walls of her pussy. A large payload of hot cum shot up my stem and out the tip.
Her pussy contracted on my prick while I deposited a large load of sticky sperm. After we were both spent, she lowered her body to mine. Neither of us spoke while we fought to breathe.
Her firm breasts squished out on the sides of our bodies while she rested. My hands caressed her sweaty, smooth back while she recovered from our morning fuck. She rested her head next to mine, nibbling on my ear while she caught her breath. Her hot air bathing my neck sent shivers through me. Her rapid breathing gradually calmed while she relaxed. We were content to say nothing, enjoying the close connection.
"Wow, Mom. What a way to begin a day. What do you say we stay in bed until lunch?" Running my hands down her lower back, I cupped her rounded ass and squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I wondered how many times I could fuck my mom in one day. Visions of different positions flashed through my mind when Mom brought me back to reality when she softly spoke.
"I'd love to, and we will do that one of these days but not today. We have a full schedule ahead of us. We have a client at one in the afternoon. Then we're going to take your aunt out to the movies and dinner and have one more appointment at eight tonight."
Unable to contain my surprise, I exclaimed, "Mom, that's an aggressive plan. Do you want me to be with other women now? You're the only one I want. Why don't we tell Sharon we don't want to take on more clients?"
She giggled and kissed me before explaining. "First off, Sharon doesn't have anything to do with it. She was my first customer. I interviewed the other women at their houses."
After processing Mom's revelation, I realized she had sent me to Sharon's to give her a baby. This whole time I thought this was Sharon's grand plan. Someone else might have felt used, but I felt nothing but love and admiration for my mother. Everything she did was for my benefit.
"Concerning other women, I think it's healthy for you to have other relationships," Mom explained. "There was a reason why our clients gave large bonuses. You're not only a wonderful lover, but you know how to make a woman feel special. I know firsthand how much pleasure a woman can feel with you. I want to share that with other women. The icing on the cake is your college expenses are getting paid."
She smirked and added, "You only have to promise you'll sleep with me at night and sexually take care of me. Although, as much as we're going to be fucking, I won't be able to afford to pay what I charge others."
Her sexy smile and talk regarding our future together stirred my prick, but I had to save it for our client in a few hours. When she lifted her body off mine, our skin, bonded together by heat and sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. We chuckled at the sound it made while we separated.
We rose out of bed to dress and have breakfast. I slipped on my robe, and when Mom started to put on hers, I pleaded, "Mom, would you mind wearing your blue nightie through breakfast? It's something I look forward to each morning."
She dropped her robe, joy spreading across her face. "Oh no, sweetie. I've had that old nightie for far too long. It isn't proper attire for a mother to parade around in."
Seeing my disappointment, she giggled while she walked to her closet. I was ready to close my robe and leave when I heard her say, "I've been saving this one for you. Do you think this is more appropriate for a mother to wear around her horny son?"
She walked out of her closet wearing a different nightie. She sexily strutted to the edge of the bed, turned slowly, and displayed her new attire.
It was the same style and color as her other nightie, but the material was translucent. It was sheer enough to see everything underneath. It enhanced her beauty more than I thought possible. When she turned to the side, her hard, pink nipples pushed out the top, and her full rounded breasts were visible, showing no signs of sagging.
She turned to face me, placing her hands on her waist, causing her nightie to tighten against her nipples. I stared at her beautifully toned bare thighs, then traveled up to admire her hairy pussy, barely hidden beneath the thin fabric. Her facial expression was a mix of seeking approval with one of lust.
Scanning her beautiful body, my cock quickly filled with blood and poked out the front of my robe, pointing to its prey it desired to attack. Her eyes traveled to my hard cock, and she no longer looked like she needed approval. Her face changed to one of sexual craving.
When she ran her hands up to her breasts over the smooth fabric, she huskily said, "Well, it looks like someone appreciates my newest purchase. The material is silk and feels good too. Come here and see for yourself."
I walked to her and held her tight, running my hands over the thin silky material, caressing her sexy body.
"You're so beautiful, Mom. You turn me on whenever I look at you. Anything you wear makes me hot," I said, kissing her passionately. I squeezed her thinly covered breasts, twisting her engorged nipples. She pushed my robe off my shoulders and wrapped her fingers around my hard, throbbing cock. I lowered my hands below her nightie to hold her firm ass. She panted while passionately kissing me.
She murmured, "Oh, honey. I love it that you get aroused by me. You've awakened my sexual lust, and I adore your wonderful cock. I love what you're doing to me, but we should eat breakfast and prepare for our next client."
Instead of releasing my cock, she stroked it while her kissing intensified. With my hands still holding her firm buns, I coaxed her backward. Lowering her down, I positioned her on the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs, causing her nightie to rise and expose her hairy, wet gash. I walked into her, shoving my rock-hard prick into her welcoming snatch. I couldn't believe I was fucking my beautiful mother again, and it felt as great as the first time.
My stiff shaft pistoned in and out of her hairy hole. Her breasts flopped up and down beneath the thin nightie while I bottomed out forcefully each time. With her legs on my shoulders, she incoherently muttered phrases of pleasure while I continued to ravish her body in an attempt to release my pent-up sexual lust. Concentrated on our incestuous coupling, we could care less about any client today. We followed our primal animal instincts to fuck as no mother and son should be doing.
She chanted while I drove my ram into her oily hole. "Fuck me hard. Love me and fuck me like a true Motherfucker."
I pounded her horny pussy until I neared my orgasm. With my shaft fully embedded in her cavern, I stopped stroking to allow our excitement levels to lower. We locked eyes while our groins mashed together. Moving her legs off my shoulders, she wrapped them around my waist. With a lustful look, she opened her arms, inviting me to her hot body. A clear invitation from a mother wanting her son to finish fucking her. It was an offering I wasn't going to pass up.
I lowered down to her nightie-clad torso and kissed her open mouth. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight while my expanding prick stretched her pussy walls. Holding onto her ass, I jack-hammered my mother's pussy. While we kissed, we locked eyes, continuing to enjoy the spontaneous and exciting coupling. Looking into each other's souls, we communicated our intense love. Her beautiful, brown eyes widened, signaling her impending orgasm.
She groaned in my mouth and battled my tongue. Her pussy squeezed my shaft, resulting in my powerful contraction. I pounded into her at a feverish pace while we experienced our intense orgasms. Inserted fully, I released her mouth to suck in a deep breath. I rested my head beside hers while we enjoyed the aftermath of our sinful copulation.
After she licked the outer lobes of my ear, she whispered, "Sam, I think I better wear my robe, or we won't make it out of our bedroom."
My heart skipped a beat when she said our bedroom. It was confirmation that we were a loving couple, committed to each other. We had shattered the morally accepted boundaries of a mother-son relationship.
I caressed her nightie-clad back and murmured, "I can't help it, Mom. You're so sexy. I want to be with you every minute of the day. Your body excites me as no other woman can." I kissed her sensuously, then pulled out, allowing a stream of mixed cum to pour out of her saturated pussy. True to her word, she wore her robe, but it didn't deter me from lustfully staring at her body while she gracefully glided around the kitchen.
We quickly finished breakfast and retired to the living room. We still had a couple of hours to kill before our client showed up, allowing us to snuggle on the couch. I was afraid I wouldn't recover in time, but sitting close to Mom ignited my lust. Mom's hand went through the front of my robe to lightly hold my semi-hard prick. She probably had the same concerns about whether I'd be able to perform after our morning bout of sex.
Lightly squeezing my shaft, she apprehensively spoke. "Sam, I've had this rule with my clients that there would be no refunds or repeats, even if the process proved unsuccessful. One client has been persistent, and I felt sorry for the poor girl. I agreed, even before she offered to double the original amount. It wasn't the money that swayed my mind; I wanted to make her happy. Our appointment with her is at one."
My mind raced through the women trying to figure out who it was. Since she said girl, it must be one of the two younger ones. Before I could concentrate further, she acknowledged, "It was the lady from two days ago. Her body was covered and hidden, except for her beautiful face and silky, black hair."
It was indeed my lucky day; she described Snow White. Images of her black bush contrasting against her smooth, white skin flashed through my mind. My shaft pulsed, signaling my excitement.
Mom still had her hand wrapped around my prick and felt it come alive. She bleated, "Should I be jealous of this girl? It looks like you have some special feelings for her."
"She was charming, Mom, but you're still the love of my life," I said, trying to put her at ease.
She smiled and leaned in to lightly kiss me, no hint of jealousy, looking pleased with her son's happiness.
At the designated time, I retreated to my room to wait for the arrival of Snow White. I sat on my bed nude, displaying my semi-hard cock, waiting for Mom's entrance. She strolled in wearing her robe, and I instantly hardened, rising and hugging her, ending with an erotic kiss. She wrapped her hands around my manhood and stressed, "Let's save this for our client. Hopefully, you'll be successful today. Good luck, honey. Don't forget your aunt is coming over at three."
There was no reason to wear my robe anymore. I marched down the stairs to our room nude, my stiff prick swaying back and forth. Once I entered, I noticed a change in the positioning of the woman. The sheet covered her, but it was high, like she was on her knees praying, her back pushing up the sheet.
I remembered how nervous she was our first time. While uncovering her, I said, "I'm glad you returned. I can't wait to feel your beautiful skin again." When I shoved the sheet up, she extended her body forward and raised her ass into the air. My prick jerked when I realized she wanted it doggy style. Maybe she thought this would be a better method to impregnate her.
Her long, pure white leg flesh accented her black, hairy pussy. She widened her legs, exposing her already wet gash, ready for an infusion of sperm. Hard as a rock, I moved up and stroked her lily-white meat.
Her skin was hot and firm to the touch, burning my fingers. I took my time running my hands up and down her smooth thighs. The sides of my hands bumped against her furry slit each time I went to the top. Her sweet pussy scent emanated from her sex, anticipating my fat cock stretching her tight channel.
Reluctantly releasing my hands from her firm thighs, my aching cock demanded I proceed. Placing my mushroom-shaped head onto the puffy outer lips of her pussy, I rolled it around, lubricating it with her flowing juices. No more foreplay was warranted; I jabbed my prick deep into her throbbing pussy.
Moaning in the pillow while my prick descended to the bottom, she shrieked in pleasure when my engorged head slammed against her back wall. Her pussy contracted while she experienced her first orgasm. Holding my prick lodged deep, I stroked her sides and legs, allowing her to recover from her fast climax. No sounds came from her while she fought to catch her breath.
I enjoyed the quiet moment, caressing her smooth flesh. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make love to her like an average couple, kissing her as we made love. "Take your time, baby. We'll take it as slow as you want. I could fuck you all night."
A long groan broke her silence when she moved her hips forward and back, fucking herself on my pole. She was ready for another round; I was determined to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me. Gripping her hips, I fucked her hard.
The angle of my piercing lance caused her pleasure centers to fire off when I bumped and scraped against her tight pussy walls. We fucked hard for ten minutes, concentrating on pleasing each other. Wanting this session to last longer to enjoy her body faded away when I neared my orgasm. My prick serviced her sensitive pussy while I reached up and kneaded her swaying tits. I squeezed them hard and twisted her nipples between my fingers. Her rapid breathing and loud moaning were the only sounds coming from under the sheet.
Her second orgasm unexpectedly occurred when her pussy suddenly clamped down on my invading prick. Hearing her scream into the pillow, a stream of hot cum shot up through my stem, causing the tip of my cock to explode. A load of hot seed spurt out, bathing the back of her pussy. Each blast of hot cum I shot into her resulted in another contraction from her convulsing cavern.
I slowly fucked her after our mutual orgasms finished, relishing in the blissful connection we had just shared. Crestfallen that the session was already over, I hoped we weren't successful again.
Both of us breathed hard and fast while we recovered from the intense fuck. Panting, I managed to spout, "You are so sexy. I know it's selfish of me, but in a way, I hope you're not pregnant again."
I pulled out, leaving her ass uncovered while I backed up. My eyes traveled from her cum-filled pussy down her creamy smooth thighs to her delicate feet.
The sheet went flying off. Suddenly, Snow White flipped around and flopped onto the bed. Still staring at her legs, she spoke in a sexy French accent. "No hope is necessary. I'm pretty sure you impregnated me last session. This time was for you."
I recognized her voice. I quickly looked up. "Monica?"
"Yes, Sam. Come to me, my love," she cooed, her arms open. I lowered down to her, melding my body to hers.
She stroked my scalp while memories flashed back to me.
*****
It was my last year in our old neighborhood. I loved walking back and forth to the school, located a mile from our house. Each day my route passed by a preschool halfway between our home and my school.
On one of those days, I ran across a couple of bullies teasing and tormenting a young girl outside the preschool. I broke it up and continued to walk home. I noticed the girl they harassed followed me for a few blocks before I lost sight of her.
Days after this incident, the same girl would wait by the school for me to pass and then follow me. I didn't think anything of it; she was probably using me to stop the kids from picking on her. After a couple of weeks of this routine, I noticed she went up a walkway to a large house with large bushes on both sides. One day when I walked by, I spotted a woman wearing Muslim attire inside the entrance of the hidden walkway. When I passed, she quietly whispered, "Excuse me, Sir. Could I talk to you?"
I stopped, unsure if she would accuse me of trying to lure the girl or what. I uneasily responded, "Um, sure. Anything wrong?"
"Please follow me, and I'll explain," she said as she went up to the house and waited for the girl and me to enter. After we were inside, she removed the covering on her head, revealing her beautiful face. She told her daughter to sit at the table with me. She had a French accent, unlike what I expected from her attire.
She introduced herself as Monica and her daughter as Camila before she went to the kitchen and brought out a plate of warm cookies and two glasses of milk. She set them down in front of us and sat opposite us at the table.
Camila picked up a cookie and devoured it. Monica smiled and told me she was grateful for me protecting her daughter. Kids harassed her because they knew she was a child of a Muslim family. Her French accent intrigued me while I listened to her talk. When Camila finished, Monica told her to go to her room and play.
After taking a bite out of the delicious cookie, I felt a bump on my leg. Looking down, I eyed a beautiful, short-haired, black cat walking around my legs. I lifted the friendly kitty off the floor and placed her on my lap. She curled and purred while I petted her. I knew where to scratch her neck and head to give her the attention she wanted.
I asked, "And who is this cute girl? I love cats. Her fur is soft and sleek."
Monica smiled wide and said, "Her name is Dinah. She likes a lot of attention. My husband hates cats."
That was the first indication she wasn't on board with her marriage. She kept a cat her husband hated, and the cat's name was of Jewish origin. That couldn't have set well with her Muslim husband.
Unwilling to further explain the details concerning her cat, she informed me she wanted to thank me earlier, but her husband was home, and she couldn't talk to another man with him present. He was doing business in the Middle East now; she seized the opportunity to thank me.
She originated from France and married her wealthy husband at eighteen when she was pregnant with Camila. She admitted she was naive and easily influenced by the prestige and money afforded her. Even though their love was brief, she remained with him, honoring her obligation. She wasn't religious, but she made an effort to observe some of the Muslim rules to satisfy her husband.
We talked for over an hour, getting acquainted with each other. Marrying young to a wealthy Middle Eastern businessman allowed her to attend private colleges. I found her to be intelligent and educated while we discussed our lives. She inquired about my studies, and we talked at length. She was witty and injected humor into our conversation, causing us to laugh through much of our talk. Sex didn't enter my mind while I connected with the highly educated and charming young lady.
For the next six months, we met dozens of times on my walks home when her husband was out of town. We spent hours together, giggling and talking, while I pampered Dinah with my affection. I enjoyed the time with Monica, feeling at ease with her pleasant demeanor. I looked forward to walking home, hoping she'd be waiting for me. Her daughter still kept her distance, following me home each day.
Concerned that Camila might mention my visits to her father, I asked Monica whether there would be a problem if her daughter disclosed my visits. She told me her husband never wanted a daughter and wouldn't talk or listen to her. She isolated Camila from him as much as possible, and they were experts at keeping secrets.
She never uncovered more than the fabric on her head, meaning I couldn't see her beautiful body concealed beneath. We became best friends, probably the strangest and most secret friendship in town. That was the hard part when Mom mentioned we were moving after graduation.
Monica and I decided we wouldn't keep in touch through email or letters in the chance she might get caught. We teared up during our final visit as we knew we wouldn't see each other again. I didn't tell Mom about Monica, even when she questioned why I was depressed for the first few months after we relocated.
*****
Monica brought me back from my memories, bringing me up to date with her life. Her husband divorced her six months ago, desiring a younger wife and one that would provide him with a son. He left Monica with the house, a large sum of money, and Camila before he moved back to the Middle East.
She was more than happy with the arrangement. She wanted another child and wanted the father to be intelligent and sensitive. She loved our talks together and wanted her child to inherit my traits. When she heard the details of our business through her wealthy friends, she seized the opportunity to conceive a baby with me.
She thought she would be content once our first session had finished. She was hesitant to reconnect with me for the sole purpose of getting pregnant. That's why she concealed herself through our first coupling. After our initial rendezvous, she wanted to marry the lust we shared during our sexual liaison with the emotional relationship we had enjoyed previously. She decided to reveal herself this time, and I couldn't have been happier.
We talked for over an hour, connecting again. We explored each other as if we hadn't felt a nude body before. I didn't tell Monica I was in love with her. Maybe I hadn't fallen out of love during our earlier time together. Better take it slow, I thought, chuckling to myself. The definition of a slow courtship probably didn't mean madly fucking, and then dating afterward.
I rolled on top of her, and we kissed like lovers. Our tongues explored our mouths while we fought to press our bodies together as one. I was hard again and wanted to make love to this woman. We locked eyes when I guided my stiff prick into her wet, receptive hole.
I caressed her full breasts while I sunk my cock to the depths of her hungry cunt. We fucked as lovers, caressing each other while we enjoyed the stimulation of my cock smoothly gliding in and out of her pussy. We kissed and hugged each other, enjoying the contact of our hot, sweaty bodies. Her body melted into mine as I attempted to satisfy her sex-starved cunt.
Increasing the pace of our fuck, I furiously stroked in and out of her tight snatch. We mashed our mouths together as our sexual liaison intensified.
Barely able to talk, I gushed, "You are so hot and sexy. I loved our time together in the past, and now we're joined completely. I'm not letting you go again." I again locked my mouth to hers as we neared a mutual orgasm.
As my prick expanded with hot blood signaling my impending orgasm, she released my mouth to huskily shriek, "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like I'm your mom! Fill my pussy as you do with your mother's."
Images of Mom and I fucking flashed through my mind, blood pouring into my expanding shaft. My balls contracted before they shot out the reservoir of hot sperm generated in the last hour. Her body shivered and shook as we enjoyed our synchronized orgasms.
Drained from our intense love-making session, I left my prick soaking in her drenched cunt, enjoying the moment of post-coital bliss. I broke the silence by softly asking, "You know? About my mother?"
"Of course, I know. Your mother is beautiful and sexy. You're a horny and handsome son; it was inevitable. She's so hot that I wouldn't mind spending some intimate time with her. And if you were my son, I would have fucked you long ago. She is a lucky mother to have a hunky, horny son."
I was still embedded in her soaked pussy while listening to her. I slowly pulled out when I softened, kissing her as we parted. I looked at the clock and realized we had been together far too long. Rachel was coming over in half an hour.
"I'm sorry, Monica, but I have to end our session because my aunt is visiting in a few minutes. I'll tell Mom to reimburse you. You're more than a client to me."
"Stop right there, Sam," Monica stated. "You won't tell your mother anything of the kind. We'll keep meeting until we zero your college debts."
We talked for several more minutes before I stood up to leave. When I looked at Monica's beautiful sexy body with my cum drooling out of her pussy an idea formed. I asked, "Did you mean it when you said you would like to be with my mom?"
"Oh yea, she is so sexy. I would love to explore her body," she lustfully stammered.
I lifted her knees and spread her legs wide so that when Mom entered the room, she'd see Monica's black, hairy pussy dripping out ropes of white semen. "Stay like this; I have a feeling you're in for a treat," I said when I felt my cock stir, admiring her sexy display.
As I was leaving, she quietly pleaded, "Sam, could we get together again, like on a date? I've missed you so much. I'll understand if you don't want to be involved with a woman bringing children into the relationship."
Seeing her fearful expression, I walked over to her and kissed her sensuously, promising, "I'd love nothing more than to see you again. We'll go out often, and Mom will be happy to babysit Camila and Dinah. I've missed you, too." Her look of fear turned to an expression of joy while she pondered our future.
I left the door open while I walked down the hall, meeting Mom at the end. When we met, I hugged and passionately kissed her. She reached down and clutched my cum soaked prick. She scraped the sides while pulling her hand along the length of my shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She smiled and jested, "I love the taste of your cum, but I hope you left some in our client. I'd hate for you to have to do another repeat."
I quickly replied, "No worries, Mom. She wasn't here for a baby. She came back for me."
She looked taken aback. "I think I am jealous now. She paid for another session just to fuck my son?"
"Relax, Mom. We're old friends, and I'm very attracted to her." I reached into her robe with one hand and teased her hard, engorged nipple while kissing her again. My other hand went through the opening in her robe in search of her hairy pussy. When I pushed three fingers into her wet slot, I said, "Mom, even if I love other women, we'll still be here for each other. There is nothing stronger than the love of a mother and son. It's a special bond, separate from other relationships."
We kissed again, and I could see the love in her eyes, acknowledging the sinful relationship we'd always have. I removed my hands so she could meet Monica. Ending my kiss, I whispered, "After all, you don't want to be mad at your future daughter-in-law, do you?"
Her panting was still rapid from the short time we connected. She kissed me in return and said, "I hope you've found a girl who can provide you with the love you deserve. That would make me the happiest mother ever."
When I left for my room, I quipped, "Mom, since you like my cum so much, I don't think our client would mind sharing." I stayed at the bottom of the stairs while Mom skipped down the hall to meet Monica. She entered our bedroom, and seconds later, her robe flew out the door, landing on the hallway floor. I heard her screech, "Sam left such a mess here. Let me clean you up." Sounds of sexual pleasure emanated from our room while I went upstairs to take my shower.
When I finished drying off, I looked out the window and noticed Rachel walking down the sidewalk half a block away. It had taken longer than I thought with Monica, and my aunt was arriving early. I quickly dressed and ran down the stairs to Mom's room. Monica and Mom were eating each other's hairy cunts, in the throes of sexual oral bliss.
"Mom, Rachel is arriving early. I'll keep her in the garden while you two finish." No acknowledgment came from either woman while they concentrated on their sexual bonding.
I ran outside and met Rachel as she neared the front door. Interlocking arms, I escorted her to the garden around the side of our house. Stalling for time, I walked her through the beds, telling her our plans for each. I managed to waste twenty minutes when my aunt looked up and saw movement in the house. "Who's the woman with your mom? I haven't seen her before."
I replied, "Oh, she's a friend Mom had over. It looks like they're running late. We'll be ready to go to the movies and dinner as planned. Don't worry; it'll just be my favorite two ladies with me tonight."
She smiled, and we walked up to the house to wait. Minutes later, Mom returned and greeted us with a sexy smile. Her Hawaiian floral dress looked fabulous on her. It was shorter than usual, and it was obvious she wore no bra, her pointy nipples pushing out the thin fabric. She looked stunning, and Rachel looked surprised when she gazed at Mom's exquisite beauty.
She stared intently at my mother's provocative, sexy dress but didn't mention anything while we walked to the car. We decided on dinner first as we were hungry. My attention focused on Mom's hard nipples poking out the thin material. I felt guilty ignoring my sexy aunt. Her blue lace bra was visible under her tight, sheer blouse, and I wondered if Mom had informed her my favorite lingerie color was blue.
The hostess at the restaurant greeted us and said, "Hi, Melissa. Glad to see you again. I'll seat you in a nice booth."
"Thanks, Lisa. We'll be right behind you," Mom replied.
Lisa walked us to a secluded booth at the end of a long room. Mom and I sat on one side while Rachel sat opposite us. When Mom slid in, her dress slid up, revealing her sexy thighs. Sitting down, I noticed the table was far enough away from the seat, enabling me to see Mom's bare legs. Thankfully, Rachel couldn't see anything from her position.
As soon as Lisa left, I asked, "Mom, how do you know her? Do you come here often?"
"I met her here a couple of months ago. She's a good server, and I enjoy my visits with her. She's very nice and friendly. You'll like her."
Before I could ask any more questions, Lisa arrived to take our orders. She remained at our table, engaging us in a friendly conversation. Lisa was tall and very thin. I doubt if she broke a hundred on the scales, but she had toned muscles and didn't look unhealthily thin.
Her casual talking transitioned to flirting as if she were competing with the two beautiful women accompanying me. Mom and Rachel encouraged her flirtations while Lisa twirled the ends of her short, light-brown, silky hair. I noticed her stealing glimpses of Mom's exposed thighs. All too soon, she departed to place our order.
I lustfully stared at her long legs while she walked away. She wore the same skirt as the other servers, but due to her height, it looked a lot shorter. She wore her belt higher also, probably because she knew how to flaunt her best asset. I'm sure she received large tips from showing off her long, lithe legs. Her breasts hid beneath her blouse, but I surmised they were small, enabling her to go braless. She looked like the girls I'd date at school because she had the same facial features as Mom and my aunt.
When she left, Rachel said, "My, she's cute, and I believe she has a crush on your son, Melissa."
My face flushed while Mom moved over close to me, wrapping her arm around me as if consoling me. She jokingly scorned Rachel. "Now stop it, Sis. You're embarrassing my poor son. Besides, I think he prefers older women."
"Is it true, Sam? You like the more experienced woman?" my aunt piped, sexily looking at me.
Thinking briefly of telling her how I love fucking my horny mom, I decided against it and ended our discussion. "You two need to stop it. A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell."
They both smiled, and Rachel excused herself to go to the restroom. When she was out of earshot, I took the time to admire Mom's sexy body. "Jesus, Mom. You reek of sex. I want to take you home and devour you. Rachel was impressed too. Did you see the way she stared at you?"
"I have a lot of outfits I can't wait to try on for you. I think Rachel believes she's the only sexy slut in the family. She's probably jealous because you're looking at me more than her. I wonder what she'd think if she knew I'm not wearing panties, either."
Openly leering at her sexy, bare thighs, I lustfully said, "She is quite the looker, much like her sister."
Mom reached over, clenched my pants, and bent my stiff prick while jokingly remarking, "Watch it, buster, Rachel is my baby sister. Behave yourself."
Seeing her sister returning, she released my prick and whispered, "But not too much."
Mom and Rachel immediately engaged in conversation, and I wondered if Mom was aware of Rachel's hard nipples poking out the material of her blouse. Obviously, she had removed her bra in the bathroom. I wondered if she was competing with Mom or Lisa.
Feeling Mom's legs bumping against me was confirmation she also noticed Rachel's display. Grabbing my cloth napkin, I moved it below the table and placed it on my leg. I reached over and slid my hand up and down Mom's exposed leg. When my hand ventured higher, I felt the heat from her groin when my hand stopped at her closed thighs.
While still immersed in her discussion with Rachel, she moved her left leg over, allowing me access to her hairy treasure. I slowly ran my hand under her skirt to the top of her luscious thigh. The side of my hand stopped when it hit her mound of fur. Putting pressure on her pussy, I sawed up and down her slit with the edge of my hand. She squirmed on the seat and managed to bring her pussy up for easier access. I ran my fingers up and down her outer lips, causing her juices to flow.
I inserted two fingers into her steaming snatch; she moved her left hand under the table. Thinking she would shoe me away from her hairy mound, I was surprised to see her pull her skirt up to her waist, exposing her pelvis. Her hand returned to the top of the table while she engaged Rachel in conversation. It was the perfect cover for me to play with Mom's pussy. I buried another finger into her wet hole and massaged her sensitive walls.
I had my hand upside down in an uncomfortable position while I played with her pussy. I couldn't stroke in and out as my arm would move, alerting Rachel. Moving my fingers around her leaking pussy, I stimulated it as if I were fucking her. She struggled with breathing while she talked to her sister, and her voice cracked when I ran my fingers over her engorged clit.
She neared her climax when I noticed Lisa arriving with a large serving tray. When Lisa placed Rachel's plate in front of her, I began sliding my fingers out of Mom's excited pussy to allow her to lower her skirt. Her hand quickly landed on mine, guiding my fingers back down to the depths of her clasping channel.
She held my hand in her pussy, covering mine and her mound of hair. Lisa placed my plate in front of me, and I could see her staring at our hands clamped tight to Mom's pussy. She picked up Mom's plate and leaned hard into me, squashing her soft tit into my shoulder, muttering, "Pardon my reach." She slowly placed Mom's plate down, her eyes locked onto our erotic display. Mom's gaze fixated on Lisa's expression, gauging her reaction to our wanton, sexual exhibition.
Lisa lingered, smiled wide, pulled back, and asked us if we needed anything else. As she turned to leave, Mom stuttered, "Lisa, would you mind grinding some fresh pepper on my pasta?" Mom leaned back, moved her hand away from mine, and shoved it under her ass, enabling her to push her pussy up, making the display even more erotic.
Lisa smiled wide, retrieved the pepper mill, and leaned over to comply with Mom's request. While she pushed her breast into my shoulder, Mom sexily smiled and observed Lisa, who was intently staring at Mom's pussy, stuffed full of my fingers. With Lisa's eyes locked onto Mom's groin, I moved my wet, slick fingers out and then back to the bottom of his pussy.
I glanced over at Rachel, fearing she would see Lisa mesmerized at our exhibition but relieved when I noticed her concentrating on her plate of pasta.
"That's probably enough pepper," I said. Lisa stopped cranking the shaker but lingered to stare at Mom's voyeuristic display. Her breath was short and rapid when she backed up and asked us if there was anything else we needed. Mom told her we were good and thanked her for the fantastic service.
Lisa sexily smiled, turned, and walked away. I intensified my attack on Mom's pussy, knowing it would be overly suspicious if I left my left hand under the table for much longer. While Mom ate her peppery entree, I mauled her sensitive pussy. Her face flushed, and her pussy pulsated in anticipation of a climax. Moving my forefinger and thumb up to the top of her slit, I rolled and squeezed her slick, engorged clit. Stroking it as she would do to my prick, I soon felt her orgasm commence.
She shrieked when her pussy shook and let loose a flood of juices, cumming on my intruding hand. Rachel looked up, saw Mom's flushed face, and exclaimed, "Melissa, are you feeling okay? You look like you're burning up."
Mom grabbed her glass of water, took a few big gulps, and managed to spout, "Maybe too much pepper at once. I'm okay now." Satisfied with her sister's answer, Rachel resumed eating. I removed my hand from Mom's soaked pussy, wiping my fingers off my napkin. After I moved my soiled cloth over to Mom's leaking slit, her hand came down to take over. After cleaning up her juices, Mom placed my soaked napkin on my leg and moved her skirt back down. Mom and Rachel continued talking as if nothing had happened. When we finished eating, I reached down and brought my napkin up to my face as if I were wiping my mouth but, instead, deeply inhaled Mom's pussy scent.
Mom smiled and bumped her leg on mine, acknowledging my action. Lisa showed up with the check and asked if we needed anything else. She smiled, teasing, "Perhaps some Cream Pie would be good?"
Mom replied, "Not now, Lisa, perhaps later. Thanks, though." Rachel didn't act wise to their secretive talk as Lisa smiled wide and walked away. Mom paid with cash, leaving a generous tip. I wondered if she was giving Lisa hush money or because she liked her.
Rachel stood to leave while I did the same to let Mom exit. When they walked out, I turned to the table to rearrange my prick, which had hardened at an odd angle. I reached down and adjusted my cock to point straight up along my stomach in a more comfortable position.
I turned to leave and practically ran over Lisa. She smiled as if she knew what I had been doing and walked up close enough that the mixture of her light perfume and sweat swept over me. Her face was inches from mine. She moved closer, pushing a soft breast into my arm while shoving her exposed thigh between my legs, pressing it against my stiff prick.
Rubbing her leg back and forth on my covered cock, she said, "Be sure to ask for me next time to get a nice private booth. I wrote my schedule down for you. I would love to serve your party again."
Moving her closed fist to mine, she transferred the note to my hand. Expecting a piece of paper, I was pleasantly surprised to feel a flimsy, silky pair of panties. They were damp and warm, the result of watching our sexual display. I quickly stuffed them into my pants pocket.
I picked up my napkin, soaked with Mom's juices, and held it to her hand, closing her fingers around it. I leaned into her pushing my hard cock into her thigh, and whispered, "I'm afraid Mom made a mess of her napkin. She had to use it to clean up some leaking juices."
Lisa sucked in a deep breath of air, and her eyes widened when she digested the taboo nature of our relationship. Her face turned from surprise to lust when she snatched the soiled napkin from my hand.
I thanked her again and said goodbye, leaving to catch up with Mom and Rachel. Halfway to the door, I turned to see Lisa in the booth. One hand pressed the cum-drenched napkin onto her face while the other was under the table. Knowing her pussy was receiving a pounding from witnessing a mother and son commit a sinful act made me smile wide.
At the theater, I sat between Mom and Rachel. Mom wrapped her arm around me when the lights dimmed. I did the same to her, and we leaned against each other. Knowing Rachel couldn't see my roaming hand, I cupped Mom's braless tit while we watched the feature film. Mom leaned over close and whispered, "I know it doesn't matter, but you have my full approval if you want to marry Monica."
Remembering the image of those two locked in sex, I smiled, leaned back, and whispered, "Of course, it matters. I'm glad you like Monica. It means a lot to me."
My aunt noticed Mom's arm around me and put her around me, leaning into me. The side of her soft braless tit pressed into my side. With her other hand, she pulled my arm around her back to rest my hand on her waist. I had my arms around two beautiful women. Afraid of being as bold with Rachel as my mom, I slowly slid my hand right below her breast, holding onto her ribcage.
When the movie credits scrolled, Mom rose to leave. Rachel slumped in her chair, causing her braless breast to fall in my hand. In an unconscious reaction, I squeezed her meaty mound. I quickly released her luscious tit, covering my action by saying, "Sorry, Auntie. Guess I lost my balance for a moment."
She smiled and chuckled, "I didn't notice anything, Sam. Only a perfect gentleman that likes older women and never tells."
Once again, I had to adjust my stiff prick before we left to go home. It was a short ride back to our neighborhood. Mom stopped the car in front of Rachel's house and told me to walk her sister to her door before coming home. Remembering we had an appointment in less than two hours, I knew I didn't have time to go in and talk.
After I walked my sexy aunt to her door, she turned to me and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. She rarely hugged me before tonight, catching me off-guard. Hot air hit my ear when she whispered, "I'm happy you're here this summer. I love hanging out with you. Thank you for a wonderful evening."
She kissed me on the neck and tightened her hug. Her soft, meaty breasts mashed against my chest while she pushed her hips into my stiff prick. She backed off and gave me a sexy smile before entering her house. I walked home with a raging hard-on. Reviewing the events of the past few days, it seemed clear that Aunt Rachel was coming on to me. I wondered what Mom would think if I fucked her younger sister.
Opening our front door, I bumped into Mom standing in the hallway. She had changed out of her dress and wore a tight white blouse tucked into a short, black, pleated skirt. "Wow, Mom. You look like a cheerleader but way sexier. You're the definition of a MILF."
"I have to keep up with your aunt, don't I?"
Changing the conversation, she explained, "I haven't met our client in person. We finalized everything online. She insisted on anonymity, conducting our services in a hotel across town, twenty miles away. We have no time to waste. You'll retrieve the room key at the front desk, and she wants you to go solo. I agreed to her terms, but I'm not letting you go alone. I'll wait in the bar for you in case things go wrong."
I pulled out Lisa's panties and said, "I should leave these here." Seeing her puzzled look, I added, "Lisa wrote her schedule down so we can request her as a server again."
Mom's thoughts rehashed our public exhibition. She lustfully retorted, "On her panties, no less. Maybe we should invite her over to give her a more intimate show." Smiling wide in agreement, I dropped Lisa's panties on the end table and wrapped my arm through Mom's as we walked out to the car.
On the drive to the hotel, I couldn't stop myself from running my hands up and down Mom's bare legs while she drove. Content with feeling her sexy thighs, I didn't venture up far enough to see if she was wearing any panties. Before I knew it, we pulled into the well-lit parking lot. The upscale hotel offered suites, so at least it would be a pleasant room.
Exiting quickly, I dashed to the driver's side to help Mom out of the car. Her skirt rode higher when she shifted her legs, revealing her hairy bush. I grinned wide as It looked like Mom wouldn't ever wear panties again. She held out her hands, inviting me to help her stand up. Once she stood, she hugged me and whispered, "You see anything you like?"
I hoarsely answered, "Damn, Mom. Why don't we rent a room and forget the client?"
"Don't worry, Sam. Tonight's appointment will be the last one for a while. After this, we'll spend a lot of time together. Now let's fulfill our commitment."
We arrived early, so we went to the bar and sat at a table in the back to wait. Mom ordered a glass of wine while we waited for my appointment. Suddenly, she leaned close and whispered, "Don't be obvious but look at the booth next to the bar. She's one of our prior clients. I hope she doesn't recognize me."
Scanning the crowd, I located the couple that Mom pointed out. I never saw their faces, but this lady had such a deep tan that I knew that she was the one after Sharon. She wouldn't notice anyone because her attention was on a guy my age. I silently laughed when I realized they resembled each other.
Whispering back, I said, "I see them, Mom. You don't need to worry. They're not interested in anyone else."
"He looks young enough to be her son. I wonder why she hired us with such a nice young man to service her?" Mom asked.
I replied, "He is her son. I might have initiated that. We kind of shared a mother-son fantasy during our session."
Mom jabbed me in the ribs and giggled, "You're so bad. We should charge more for you providing sex therapy along with your sperm donation."
Looking at her watch, she said, "Okay, Sam. Time for your show." We both rose and held our hands together when she leaned into me and said, "I'll wait for you here. Good luck."
With one of our clients in the bar, I figured Mom wouldn't take a chance and display public affection. Caught off guard, she wrapped her arms around me, hugged me tight, and kissed me as a wife would do with her loving husband.
I reluctantly parted and headed to the front desk. The receptionist greeted me when I provided my last name. She searched the counter for a moment and handed me a paper holder containing a key card. She smiled and commented, "Oh yes. I checked your lovely wife earlier. Have a fun night, Sir."
On my way up to the room, I mentally analyzed the tone and expression of the clerk. She didn't sound sincere, and I wondered how many of their guests were high-priced prostitutes. I swiped the door lock and entered the front room, dimly lit by night lights.
I could see a lighted bedroom off to the side where I assumed the woman would be waiting. I quickly removed my clothes and made my way to the bedroom. A sheet covered the woman in the same manner as Mom's bed. It was evident Mom had given her explicit instructions on the procedure.
I greeted her and assured her I would be slow and gentle. Moving the sheet up to her knees revealed her lower legs. They were the legs of a young woman, firm and toned. I caressed them, telling her how great they felt. When I thought she had relaxed enough, I pushed the sheet up to the tops of her thighs. I stroked her firm thighs, marveling at their beauty.
They were like my mother's but a younger version. I recognized them as Aunt Rachel's. I couldn't believe both of my closest family members thought they could fool me. I had been lusting for her legs for as long as I had Mom's.
Wondering how she discovered our business, I recalled how she used to visit us in the old neighborhood and still had a lot of friends there. My thoughts snapped back to how to proceed. Fulfilling my lustful fantasy of making love to my aunt, I wanted it to be a special session for both of us.
I thought, "Should I do the same as I did to my mother, prolonging the seduction to the end? Will she pretend as my mother did?"
If my aunt wanted to fuck me, she would have to tell me to do it. I wouldn't allow her to act like she was a client for long.
She sucked in a breath of air when I moved the sheet up to her midriff in one fast move. Her beautiful pussy came into view. She was clean-shaven, not one hair on her mound, smooth as glass. I moved up and placed my stiff shaft on the side of her leg while caressing her creamy thighs. Her legs widened, exposing her wet gash. She was anxious for her nephew to fuck her needy slot. I ran my fingers up and down her wet slit and inserted three fingers into her hole.
She was wet and ready. I finger fucked her cavern until she moaned in pleasure. Capturing her clit between my fingers, I rolled the sensitive nub, causing her to move her hips from side to side. She humped up, trying to convince me to complete her fantasy. I moved the head of my prick to her pussy and swirled it around her fat, wet lips. When she humped up to lodge it in her canal, I backed off and kept it from entering.
Now was the time to taunt my beautiful aunt. "Your thighs are so smooth and sexy. I love feeling them," I commented while I massaged and caressed her meaty flesh. "My aunt's legs are like these. I've wanted to touch them for a long time. She's the sexiest woman I know, and I would love to be doing this to her."
She moaned louder and increased the movement of her hips. Her legs couldn't be any further apart, granting me full access. I went back to playing with her pussy while tormenting my sexy aunt. "Your pussy is perfect too. I imagine this is how my aunt's pussy would look. It's begging for my hard prick."
I teased her pussy with my cock, poking in an inch and withdrawing several times before saying, "Your pussy is as hot and tight as a virgin's. I wish my aunt would ask me to fuck her. I want to hear those words. Can you tell me? Can you tell your nephew to fuck you hard?" I stuck my cock head into her pussy several inches and quickly pulled it out, elevating her excited state.
She took hold of the sheet and threw it off the bed, screaming, "Goddammit, Sam. Yes, I want my nephew to fuck me. Quit delaying. Shove your huge prick in your aunt's horny hole!"
Her lustful face conveyed the urgency of her desire to fuck her sister's son. I leaned down and kissed her while sliding my cock into her hot sheath. I lowered my weight on her, locking our mouths together, tongue fucking each other while I sunk the rest of the way into my sexy aunt.
Snaking my hands between our hot, sweaty bodies, I grabbed her meaty breasts and mauled them, twisting her sensitive nipples while I fucked her hard. She pulled her mouth off to gasp for air. Her breasts heaved up and down against my chest, her excitement level rapidly increasing. She was receiving the incestuous fucking she had fantasized about the last several years. I continued my assault on her sensitive breasts while hammering in and out of her drooling pussy.
She panted rapidly and groaned, her pussy filled with more cock than she'd ever experienced. Her pussy walls snapped shut when I pulled my shaft back to her entrance, stretching out again when I forcefully plowed back in.
Before I achieved my orgasm, my aunt's pussy clamped down on my prick when she climaxed. Her contractions continued while I thrust in and out. Several strokes later, she went limp from her quick and intense orgasm. I pulled out and was going to move off when she pulled me down tight as Mom had done.
She held me tight to her body while we gently caressed each other. Mom and her sister were similar in many ways, desiring fleshy, close contact after making love. Melded together with my sexy aunt was a dream come true. I rose to admire her. Scanning up and down her luscious body caused my prick to harden even more. Shifting my eyes up to her beautiful face, our eyes locked together, connecting as lovers.
She smiled wide, marveling, "You knew right away, didn't you? How did you know it was me?"
"I'd know those legs anywhere. I leer at them every time you visit. They're beautiful and sexy. You can't realize how many times I've fantasized about making love to you," I revealed to her.
Raising, she reached out to hold my slick prick that had given her an orgasm. She pushed me over on my back and positioned herself on my legs, stroking my shaft with both of her hands. With a sexy look, she said, "Did one of your fantasies end like this?" She leaned down and licked her juices off my cock. Holding the base, she enveloped the sensitive head in her mouth and cleaned it off with her rough tongue. She lowered her mouth down my pole much further than Mom had done. I felt it hit the back of her throat and was surprised she didn't gag. She pulled back to the top and slammed down again.
It was the best blow job I'd ever received. My aunt's teeth lightly scraped while she pulled up, then slammed back down. She fucked and sucked me with her mouth until my balls filled with cum and were ready to blow. She sensed it and lightly squeezed my balls as she sucked my ejaculating cock. She swallowed every drop of sticky cum and continued to massage my cock after it softened in her hot mouth. She pulled off my limp prick and grinned wide when she crawled up and rested on my body.
She nibbled at my ear and whispered, "Was that one of the fantasies you've had of your horny aunt?"
"Way better than I could have ever dreamed up. You're the sexiest and hottest aunt in town," I sighed, soothingly stroking her smooth back. "You're going to have to request a refund. You paid for a load of sperm deposited in your pussy, not your mouth."
She replied, "Probably better this way. It'd be hard to explain to my big sister how I got knocked up by her horny son."
There was no way she knew I wouldn't come inside her, and she knew who she was going to fuck. I wasn't sure why she made up this story, but her look made me think she wanted me to believe her and not press the issue. Kissing her lightly, I said, "Good thinking, Aunt Rachel."
We were silent for several minutes, enjoying our close contact. My aunt's sexy voice broke the silence, "Sam, I have a late check-out for the room. How would you like to stay and entertain your lonely aunt tonight?"
I wondered what she would think if she knew Mom was waiting down in the bar for me. I had mixed feelings between wanting to stay and fuck my sexy aunt or take Mom home to do the same. Quickly going through the options, I said, "I'd like nothing better, but I have to go home first and let Mom know I won't be staying there tonight. I'll grab some clothes and tell her I'm going to a friend's house."
We kissed several times before she said, "Perfect, Sam. Hurry back." She rolled off and allowed me to exit. I took my time leaving her room, taking in her beauty. She was a younger version of Mom, and I only lusted after my mother more because of the deep emotional ties between a mother and son.
I left her room and joined Mom. Looking over to the booth by the bar, I asked, "Did our client leave?"
Mom replied, "She went to the front desk and received a room key. He met with her at the elevators. They had that look only a mother and son have before they make love."
"You'd recognize that look, that's for sure. I'm happy that it worked out."
Changing subjects, she asked, "How did it go with our client? Any problems?"
I answered, "No, Mom. Everything went fine. It was quite delightful."
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "She was a fine fuck. She reminded me a lot of you. Her body was as great as yours, also a brunette, but she had dyed her hair blonde. She could have been your sister."
Pausing to let it sink in, I smiled and whispered, "Oh wait, she was your sister. I just fucked Aunt Rachel."
Everyone turned to look at us when Mom let out a loud shriek. Mom's face turned red at the attention. Backing off, I observed her expression turn from surprise to lust. Fumbling in her purse, she pulled out enough cash to pay for her drinks and threw it on the table, hastily rising from the table.
As soon as I rose, she interlocked her arm with mine and pulled me out of the hotel bar. She guided me down the hall to the pool/sauna room. Using my key card, I unlocked the door. No one was present in the pool area, probably out for dinner. Mom opened one of the sauna rooms, finding it empty. She pulled me in, closed the door, and immediately attacked me. She pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me while her hands explored my body.
I ran my hands up and down her back, lowering until I found her skirt waistband and pulled her top out. My hands snuck under her blouse, caressing her slick, bare flesh. I moved my hands up, cupping, squeezing, and mauling her firm breasts. Capturing a nipple with my left hand, my right hand ventured lower to stroke her thigh. I moved my hand to her groin, searching for her exposed pussy.
I grabbed her forest of pussy hair and tugged on it, causing her to pant in my mouth while she ravished me. I stuck three fingers in her steamy cunt and fucked her fast. She was on fire and needed relief. Moving her to the bench, I gently pushed her on her back. Pushing her skirt up to her waist, I lowered my mouth and latched onto her excited pussy.
She yelled in pleasure, pulling my head into her hungry cunt. My tongue fucked her horny hole. Screaming with excitement, she exclaimed, "Oh god, yes. Suck your mother's cunt. I need to cum. Eat your mommy's pussy!"
Continuing to slurp on her hungry snatch, I shoved two fingers to the bottom of her pussy. I finger-fucked her while my mouth captured her engorged clit. Stroking in and out at a furious pace, I sucked her clit into my mouth. After five more strokes, her body stiffened, and her pussy contracted, spilling her cum over her thighs. Slurping her sweet nectar, I cleaned up the majority of her juices.
She sat up to hug me and held her arms tight around me as if she was going to faint. Without saying a word, she released me and tucked in her blouse. Rising off the bench, she held my hand and opened the door to exit. With her face flushed and wet with sweat, you'd think we had the sauna on, but the heat was all from my hot mom.
She didn't stop pulling me until we were out of an exit, ending up in an outside garden area. She filled her lungs with the cool night air, turned to me, and held me by the hips, looking into my eyes. She hoarsely croaked, "Wow. I don't know what came over me. The thought of you fucking Rachel got me so excited. In my mind, I thought it might happen. I've seen the way you look at her, but I thought you would make the advance. I should have known since we've always had the same likes and dislikes."
We walked the hotel grounds like lovers, our sides glued together with our arms tightly wrapped around our waists. She wanted to hear every detail of our incestuous aunt-nephew coupling.
After describing our episode, I stopped walking and held her. "Mom, I'm sorry if you didn't want me to go through with it once I found out it was Rachel, but in our aroused state, we couldn't help it. She had a lot of pent-up lust, much as I've seen in you. You're both so beautiful and sexy that I have no self-control around you two."
Almost crying, she let out her deepest feelings. "Sam, you've released many buried sexual cravings. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of slut, but I love being with you. All I think about now is your wonderful cock in my horny pussy. You can't imagine the joy I get when you stuff me full of your hard prick."
"I feel the same way, Mom. I get excited when I think about being with you. If you want me to tell Rachel I can't make it, I will, and we can go home and enjoy each other tonight."
She quickly replied, "No, honey. I love my sister and know she shares my powerful sexual needs. And you're going to fulfill her desires. We're going to make my sister happy tonight, but not before I come again on my son's wonderful cock."
She pulled out her phone to check the time. "She expects you back in twenty minutes. Let's enjoy the rest of the walk and get you back up there. My sister deserves a good breeding."
Mom's nurturing is one of the many traits that I adored about her. She put taking care of the people she loved above her own personal desires. It solved my dilemma of what to do tonight, but the outcome would be different than the original plan.
Mom wanted to participate in the upcoming sexual romp with my aunt. No surprise there, thinking back on the frantic scene of her making love to Monica and how she became sexually aroused when I told her I fucked her sister.
Stopping us before we arrived back at the hotel, she hugged me tight and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. She confided, "Honey, you can ask for anything you desire, anytime. I'm completely yours to fulfill your wishes. I love you so much." We passionately kissed, sealing our sinful relationship. Regrettably, we released our hug to rendezvous with her sister.
Hopefully, Aunt Rachel's terrific blow-job would help me from coming too fast before satisfying the sexy sisters. Mom guided us back to the hotel and into the elevator with our arms intertwined, acting like a married couple going to their room.
An older couple was in the elevator as we rode up to our floor. The husband was overtly staring at Mom's proud, upright, braless tits with her hard nipples pressed against the thin material. His wife took a deep breath. Mom's cum-smeared thighs filled the confined area with an aroma of sex. Visions of the couple tearing off their clothes and fucking each other from getting aroused entered my mind. Their floor was before ours, and as the door shut, I saw the man grab the woman's ass. They were in for a good time.
After swiping my card, the door clicked open. We entered, and thankfully, the front room was empty. I called out to my aunt to alert her of my arrival. "Honey, I'm home," I announced, hearing my aunt giggle. Mom and I stripped off our clothes. Mom waited in the front room while I paraded into the bedroom with my hardening prick bobbing up and down.
Spreadeagled on the bed with her legs wide apart, I could see she had started without me. Her hands mauled her wet pussy. She huskily proclaimed, "Is that for me? I can't wait to play with it."
I replied, "Why yes, Auntie. It's revived and ready to stretch your tight pussy to its limits. But first, I want to pay you back for what you did earlier."
Looking puzzled, she understood my comment when I lowered my mouth to her open pussy. I licked up and down her puffy lips, cleaning off her juices. She placed her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly to her hungry cunt. I explored the insides of her pussy with my tongue, taking time to lick her sensitive clit. Her breathing was rapid and short while I feasted on her pussy.
When I thought she was near her climax, I rose, pulling her up with me. I hugged her bare body to mine, kissing her. She mauled my mouth with her tongue while we explored each other's bodies. Plopping down on my back, I positioned her to face the headboard and had her lower her pussy to my waiting mouth. I continued my assault on her snatch while her hips writhed, trying to connect my tongue with her sensitive parts.
Moans and groans filled the room from my aunt expressing her pleasure. Feeling a hand surround my prick, I knew Mom had entered the room. I felt the bed move when Mom crawled up my body. Her legs were tight against my sides while she maneuvered to impale herself on my rod. My aunt didn't notice; my tongue assaulting her pussy held her attention. I felt Mom lift my pole, and shortly after, I felt her snug pussy descend my length. She was hot and wet, sinking to the bottom.
She rose and fell down several times, causing the bed to bounce. Aunt Rachel realized something was happening and turned her head to see Mom fucking herself on my prick. Cum poured out of my aunt's convulsing pussy when she climaxed. She screamed, "Oh my god! You're fucking your son!"
Rachel climaxed again, watching her older sister fuck my pole. I swallowed her freely flowing sweet cum.
"Yes. I'm fucking my son, as you did with your nephew an hour ago. Thanks to you, his wonderful cock is slick and hard, filling my pussy full. Turn around and watch while I fuck myself to an orgasm."
My aunt lifted her cleaned pussy off my face, positioning herself above my head. Facing Mom, she watched a horny mother, her sister, fuck her son. Lying still to keep from getting too excited, I allowed Mom to do the work. If I did anything to help, I wouldn't last long, and Mom had stipulated I wasn't to come in her pussy. It was an erotic sight, watching my mother bounce up and down, mashing our hairy mounds together when she bottomed out each time. Nearing her climax, she pulled her sister close. I pushed my aunt's ass, shoving her to Mom, pulling her pussy down to my mouth while Mom kissed Rachel.
They kissed like lovers, groping and pawing their breasts. Aunt Rachel's excitement quickly elevated while I ate her pussy, and Mom assaulted her from the top. Mom broke away long enough to shriek, "I'm cumming on my son's prick. It feels so good." My aunt leaked out a river of juices, witnessing the sinful act of a mother climaxing on her son's cock.
I didn't hump up while Mom's pussy drenched my pole. The copious fluid pouring on my cock helped me stave off my orgasm as there was no friction, only Mom's contractions while she came. She rested on me with my prick fully embedded in her sheath, kissing her sister again. Rising off my saturated pole, Mom flopped down on the bed beside me, her legs wide apart. Mom's pussy gaped open, cum smeared in the forest of pussy hair and engorged lips.
Aunt Rachel stared at my still-hard cock and boomed, "Jesus, he's still hard. Didn't he cum?" Absorbing more information, she screamed, "Your son fucked you bareback! Are you protected, or does he pull out each time?"
Mom replied, "He didn't cum. You two had me so heated that I couldn't hold off my orgasm for him. And yes, he fucks me with his bare, fleshy prick. My pussy has been overflowing with sperm from my horny son. Rachel, come here and look at how my son stretched out his poor mother's cunt."
I helped Rachel up and positioned her between Mom's outstretched legs. I moved behind my aunt, reached up, and massaged her full breasts while she stared at Mom's wanton display. Mom ran her fingers around her pussy and held up a sticky cum covered finger. "Come taste your big sister. Show us how you're as slutty as you look."
Aunt Rachel didn't hesitate and lowered her mouth to Mom's snatch, feasting on her older sister's cum-soaked pussy. She cleaned Mom's hairy mound, ending at her puffy slit.
She hoarsely chuckled, "Melissa, we're going to have to tame this bush of yours. I can see I have to give my sister some trimming lessons." She went back to licking Mom's cunt.
Caressing and stroking my aunt's back and thighs, I moved up and lined my hard cock up with her pussy. Rachel's attention was solely on pleasing my mother, paying no attention to her horny nephew. Without any warning, I slid my rock-hard cock into her tight cunt.
I bottomed out in one quick stroke, tearing through her sensitive pussy walls. She screamed in my mother's gash, wracked with sudden pleasure. I held onto her hips and slammed in and out of my horny aunt while she moaned and sucked on mom's pussy. She gripped Mom's clit in her lips and held it steady while I hammered away.
Mom took a tongue lashing from her sister, heating up fast. She breathed hard and gasped for breath. "Oh god, Rachel. If I knew you could eat pussy like this, I would have enlisted your help long ago. You're showing your slutty self now. Fucking your nephew and eating your sister's pussy at the same time. You're ready to cum again, aren't you? You're sex-starved, and you can't help it."
I moved my hands to my aunt's waist, pulling her body into mine while I assaulted her from behind.
My Mom teased my aunt again. "I am jealous of you, though, baby sister. My son is doggy fucking you. I can only imagine how it feels with his huge prick sawing in and out of your tight box."
Gasping for air while holding onto Mom's clit challenged her, but my aunt managed to hump back to my thrusts.
"Feel his head, Rachel? It's like a large plum shoved in your cunt, right? It stretches your tight pussy each time he shoves it in. Its flared edge scrapes and stretches the walls of your hot snatch. Don't hold back; let yourself go!"
My aunt couldn't move her mouth anymore, keeping it locked onto Mom's clit. Her body shook while she neared another orgasm.
Mom moaned from her sister's actions when she responded to my aunt's previous comment. "I'd like to shave off my bush, but my son gets turned on by a big, hairy pussy. He loves running his fingers through my mound of hair. Sam, think of the first time you stared at your mother nude while fucking your horny aunt."
How did she know I loved her hairy pussy? I couldn't recall commenting on it, but now that she mentioned it, images flashed through my mind when I lifted the sheet revealing her full, bushy pussy. The sight of Monica's beautiful, black bush filled my head. Blood gushed into my already hard prick, expanding it, increasing the friction against my aunt's pussy walls. I slammed in so hard I was afraid my aunt's forward motion might injure Mom's open cunt.
Escalating too quickly, I switched my thoughts to non-sexual topics to keep from cumming. Rachel's body shook while my stiff prick battered her pussy. Her channel exploded and contracted on my cock. I continued to fuck through her convulsions, barely holding off on my orgasm. She sucked on Mom's ravaged cunt when I pulled out of her sloppy canal. Remaining outside my aunt's squeezing snatch allowed me to cool off and not blow my load.
Moving up to Mom, I waved my cum covered cock in front of her face and asked, "Mom, could you clean off your sister's mess." Wasting no time, she gripped it by the base and licked up and down the shaft, drinking in Rachel's cum. Unwilling to tempt fate by putting it in her hot mouth, she licked the outside of my stem, allowing me to cool off. Suddenly she quit licking and let go of my prick when her body tightened and shook, climaxing on her sister's tongue.
Aunt Rachel cleaned Mom's juices from her overworked pussy, exclaiming, "Damn. If that's what a hairy pussy does to your son, I may have to let mine grow out."
Mom was sexually spent, her face expressing a look of contentment and satisfaction. I moved behind Rachel and caressed her back and legs while she recovered. When she rose, I reached out and pulled her off to bring her up to me, holding her tight. Our eyes locked, and I didn't see the same satisfied look as in my mother's eyes.
Lust dominated her facial expression, but something else was missing. There was a hidden pleading for something she dearly desired. Simultaneously, we moved our mouths closer, lightly kissing each other. Our tongues ran against each other's lips while we sensuously connected. We hugged tightly as our kissing increased in intensity.
Our melded bodies trapped my prick. My aunt's fat breasts squished out the sides while hugging me tightly. Our hard nipples meshed together while we twisted and turned our bodies for maximum contact. I ran my hands down her smooth back and cupped her ass. Holding and squeezing her firm buns, our kiss intensified into a lover's kiss.
"Sam, I love being with you. Your manly scent drives me crazy whenever I get close to you," my sexy aunt exclaimed, lifting one leg to my side. I held her thigh with one hand and her ass with my other. She jumped up, locking her other leg around me while holding onto my shoulders. Our bodies smashed together while I lifted her by her ass. Her pussy juices left a slime trail on my stomach while she rose higher.
Her slot was open and above my stiff pole when I lowered her. She sucked on my neck while my prick separated her tight pussy walls. Suddenly I dropped her to the bottom, impaling her on my spear. She locked her mouth on my neck, squealing in delight. She dug her nails into my back while I fucked her. I knew a hickey would appear in the morning from my aunt sucking my flesh.
Mom caught our attention when she said, "Sam, make love to your aunt the way you should. Make love to her as you did me the first time, missionary style. She deserves a proper fucking from my son."
I lowered Rachel on top of the bed, keeping my cock jammed deep in her hairless hole. As I dropped her the final foot and fell on top of her, air rushed out of her lungs. We gently kissed while I stroked in and out, each of us lost in our world of sexual pleasure.
My hands roamed over her smooth skin and ended up on her firm, meaty globes. I squeezed them hard, causing my aunt to moan with pleasure. My fingers sought out and found her stiff nipples. Looking into her lust-filled, green eyes, I twisted her teats while pumping in and out of her hungry cunt. She wrapped her legs around my waist in a scissors lock, increasing the depth of my strokes. She gasped for air and struggled to say something on her mind. She managed to stammer, "Melissa, did you mean it when you said both of you are unprotected when you have sex?"
Mom crawled up close to her ear, ran her tongue around the sensitive outside, and whispered, "Yes, Rachel. I'm going to have his baby, and you are, too. You want one. That's why your tiny-dicked husband left because you wanted a child. He wasn't big enough of a man to make you pregnant, seeking all those other women to assert himself. Let my son fill you with sperm and give you a baby."
Now it came out why she filed for divorce. My suspicions were correct. Fucking her hard now, she had trouble talking but managed to protest, falsely standing by her moral inhibitions. "Yes. I want a child, but your son seems wrong. I don't know if I can go through with it."
Mom quickly retorted, "You can't lie to your sister. You rented this room with the full knowledge it was Sam, and you paid to have him fill your horny pussy with his cum. Don't try to hide it now. Let your true feelings out and enjoy the best fuck you'll ever get."
Rachel's body shook while I rocked her body with my pounding. Relief swept through her face when she let loose and screeched, "You're right, Melissa. I've wanted a baby from your boy for a long time. I've wanted him for years, but I was afraid I'd hurt you. I thought I could do it without you knowing, but I don't care now. Fuck me hard, Sam. Fill me with your seed and make us a baby!"
I captured her mouth again, and we tongue fucked while my hands gripped her ass, helping her humping hips meet my thrusts. My cock slammed against her back wall each stroke, causing hot air to gush from her lungs each time.
She pulled her mouth away to gasp and catch her breath. Her thrashing was uncontrolled and erratic, making it impossible to maintain a smooth stroking. I felt her body tense up and shake. Loud enough for the hotel lobby staff to hear, she screamed, "Oh god! I'm cumming on my nephew's cock. It's so damn good! Fill me with your sperm, Sam. Please!"
I kissed her again, thrusting my expanded prick into her hot snatch. Her pussy contracted hard, preventing me from entering more than halfway. I pulled back out to her entrance and tried again. Her pussy convulsed again, stopping my fleshy ram. As soon as her contraction ended, I shoved hard, allowing my fat head to plow through her clenched walls. My brain signaled my balls to send a load of hot cum up and out the tip. My first glob of baby-batter flooded her cavity, releasing millions of sperm.
Feeling my load of cum fill her starving cunt, her body arched up and shook while she screamed out in intense pleasure. Her pussy contracted harder than the first two times while my prick remained buried to the hilt. I kept pumping load after load into my horny aunt while her clasping pussy milked my spitting snake. Her cavern was filled with so much gooey cum that no amount of pussy contractions would slow me down. I kept fucking her after I dumped my payload, attempting to pack my sperm to the bottom.
Her body went limp when she lowered her legs to the bed. The same content look spread across her face as I had seen on Mom. She whispered, "Thank you, Sam. I am completely satisfied, better than I've felt for a long time."
Her expression of pleading changed to joy and satisfaction. I kissed her and said, "You're going to be a great mother. To ensure you get pregnant, we should repeat this several times, don't you think?"
She giggled and spewed, "Yes. We have to make sure." We gently kissed while I lowered my weight to her and melded as one again. After several minutes of bonding, I rolled over, positioning myself between my favorite two relatives. They rolled onto their sides to face me. Caressing my body, the three of us recovered from the incestuous couplings.
*****
Exhausted, I soon fell asleep. My deep sleep ended three hours later when I woke up with an urgent need to pee. Mom was nearest the bathroom, so I gently moved my leg over her to get off the bed. She was on her side, and my morning wood scraped across her hip while I made my way to the edge of the bed.
She stirred in her sleep, rolling over on her back. Seeing she didn't wake up, I proceeded to the bathroom. I closed the door and briefly considered taking care of my hard-on to relieve myself, but with two sexy women feet away, I wasn't going to use my hand.
Minutes flew by while I waited until I softened enough to drain my bladder. Finding myself dehydrated from the previous night's activities, I gulped down two glasses of water. Turning off the bathroom light, I opened the door to crawl back into bed. I lifted the sheet and straddled Mom to move over to the center.
Her beautiful breasts slowly heaved up and down. Resisting my desire to fondle and suck on her meaty globes, I surveyed the rest of her body. As soon as I caught sight of her mound of fur, my prick filled with blood, rising and scraping across Mom's soft stomach.
Thinking back to our time in the parking lot, she said I could do whatever I wanted. Would she be upset if I spread her legs and sank my stiff prick into her delightful pussy? Looking at her restful face, deep in sleep, I decided I wouldn't wake her up for my enjoyment. I loved her too much. Lowering down, I lightly pressed my mouth to hers. I kissed her gently while inhaling her wonderful scent. My hard cock throbbed, pressed into her soft stomach.
I eased my leg over and laid down flat between them. Mom didn't wake up during my kiss, but stirred in her sleep, turned on her side, and scooted close to me. She moved her leg over mine and draped her arm over my chest while she soundly slept. I quickly drifted off, listening to Mom's steady breathing.
Another three hours of restful sleep lapsed while I dreamed of our incestuous fucking. I relived our recent couplings and the intense pleasure derived from the women I loved. I started to awaken, feeling someone caressing my chest and the blissful erotic feeling of someone humping on top of my prick. Opening my eyes, I watched my beautiful mother's lip close in. She gently kissed me while rubbing her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Good morning. How did you sleep?" Mom rose, allowing me to see it was Rachel fucking herself on my rod. Her ass faced me with her head near my feet. Groaning so loud that she couldn't hear our conversation, it was evident that she had been enjoying my prick for a while. I replied, "I slept well, and hopefully, I can wake up like this every day."
She smiled and explained, "She woke up horny, and I'll have you the rest of the day. I told her to enjoy herself and jump on. Of course, she thinks she gets to drain your hot spunk into her hungry pussy, but your horny mother needs it more than she does."
I could usually last longer when I didn't have to work at it, but Rachel's pussy was bending and twisting my cock, intensifying my excitement. She expertly used my prick to connect with her sensitive spots. Her panting was swift and heavy, nearing her climax. She firmly held my ankles for support while furiously humping up and down my slippery shaft.
Detecting my rise in excitement from my breathing, Mom leaned close to me and whispered, "Hold on. Save your load of cum for your mother. Think of something else while I take care of your aunt."
Reaching out, she snaked her hand around to the back of my dick, coating her fingers with our juices. Rachel yelped when Mom massaged her sister's clit. Her body shook from Mom's squeezing fingers gripped around her sensitive nub.
Rachel stopped her up and down strokes, resting on my groin with my shaft fully stuffed in her snug glove. Enjoying several mini-orgasms from Mom's manipulating fingers, she smashed her face between my legs, gasping for air.
Mom quickly brought her hand to Rachel's ass and ran it through her sister's crack. Positioning her fingers at Rachel's puckered asshole, she pushed three digits in, causing an immediate orgasm and shriek from my aunt with both of her holes filled.
Juices flowed down my shaft when my aunt climaxed. Remaining on my hard prick after her contractions, we stayed connected until her breathing returned to normal. She slowly extracted herself, releasing my hard cock from her wet snatch.
Rachel was sweating and looked tired from the early morning fuck when she fell flat on her back. She revived herself enough to reprimand Mom. "Dammit, Melissa. You caused me to come before I was ready. I wanted your son's cum to fill me."
Mom smiled and snickered, "Sorry, Sis. My pussy is on fire, and my son has the hose to quench it. Don't underestimate a mother's desire for her horny son. I'll reward you, though, for your sacrifice."
She knelt between Rachel's legs and leaned down to latch her mouth onto Rachel's leaking pussy. She licked and cleaned up her sister's nectar, sticking her tongue into her stretched hole, causing Rachel to moan in pleasure, quickly forgiving Mom.
I crawled out of bed and stood by them, watching the sisters enjoy their coupling. While Mom sucked her sister's hot snatch, she elevated her ass, spreading her legs. Positioning myself behind Mom, I remained still, fascinated at the erotic sight.
Mom's long, toned legs framed her hairy pussy and wet gash. An image of Monica in the same position flashed before me while I mentally compared the two women I loved most. I imagined Monica and Mom side by side and made myself a promise to make it happen shortly. Monica had thinner legs and creamier skin, but Mom's firm thighs were sexy in their own right.
Between Mom's lovely legs, I could see her tits swaying while she slurped on Rachel's pussy. I moved close enough to rub my cum-coated cock up and down her thighs. Mom twisted her hips around, spreading her legs wider apart in preparation for the doggy fuck she had been yearning for since I fucked her sister the previous night.
I pulled back far enough to run my hands up to the inside of her thighs to her open pussy. Teasing her outer lips briefly with my slick fingers, I ran my hands back down her thighs. Repeating this process several times elevated Mom's excitement, causing her to hump her hips. Moving up to her firm ass, I massaged and squeezed her cheeks. Spreading them apart, I revealed her puckered asshole above her hairy pussy. I ran my hands back down to her groove and spread my fingers out as I ran through her forest of soft fur.
Closing my fingers, I pulled down and out to open her pussy. Already wet in anticipation, her gaping hole pulsated as if it was milking a cock. Inching near her, I placed my blood-filled head at the mouth of her greedy gash. Her fat pussy lips snapped down on it while she moved her ass back, trying to swallow her son's shaft. I pulled back with her movement allowing only the head to enter. Her hips stopped, and I rewarded her with a few more inches of hard cock.
Her pelvis humped back once again, trying to suck in my shaft. I pulled back until her hips stopped. I slithered my one-eyed snake back in, opening her tight walls. Halfway in, I stopped. She didn't move, moaning with delight while munching on her sister's cunt. Reaching up to hold her waist for leverage, I sunk my cock to the bottom of her tight sheath, stopping when my balls slapped the top of her pussy.
Her lungs emptied while she groaned loudly. She released her mouth from Rachel's pussy, burying her face in her sister's soft stomach while she struggled to breathe. Leaving my shaft buried to the hilt, I moved my hands up her torso feeling her sweaty hot skin. Finding her hanging breasts, I squeezed and mauled her heavy globes while I pulled my coated shaft out to her entrance and forcefully shoved it back to the bottom. My prick split her walls apart when my fat, flared head plowed through her soft folds.
Using her breasts to pull her body back, I plowed into her juicy box. The heat emanating from her quivering pussy was like a blast furnace when I descended each time. She inched up Rachel's body while I pounded her hungry cavern. When Mom rested her face between her sister's breasts, Rachel pushed her ample tits together, halting Mom's forward movement. While I continued to fuck my mother, my fingers found and captured her sensitive nipples. She groaned in pleasure while her pussy and tits sent signals to her brain.
Continuing to pump my steel-hard rod in and out of her tight pussy, I gripped her nipples and pulled them, stretching out her tits. She yelped like a puppy while her pussy shook, experiencing several mini-orgasms. Slick cum flowed around my cock while I fucked her through her minor contractions. Releasing her nipples, I gently caressed her breasts while I slowed my pace, allowing us to recover.
She raspily yelped, "Jesus. You're fucking your mother so good. Your prick feels like it's twice its normal size, stuffed into my horny pussy. I'm going to require more doggy fucking in the future. Keep fucking Mommy!"
Obeying my mother, I increased my pace, ensuring I scraped her sensitive spots in her tight pussy. She latched onto Rachel's engorged nipple. Rachel held Mom's head firmly to her breast while I fucked my beautiful mother. Rachel closed her eyes, enjoying her sister's sucking mouth. Her face reflected her pleasure while participating in the sinful incestuous coupling.
Mom was right, of course; this was the best fuck ever. Her pussy was as tight and hot as her skin. Juices leaked out of her tight snatch, matting our pubic hair, my prick battering her soaked pussy. Loud squishing noises and the slap-slap-slap sounds of my balls against her cunt filled the room.
Traveling down her hot skin, my hands stopped several inches below her swinging breasts. Spreading my fingers out, they sunk between each rib and squeezed tight. I could feel her heart pumping at an elevated rate. Stopping my hip movement, I fucked her by pulling her back and forth, using her ribcage as leverage. Her mini-orgasms didn't satisfy her lustful cravings, her moaning growing louder. Her globes of succulent tit flesh swung back and forth, colliding with Rachel's torso while she attempted to suck milk out of her sister's nipples.
Fearing I was going to bruise her body, holding her so tight, I brought her pelvis back to collide with my groin. Buried to the root, I stopped fucking her to catch my breath and calm down before elevating her to a major orgasm.
Bringing my hands down to her pelvis, I gripped her hip bones. Stroking gently in and out, I admired the view of our coupling. Her curvy body enhanced her beautifully smooth flesh. My prick was white and frothy from our mixed juices. Looking below my coated cock, I noticed Rachel's pussy open and wet, also quivering with excitement. Moving up closer so I could go deeper, I fucked her faster. Changing my pace, I thrust in the first few inches, withdrew, and rapidly thrust back in. I repeated a dozen times, then sunk my cock down to the bottom of her velvety sheath.
Her breathing rate and groans increased while I fucked her at a furious pace. I repeated the short, fast fucking, sinking to the bottom of her starving pussy every dozen strokes. Anticipating when my prick descended, she arched her back to facilitate deeper penetration. Her groaning turned to a whimpering sound when she stopped sucking on her sister's tit, holding her nipple tight between her lips.
Her pussy vibrated and released more pussy juice, anticipating her major orgasm. Stopping my short stroking rotation, I fucked her slow and deep, hitting bottom each time. Even with her cavern full of lubricating sex juices, her pussy wrapped tight around my stiff prick each time it sank into her depths.
Halting my movement, I held her steady. My hard prick was firmly buried deep in her snug pussy. A feeling of empowerment swept through me. She wouldn't thrust back because of my earlier teasing. She didn't want to take the chance I'd pull out my cock, giving her so much pleasure. Less than a week ago, she was in total control as my mom. Now she was obeying her son like a sex slave.
During the pause, Mom murmured, "Please, Sam. Fuck me to a climax. Don't tease me anymore. I want to feel your hot sperm fill my pussy. I'm going to cum on your big cock pretty soon, regardless. Please be kind to your mother and flood my cunt with your cum."
Rachel piped, "Yes. My nipples can't take much more. Please fuck your mother to an orgasm. Or if you want, you can put it in another willing hole." I looked down to see my sexy aunt flex her hips, looking for a hard prick.
My eyes locked with Rachel's while I reached down and jammed three fingers deep in her wet cunt, stroking in and out as she bucked with excitement. I answered, "Sorry, Rachel. This load is for my sexy mother." I pulled my fingers out and held Mom again.
Feeling remorseful about teasing Mom earlier, I slowly pulled my shaft out to the entrance of her pussy. I swiped my head up and down her slit, rubbing it across her sensitive clit. Holding her tight, I popped my prick through her tight puffy outer lips and said, "Mom, it's your turn to fuck me. Show your motherfucking son how much you want him. Fuck me the way you want it!"
Her hips flew back so hard that I barely held myself from falling backward. My hands held tight while she went wild, bucking and fucking her son as hard as she could. Moving her ass up and down while moving to and fro caused my prick to hit areas seldom touched. Releasing Rachel's nipple to catch her breath, her groaning grew louder, using my cock to scrape along her sensitive walls.
Mom fucked me like I was the last man on earth. My breaths were short and rapid while my prick took a beating it hadn't had to endure before. I wanted this to last forever, but hot blood surged into my cock, signaling my approaching orgasm.
I gripped her thighs and timed my strokes with her frantic humping. It wasn't necessary to tell Mom I was ready to come when my prick expanded. Feeling her pussy and body tremble in anticipated excitement, I screeched, "Mom, your pussy is wet and tight. I can't believe I'm fucking my beautiful mother. Don't pass out this time. It'll be our best orgasm ever. I'm filling my mom's pussy with sperm!"
Hearing this, my aunt retorted, "You passed out fucking your son? Wow, you are one horny mother. And you call me a slut. Kiss me, you son-fucking slut."
The two sisters locked their mouths together, fucking each other's mouths. I held Mom tightly and fucked her hard. My helmeted head filled with blood, increasing my difficulty shoving in and out of her tight channel. My balls filled up, and it felt like they were trying to eject my entire reservoir of sperm at once. My shaft tunnel wasn't large enough to allow for that much volume.
My prick enlarged to accommodate the large lake of sperm boiling through it. Mom's spasming pussy continued to contract, attempting to coax out the river of hot cum flowing up my shaft. The large head of my prick felt like it exploded when the first load of hot, baby-batter shot out, bathing her insides.
She screamed in ecstasy when I felt a shock of intense pleasure surging through my prick to the rest of my body. Enjoying the most erotic fuck of my life, I pulled back and pushed in again to release another load of cum. Mom's pussy rapidly contracted tight, enhanced by the feeling of her son's sticky sperm filling her cavity.
Mom's body turned rigid when she released her sister's mouth to gasp for air. Her pussy flooded with cum, facilitating deeper penetration. In case she passed out again, I held her tightly, but thankfully, I heard her groan in pleasure, staying conscious to enjoy our sinful mother-son coupling.
Her pussy milked out every drop of cum from my erupting cock. When she relaxed, I shoved my cock to the bottom, letting it soak in her flooded cavern. I could feel hot fluid coating our genital areas when her cavity couldn't contain the copious amount of cum. Leaning down, I kissed her back while caressing her sides. Mom and Rachel panted, recovering from the intimate mother-son connection. We remained joined together, savoring the post-coital bliss from our erotic fuck.
Starting to soften, I regretted I wouldn't be able to fuck my beautiful mom again. I was the first to break the silence. "Damn. Your pussy is overflowing with cum. I've never blown out that much. We're going to make a mess on the bed."
Mom replied, "Don't worry. I'll clean you, and my sister will be happy to take care of my filled pussy."
Several blobs of cum spilled down on Rachel's bare stomach when I pulled my prick from Mom's cum-filled hole. Turning around, Mom lowered her still dripping pussy to her sister's waiting mouth. I heard Rachel slurping away while she greedily ate our mixed cum. Mom held my shaft by my base and licked up and down my length, expertly cleaning it. She enclosed my sensitive head in her mouth and gently licked it. Traveling down my shaft, she slurped on my balls until our mixed cum was cleaned up.
Looking down, I glimpsed Rachel moving her hips, her pussy leaking juice. Feasting on our cum-cocktail rapidly turned her on. Mom reached down and scraped her fingers across her sister's stomach, capturing our leaked, sticky fluid. Inserting her coated fingers into Rachel's hungry cunt, she moved them in and out, causing Rachel to groan in Mom's pussy.
Removing her fingers, Mom pulled me to her mouth. We sensually kissed while her sister sucked our juices from her pussy. Mom backed off and whispered, "She's ready to come again. Be a good nephew and help your aunt out."
Gladly compiling, I leaned down and stuck three fingers into Rachel's wet hole. I fucked her fast and furious while she bucked her hips to meet my intruding digits. She was already close to her orgasm when I captured her fat clit between my lips and lightly squeezed. Her body shook, climaxing on my fingers and mouth. I replaced my hand with my tongue while I drank her sweet nectar through her climax.
Extracting Mom from her sister, I pulled her up to me. We stood at the bottom of the bed, melding our sweaty bodies together while admiring her sexy, nude sister. We gently kissed with our sweaty bodies pressed together.
Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly while she rested her head next to mine. I felt her hot breath while we enjoyed our sensual post-coital moment. Seeing it was seven in the morning, I whispered, "Mom, it's still early. We don't have to go home, do we?"
Mom replied, "I love you more than you know, and now that my sister has joined in with us, I feel complete. We do have a late checkout, but we girls require our beauty sleep. Cuddle with us."
She pulled me down to the bed, and they resumed their position on either side of me, gently caressing my body while they put their hot legs over mine, trapping me in a pile of sexy familial flesh. Falling into a sound sleep again, I wondered who would be fucking me the next time I woke up.
Three hours later, I was brought out of my sleep when sunlight flooded the room. Someone was caressing my chest, but much to my dismay, no one was enjoying my morning wood. When my eyes opened, I watched Mom return from raising the blinds before crawling back into bed. She kissed me, her hands joining my aunt's, caressing my body.
Mom declared, "Good Morning, again. Hopefully, you slept as well as my sister and me. We're getting ready to leave. Rachel has some errands to do today."
My aunt added, "I wish I didn't have to go. I'd love to stay, but we'll have plenty of time together. The two of us are going to wear you out. We don't want to break our favorite toy." Rachel gently held my semi-hard cock, while Mom rubbed my chest.
Mom replied, "You mean the three of us."
Rachel asked, "Three? Who else?"
Mom replied, "You haven't met your nephew's soon-to-be wife, have you? Her name is Monica, and she's very sexy and charming."
My mind flashed to Monica's body when Mom mentioned her name. My prick filled with blood when visions of our fucking flashed through my mind.
Rachel squeezed my cock while it expanded and exclaimed, "My, she must be some girl by Sam's reaction. I can't wait to meet her and welcome her into our family. Unfortunately, I have to get going. I won't be able to enjoy this until tonight." She stroked my shaft several times before she left the bed and vanished into the bathroom.
I looked at Mom and pleaded, "She doesn't have time, but we do, don't we, Mom?"
Mom smiled and took over, stroking my prick and giggling, "We have to get back home. But first, get in there and help Rachel clean up." Emphasizing her meaning, she firmly gripped my prick, twisted it, and pointed it towards the bathroom.
"After you help your aunt in the shower, we can go home, where you'll clean up your dirty, slutty mother."
I leaned over and kissed Mom while my hand squeezed her nearest breast. I murmured, "You are such a caring sister. I love you, Mom."
The sound of the shower door opening and shutting prompted me to say, "Sounds like it's time for Aunt Rachel to get a thorough scrubbing." I left for the bathroom, my prick swinging back and forth, ready to fuck my beautiful aunt.
Thanks for reading. Continued in Breeding for Mom Pt. 02
Author's note:
All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of eighteen years.
This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the intent of impregnation. It does not include anal.
It felt good to be back in my room. After my first year of attending a university, I was back home for the summer. My name is Sam, and I live with my mom Melissa. My dad died more than a dozen years ago. Last year Mom bought the house we're now living in, located forty miles from where we used to live. We moved here right after my eighteenth birthday.
The large house was more than we required, but it was the best value for the location. I picked one of the bedrooms on the upper floor. We turned the other bedroom on the floor, which shared a bathroom with mine, into a study. Mom's master suite was at the end of a long hallway off the dining room, and the living room overlooked the back of the property. Large windows face the gardens in the backyard, providing a peaceful and quiet atmosphere. A couple of other bedrooms, located along the hallway to Mom's master suite, were turned into hobby rooms.
Her sister, Rachel, convinced Mom to move here to be closer to her. She divorced her husband three years ago and longed for her sister's companionship. My aunt finally convinced Mom to relocate. Mom wasted no time moving here as soon as I graduated. Neither have regretted it and have been inseparable. They have shown no interest in men, preferring to spend their time together.
Physically similar, they would have no trouble attracting men if they desired. They are brunettes, although my aunt dyed her hair blonde last year. Both have their hair cut short, which frames their beautiful faces perfectly. Mom's large, deep brown eyes make you feel better immediately when she looks at you. She has long, toned, firm legs, proudly showing them off when wearing short skirts. Her breasts aren't huge but large enough to sexily push out her tight blouses.
Aunt Rachel's deep green eyes accent her blonde hair. I thought she was sexy before changing, but her new hair color made her look even better. At twenty-six, she's eleven years younger than Mom. Her breasts appear bigger than Mom's, and her luscious legs look similar.
My mood has always been at its best when I'm around either of them. We have a large garden at our new house, and the three of us worked together, keeping it maintained. We usually treated ourselves to dinner or a movie after a day of hard work. My aunt lived a few blocks away and routinely walked over to visit us.
Rachel never mentioned her ex-husband, but she did obtain the house and a substantial amount of money after the divorce. Mom told me it was due to a dispute concerning children but wouldn't divulge whether my aunt wanted offspring or he did. Without hearing the true story, but knowing him, I suspected he had an affair.
Our time together the last few years has really bonded Mom and me, working and playing together. Mom rented an apartment for me at the university, thinking it would be more comfortable than living in a dorm. I figured it was an incentive to keep me at school, allowing her to develop a relationship. Coming home once a month would give Mom plenty of freedom, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't dating. After three months, Mom pleaded with me to come home every weekend because she and my aunt missed my company. Gladly accepting her proposal, I changed my schedule according to Mom's wishes.
My time with Mom and my aunt increased my sexual frustration. When I arrived back at school on Sunday night, I'd call up one of the girls I cycled through. They didn't know why they received such a good fucking each time I returned, and I wasn't honest enough to tell them I was fantasizing they were my mother. I picked girls that looked similar to Mom or Aunt Rachel, avoiding an emotional attachment to any of them. They made it clear they were with me for the sex and didn't want to get tied down to anyone during school, so I didn't mind using them to stave off my incestuous lust.
Mom and Rachel remained close, neither dating. They devoted their full attention to me when I came home for the weekends, and I looked forward to being with them through the summer. Jealous men stared at us when we'd go out on the town. My aunt dressed less conservative, although, much to my dismay, neither would go braless.
Eating out was especially hard as I would sit by Mom with Rachel across from us. She wore a bra, but her dresses showed a lot of cleavage from her full, meaty breasts. She often caught me staring at her chest through dinner, not saying anything to my mother. She would go back to talking to Mom, smiling while acknowledging the admiration of her sexy wares.
*****
Mom interrupted my daydreaming, calling me for dinner. She had prepared one of my favorite meals to celebrate my homecoming. While we sat across from each other, I found myself longingly staring at her beauty. She even asked me a couple of times whether I didn't like my food since I wasn't eating much. It was hard to break away to eat, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings in her attempt to please me. Her eyes were magnets, deep brown and beautiful, a window to her soul.
After finishing, we retired to the living room to discuss our gardening plans. It was the time of year we'd have to do a lot of work to get them in shape for summer. She told me Rachel was anxious to come over and help, which wouldn't help subdue my aroused state. Unfortunately, I would have to seek a seasonal job to help pay for my escalating education costs. Summer employment would severely limit the time that I could spend with my two favorite ladies.
I was tired after the long trip and went to bed early, putting off job hunting until morning. I fell asleep fast, thinking of past images of Mom and my aunt. I woke up earlier than usual and went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom had a daily newspaper delivered, and whenever I was home, we'd share it while eating breakfast. I retrieved it and started to read while waiting for Mom's arrival.
*****
Mom's door creaked open, and I heard her faint footsteps patter down the hall. She lightly kissed me on the back of my neck. "Good morning, Sam. You're up early." I could smell her natural scent while her lips burned my flesh.
"Yes, I am. I slept well and wanted to start looking for a job," I replied while watching my mother walk around me to the counter. My gaze froze when I saw her blue nightie, barely covering her full, firm ass. It wasn't a see-through, but it clung to her tight enough, making it obvious she was nude underneath.
While she filled the coffee machine, my eyes locked onto her long, bare legs. It wasn't the first time I'd seen them, but they still excited me when displayed. When she finished and turned, I quickly looked down at the paper, disguising the fact I was leering. While she walked by me to go back to her room, my eyes lustfully followed her sexy body.
After a few minutes, she returned in a robe to prepare breakfast. She must come out to the kitchen each morning right after awakening and start the coffee machine before returning to her room to change. I had gotten up early before, and she always wore her robe. I wondered if she had changed her routine when I started college.
I made a mental note not to allow sleep to interfere with my early morning delight. Hopefully, Mom wouldn't revert to wearing her robe before coming out to start up the coffee in the future.
We talked while she cooked. After we ate and finished reading the paper, I helped her clean up. When done, she asked, "What are you going to do today while I'm at work?"
"Mostly looking for a job, but I'll find some time to work in the garden, too. I want to contribute more to my college expenses. It's not fair that you're bearing most of the burden."
She smiled and replied, "I don't mind. You help out here so much that I'm getting my money's worth. If you find a job, promise me it's one you'll enjoy. I don't want you picking one just for the money."
"Thanks, Mom."
She hugged me, wished me luck, and left to get dressed to go to work. Retreating to my room, I surfed for job leads. A few minutes later, I heard Mom's car pull out. I looked out my window and watched her drive away. As soon as her car disappeared, I was in bed, stroking my rock-hard cock, reliving the sight of her nightie-clad body. I didn't last long, coating my stomach with globs of hot cum.
I didn't have much luck finding a job, so I decided to take a break and go out. I stopped at the grocery store and picked up some items Mom had written on a list on the table. When I arrived home, Mom was already there. She greeted me with a hug, and I asked her if anything was wrong. She smiled and said, "I took off early to spend more time with you before you start a job. Unless you don't want me to."
"That sounds great, Mom," I replied. "It'll be fun hanging out together."
We walked around the garden, discussing what to do for the next few days. While we ate dinner later that night, I told her I wasn't having any luck finding a job. She looked disappointed before grinning and saying, "You never know; maybe something will come up."
Soon after, I retired to the living room to watch TV while Mom went to her room. She left the door open, and I could hear her talking on the phone, probably catching up with a friend. Their conversation was too faint to comprehend the content, but I did hear her say goodbye.
She came out and sat by me on the couch, wrapping her arm around me to hug me. I could feel the heat from her body and her breath when she told me she would help me with a job. I turned and looked into those beautiful eyes while she continued to tell me she was talking with her friend Sharon regarding some available work. I remembered Sharon from our old neighborhood. She was Mom's age and was equally hot.
"Sharon has quite a bit of work to do around her house and is willing to pay you good money to help," Mom said.
Sharon was wealthy and would usually give me a twenty when we'd visit her; for my college fund, she'd say. I looked forward to good pay while working around a hot-looking woman.
"Thanks, Mom. That sounds great," I replied.
Mom smiled and kissed me on the cheek before returning to her room to call Sharon. She came out later and informed me I would start the next day. After a few more minutes, I told Mom I was heading to bed to get a good night's sleep. Setting my alarm to get up early, I drifted off fast.
*****
I was up and reading the paper, anxiously awaiting Mom's arrival. She made her appearance at the same time, wearing the same nightie. My plan worked while I leered at her scantily clad body. She repeated her routine, leaving and returning to fix breakfast in her robe. I told Mom I'd probably be late returning home since Sharon's house was an hour away. She hugged me goodbye, wishing me luck with my job. Her sexy, parting smile was enough to arouse my horny prick.
I made it to Sharon's place, and she was still as hot as I remembered. We reviewed the things she wanted to complete, and the list looked short enough that I was sure I could do it in a day, although Mom had told me there was a week's worth of work. After finishing the first item, I realized the main job Sharon wanted to accomplish was to have her pussy filled with a young hard cock. Her seduction plan wasn't complicated, leading me to her bedroom, stripping off her clothes, and begging me to fuck her hard.
She kept me in bed all day, obviously not getting the spousal sexual attention she required. She told me her husband was out of town on a business trip until the end of the week, probably fucking his secretary instead of attending meetings. She wasn't upset about his indiscretions as she was financially comfortable in their relationship. Neither of them desired a divorce and was satisfied with the status quo.
Exhausted from my workout, I arrived home late. Mom asked me how it went, and I told her there was a lot of hard work to do, which would keep me busy for the week. She smiled and told me how happy it made her knowing she was able to help with the arrangement. I went to bed early to get up for Mom's negligee showing.
Each day was a repeat of events starting with Mom in the morning and Sharon taking a sexual pounding during the day, allowing me to live out my incestuous fantasies. Sharon's sexual demands exhausted me so much one day that I blew it and slept past Mom's nightie show. Friday arrived too soon, signaling the end of my work week. I hoped Sharon would extend my time, but she explained she didn't want the neighbors to get suspicious and that she had enough memories to last a while. She thanked me with a day of sex, and I left with a check for five hundred dollars.
Mom had one of my favorite meals ready when I arrived home, and we discussed our weekend plans. We decided on several projects in the garden, and she mentioned that her sister would come over to help. I looked forward to spending a weekend with them. Signing and handing the check to Mom brought out a big smile when I told her to use it to help pay for college expenses.
After breakfast the next day, we worked in the garden. Shortly after we began, my aunt showed up, looking as good as ever. We had never felt comfortable hugging since she was close to my age. Instead, she stroked my arm with her hand in a greeting fashion, smiling wide and causing my groin to tingle. We toiled through the day, broke for lunch, and decided to dine out to celebrate our day of hard work.
Aunt Rachel went home to change while Mom and I picked her up on the way out. They were radiant at dinner, and I couldn't have been happier being out with these two beautiful women. Envious husbands stared at us while we dined. Sleep came easy after a full day of work.
*****
After breakfast, Mom pulled her chair to face mine. She sat down and scooted up closer, intertwining our legs. Her bare leg rubbed against mine under our robes when she leaned forward and stroked my arms. Her smooth, firm knees pressed along my hairy thighs sent electric shocks to my hardening cock.
"I have something important to discuss with you," Mom softly said while smiling. I stroked her arms in the same manner, relaxing both of us. Fortunately, my robe concealed my hard prick resulting from our close contact.
She stared at me as if she were trying to decide how to tell me what she had on her mind. I looked back into those brown eyes and immediately felt at ease.
"I had a long phone conversation with Sharon last night," she started.
My relaxed state dissipated, fearing what Sharon had told Mom.
"Sharon thinks she's pregnant," she divulged, still staring at me.
I could only imagine the panic-stricken look sweeping across my face. I hadn't used protection with Sharon. She pulled me tight each time when I flooded her cunt with cum. I had wrongly assumed she was on some kind of birth control.
"It's your baby, Sam," she continued.
Angst swept through me while my hands squeezed tightly on Mom's arms. What an idiot I had been, forgetting about protection. My mind raced with the implications of getting someone pregnant. Mom could see my discomfort and moved her hands to mine, pulling them away and holding them tight, smiling widely, amused at my predicament.
"Relax, it's okay. Sharon wanted to conceive. She told me how she seduced you and had tricked you into thinking she was protected," Mom quietly said, attempting to calm me. Moving her hands to my arms, she stroked up and down to ease the tension.
Taking a deep breath, I replied, "Wow, Mom. I had no idea. And you're okay with this? Does she want anything from me?"
"She wanted a baby, and her husband couldn't give her one," Mom explained. "She's elated and doesn't want anything from you. You know, it's not uncommon," she said, locking her eyes with mine.
"Not uncommon?"
Explaining further, she stated, "Yes. Wealthy women routinely find a young man to impregnate them when their husband can't or doesn't want to."
"Why don't they go to a fertility clinic and get inseminated," I asked, more relaxed from Mom's gentle caressing.
"They usually prefer the more discreet method. Most of the time, the husband won't allow it, afraid his colleagues might find out and think he is less of a man for it. Sharon asked me to have this talk with you to make sure you're okay. She hated not asking you in advance but feared you'd say no to her," she stated, looking for my reaction.
I smiled and said, "It's fine, Mom. I like Sharon, and I'm glad she's happy now. It was quite a workout last week, though."
"No details, Sam. A mother doesn't want to know those kinds of things," she laughed, breaking the tension.
She pulled back, and we went to change for another day of work in the garden. Aunt Rachel arrived mid-morning to help out. Several times Mom caught me staring at my aunt, bending over and displaying her ample cleavage. My face reddened, realizing I wasn't that sneaky, but Mom only smirked and continued to work. We ate at home, Rachel leaving right after.
After our showers, we relaxed on the couch, watching TV before retiring for the night. Mom draped her arm around me and stroked my upper arm again as she did in the morning. She moved my arm to do the same while we enjoyed the moment, massaging and bonding together. Her skin was smooth and soft. I could have remained there for the rest of the night. I gently squeezed her arm several times after she did it to me.
We were ready to call it a night when she looked over at me and said, "I enjoyed the time we spent together during the weekend. It was fun working and playing together again. I've missed your company more than I thought I would when you were at school."
I replied, "I always enjoy working in the garden with you and Aunt Rachel. It's going to be a bummer having to look for another job tomorrow." I secretly wondered if she had any more hot friends needing help.
As if she read my mind, Mom said, "Sharon told me some of her friends are jealous of her now," her eyes locked with mine. "You know, there is a way you can spend more time with me this summer and still earn money."
Observing my clueless look, she disclosed her plan. "Sharon says her friends would be willing to pay for the same service. It wouldn't take long, and you could spend more time here with Rachel and me."
Now it hit me. Mom wanted me to impregnate Sharon's friends. Trying to hide my excitement, I responded, "Gee, Mom, you want to pimp out your son? That doesn't sound legal."
Squeezing my arm harder, she replied. "Not pimping. It isn't sex. You'd be inseminating desperate women. We would provide a service they need; they're willing to pay well for it."
"Umm, Mom. You do realize sex is part of it, don't you? How about the legality of it? What if they want to come after me for child support or something?"
She explained the process in length. She assured me these women had no intention or desire to establish a relationship with me. They didn't even want to see my face during the process. It wouldn't be lovemaking; it would be a simple infusion of sperm. They required secrecy because they didn't want to involve anyone else. Sharon had a loyal attorney draw an agreement to protect both parties from further action. The women would be people we hadn't met to further cement anonymity.
The plan was well thought out. I wondered how long Mom and Sharon had been working on the details. It was hard to contain my excitement over my new summer job prospect. I replied, "Sure, Mom. I'll do it. Giving me more time to help around here will be nice."
"Great, Sam. I'm taking off work this week to spend more time together," she informed me, returning to the smooth-stroking on my upper arm.
*****
Sleep once again came easy, dreaming of my new summer job. Awakening early, I waited for Mom to show up for breakfast. She was late. I feared she'd sleep in since she took the week off. I was ready to return to my room when I heard her door open and close.
She kissed my neck and started the coffee machine. She wore a dark green and sleeveless nightie, which revealed a small strip of thigh meat while she glided around the kitchen. The other difference was that she didn't change, staying to prepare breakfast.
Once the food was ready, she served us and sat opposite me. Her new nightie had a thin gap in front which displayed a small amount of cleavage. I openly stared at the exposed flesh of the insides of her full breasts. She continued to eat as if nothing had changed. My prick was rock-hard through the meal. I barely heard her talk to me concerning the day's events.
"Sam! Did you hear me? I said I'm going to Sharon's for a while to work out the details," Mom said, breaking me out of my trance.
"Sorry, Mom. I was thinking about working in the yard," I lied.
As soon as we finished and I spotted her car going down the road, I was already stroking my prick, quickly cumming to the vision of my mother's sexy body. I worked in the garden, and Mom showed up several hours later. We ate and decided to go to the movies with Rachel in the afternoon. It was a pleasant day, but my thoughts centered on what she and Sharon had discussed today.
My aunt left for her house afterward, leaving Mom and me on the couch again.
Capturing my gaze, Mom said, "I met with a client at Sharon's and made arrangements for us to rendezvous tomorrow. Our client will show up here while you wait in your room. I won't introduce you to her. They don't want to be able to recognize you if they happen to see you later. I'll prepare her for the procedure. She'll be on my bed, covered with a sheet. Your job is to uncover her far enough to conduct your business. The client won't expose her face nor talk to you."
I nodded to acknowledge my instructions. Concerned whether I'd be able to get hard without any foreplay, I rebuked, "I don't know, Mom. No kissing, no talking, and slight touching. I don't know if I'll be able to perform with those restrictions."
Silent for a moment, thinking over what I said, she replied, "It might be a challenge. I'll let them know you may have to caress their legs to advance things, and you can talk to them if it helps. They won't respond to anything you say. They desire a successful outcome, so I'm sure they'll be tolerant for whatever it takes."
*****
Mom was once again clad in her green nightie while we ate breakfast. I went to my room to await the call for my services. I didn't change out of my robe, keeping my thoughts on anything but Mom. I didn't want to blow off a load prematurely. I heard a car pull up, and soon after, muffled voices drifted up from downstairs. Mom was preparing our client. Hearing a light knock on my door, I opened it to see Mom still clad in her nightie.
Seeing my surprised look, she explained, "Don't be alarmed, Sam. My style of dress makes for a more relaxed atmosphere for the clients."
I wasn't about to complain; I wouldn't mind if she wore it all day. She stroked my upper arms, holding me. I did the same, relishing in the texture of her smooth, soft skin. She asked, "Honey, we didn't talk about payment and how much you'd like after expenses."
"Mom, keep whatever you get," I replied. "You're putting me through college. You deserve it, and I don't need any money. You take care of everything as it is."
She smiled and pressed her thinly covered body to mine in a tight hug. I felt her braless tits squash my robe-covered chest while we stroked each other's arms. I quickly hardened and released her before it became too obvious. She smiled and told me to wait a few minutes before coming down. Apprehension swept through me while I anxiously waited to start my new summer job.
I nervously ventured downstairs to Mom's bedroom, closing the door behind me. I removed my robe, my prick already softening from the pressure of the situation. A silk sheet was attached to Mom's headboard, covering the woman's body to her feet.
Her breasts pushed up the sheet as well as her pelvic bones. I walked up close and moved the covering up, exposing her legs below her knees. They were a deep brown, not from her race, but from suntanning. This woman was a sun worshiper. Her legs were closed together, and her muscles tensed when I ran my hands up and down her lower legs.
Her skin felt tough, leathery, and dry from the damaging sun. Seeing her nervous state, I quietly spoke to her, attempting to ease her stress. I moved the sheet up further, stroking her upper legs and thighs. Her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was so uneasy that I was afraid we would have to cancel.
I was entirely soft as my mind raced to try to think of how to proceed to put this woman more at ease. Suddenly it hit me. She loved to bask in the sun and was probably proud of her tan.
While gently massaging her legs, I said, "Your legs are a beautiful shade of deep brown and really sexy." Feeling her muscles relax, I continued, "Imagine that you're tanning in the sun. You feel the warm sun rays hitting your skin." Her fingers relaxed while she escaped to her happy place.
While I stroked her thighs, I said, "Pretend that my hands are yours, spreading oil on your legs." It worked; her thoughts shifted to a more pleasant environment when she spread her legs apart a few more inches. Gently, I uncovered her pussy. A pillow was under her lower back, elevating her hips. I wasn't sure if this was part of the procedure to hold in my sperm or if it was to help me penetrate the woman without having to lie on top of her.
Her mound was smooth except for a landing patch above her slit. I could see a lighter tone of skin where she had worn a bikini bottom for much of the time she was in the sun. I slowly ran my fingers up and down her slit. Her legs were still too tight together to allow me to enter. My best chance would be to put her at ease in the setting she felt most comfortable.
"Your tan is unbelievable, perfectly toned and even," I told her, stroking her inner thighs. "Imagine you're soaking in the rays, relaxed and sexy."
Her body softened as she opened her thighs wider, allowing more access to her slit. She responded as I had hoped. Pressing on with the scene, I continued, "You must tan in your backyard, but you have to put on your bottoms when friends or a delivery man shows up."
Her hips excitedly moved while I proceeded with the fantasy. "I wish I was the lucky delivery man, coming in the yard and seeing a tanned, sexy, nude woman on display."
Moisture appeared on her slit, her fantasies overcoming her nervousness. "You need to be cautious when suntanning nude, not knowing when a friend or a family member will arrive unannounced."
Her body twitched when I said a family member. I was narrowing in on one of her hidden fantasies. "Your daughter might see you and get embarrassed seeing her nude mother. Or maybe even your son."
Her hips involuntarily bounced when I mentioned her son. I quickly formed a plan on how to proceed. I stroked her wet slit while she mulled over what I said. I hardened, knowing this woman was mentally fantasizing about her son.
"I can visualize how it might happen. One day you're tanning nude when you hear the phone ring in the house. You're slow to answer it, and the recorder is already on. You hear your son talking, and you're about to pick it up when you stop and let the answering machine take the call. He explains that he's getting off work and will be home earlier than normal. Thinking you're visiting friends, he tells you he's going to get some sun until you get back."
She opened her legs wider while I talked her through the incestuous fantasy. I alternated from stroking her thighs to caressing her engorged cunt lips. "You know why your son called. He lives at home, unable to afford his own place after graduation. He came home early once and caught you sunbathing nude. He yelled out in surprise, and when you looked up, he ran back inside. After you put your suit on, you went in to see him, carefully avoiding any discussion concerning the incident. His face was red, but more importantly, his pants bulged out. Your son's prick was rock-hard from looking at his beautiful, naked mother."
She moved her hands and cupped her ass cheeks, massaging them, raising her pelvic area to my exploring hands. She heated up with my fantasy. My manhood was at full attention, living out her mother-son seduction.
"You know what you should do as a good mother. Wearing your suit would be the proper course of action so you wouldn't embarrass him again. He doesn't think you're home, assuming you're out. Your excited, throbbing cunt overrides any sensible thoughts. You get up and move the lounge so your horny, motherly pussy will be on full display when he exits the door. Hearing his car pull in the drive, you position yourself and spread your legs to put on a show for your son. Your dark sunglasses prevent him from seeing you looking as if you're asleep."
Bringing her knees up, she spread her legs wide, opening her glistening groove as her fantasy unfolded. I massaged her pussy and the lightly tanned area surrounding her fiery hole. Her pale skin was much smoother and reminded me of Mom's arm when I stroked it.
Continuing with my story, I described, "You hear the patio door slide open and see him through your shades. He's wearing trunks and ready to sunbathe when he suddenly stops and stares at your nude body. He softly calls out your name, not loud enough to wake you but enough to see if you're sleeping. You remain silent. He advances closer, unable to take his eyes off your pussy. He pulls his trunks down, and you see your son's hard prick for the first time since he was a child. It's bigger than you imagined and rock-hard from staring at his mother's bare pussy."
She thrashed her hips while she visualized her aroused son standing before her. Her hands went to my back and stroked up and down. Inserting two fingers into her wet cunt, I slowly slithered them in and out of her leaking pussy.
"Your son slowly strokes his hard cock while staring at his mom's open gash. He cups his balls for a couple of strokes before proceeding back up to the head."
She moved her hands from my back to firmly wrap them around my prick. She followed the act I described her son was doing. She lightly squeezed my balls while pumping my slick shaft, twisting my fat, bulbous head on the upstroke. Both of us leaked love juices while we enacted our fantasy.
"You sense him move closer to the lounge. Your son's forbidden prick is dangerously close to your open pussy. He calls your name again, gaining confidence when you groan and moan, thinking you're dreaming. You murmur his name and hump your hips up as if you're fucking him in your sleep state. You hoarsely whisper your fantasy of how much you've yearned to have his hard prick jammed up your horny pussy."
Her hands left my prick and went to hold my sides. She gripped tightly, anticipating the moment her son fucked her. I closed the gap between us and ran my slippery, engorged head around the mouth of her pussy. She bucked up, capturing and pulling my prick into her hungry canal.
"Your son is hard as a rock now and couldn't pull out if he wanted to. He didn't want it to go this far, but mistakenly his prick entered his mother's sacred slot. Even though he thinks you're still asleep, he tells you he's sorry and asks for forgiveness. He's wanted to do this for a long time and can no longer deny himself. Proclaiming his love for you, he slides his hard cock into your horny pussy."
I fed my prick into her tight sheath. Her lubricated channel allowed me to push in until my balls hit her ass. I pulled back and plowed in again. She gasped for air under the sheet. I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, elevating our passions. She humped and gyrated her hips, fully immersed in her incestuous fantasy.
Squeezing my waist hard, she pulled me in tight on each downstroke. I had already exceeded Mom's restrictions but decided to push the limit. My hands crept under the sheet, approaching her breasts. It was time to change my role-playing technique to be more personal.
"Oh, Mom! Your pussy is hot and tight. I've dreamed of this for years. I have to hold your tits. They're magnificent; I love you more than you know," I choked out. I cupped her meaty mounds, massaging her full globes while my cock pounded her pussy. Her head turned side-to-side under the sheet while her moaning grew louder.
Too many times, I had fantasized I was fucking my mother with my girlfriends but was careful not to call out my Mother's name nor exclaim the lustful feelings I harbored for my mother. Able to fully enact my fantasy, I fucked her furiously because she was my mother in my mind.
I captured her blood-engorged nipples between my fingers, tweaking and pulling her sensitive buds. We were both excited about the enactment, unable to last much longer. Her pussy quivered, humping up each stroke to pull me in as deep as possible.
"Oh, Mommy. I'm going to cum. I'm ready to blow my load. I don't think I can hold out any longer. I don't know if you're on protection; maybe I should pull out and ...,"
She wouldn't allow me to finish my fake dialogue. She grabbed my asscheeks and pulled me in as tight as she could. I screamed, "Mommy, I'm cumming in you. I'm filling your pussy with my sperm."
Streams of cum shot out the end of my prick into her welcoming hole. She came violently on my second release. Our mutual orgasms intensified our passions while we fucked as mother and son. I kept my prick embedded in her clasping cunt for several minutes after we finished. When I finally softened, I pulled out. Reaching down, I stuffed my fingers into her hole, attempting to cram as much sperm into her as possible.
"That's a giant load of cum in you, Mom. I imagine my sperm are fighting over your eggs from our first incestuous fuck. I'm so lucky to have such a hot mother," I croaked, slowly pulling my fingers out. She closed her legs tight, trapping my fingers in her filled pussy. It was her silent approval.
Backing off, I pulled the sheet down to cover her. Slipping on my robe, I wondered whether this would be my last job since I disobeyed several of Mom's rules. After returning to my room, I jumped in the shower. I heard Mom's bedroom door click open and close while washing off the smell of sex.
While drying off, our client's car left. When I met Mom downstairs, she wore work clothes. She smiled and said, "Let's work on the garden. It's a beautiful day."
She didn't mention my performance while toiling in the soil, both of us pretending my mother hadn't just set me up to fuck a woman.
After dinner, she sat by me on the couch and wrapped her arm around me. I did the same, and we stroked each other's upper arms while watching a comedy. She broke the silence, asking, "How'd it go this morning? Do we need to modify any of the procedures?"
"It was nearly a disaster. It was more difficult than I thought to perform without any foreplay," I replied.
She showed her dismay, hugging me tightly in consolation.
After languishing in the hug for a minute, I continued, "Caressing her legs didn't help much. Her skin was tough and leathery from tanning long hours in the sun; not very sexy. I think she was nearly your age, but I bet she looks at least ten years older."
Mom exclaimed, "Wow! You're good at guessing ages. She is my age, and I noticed the sun's effect on her. It's a shame women don't realize the damage the sun can do. So you were able to proceed anyway?"
Squeezing and caressing her upper arm, I said, "Yea, I had to visualize smoother skin when I touched her."
My mom's hand squeezed mine, shrieking, "You thought of your mother when you were with her?"
"No, Mom. That would be weird, just the feel of your skin. It's so smooth and soft, and I had to do something, or I wouldn't have been able to proceed," I replied. She exhaled and released her hand from mine, allowing me to continue caressing her arm.
"I did put you up to this, and if it helped the process, I can't complain," she acquiesced.
"I hope she was happy with the results. I did the best I could," I cautioned, looking to Mom to gauge her reaction.
She replied, "I told her I didn't want any details, but she said that you performed well and stayed within our preset boundaries. She thought you were sweet, and your soothing conversation put her at ease. She was quite pleased; I believe our first case was a complete success."
Thankfully, she changed subjects as I was getting hard, reliving the time spent with our first client. I was glad the woman hadn't revealed the fantasy we enacted. Relaying too much information to Mom didn't seem like a great idea. I wondered if the woman had already fucked her son or even had one. If so, he might be in for quite a surprise.
*****
My aunt arrived around noon the next day to help us in the garden. Mom excused herself for an errand, leaving Rachel and me to finish work. It provided the perfect opportunity to leer at my aunt without the threat of Mom catching me. Mom was back in time for dinner. We ate, and Rachel left for home. Mom and I retired to our rooms early after a long day of work.
During breakfast, Mom wore a short, pink nightie. The entire lengths of her luscious thighs were bare. When she shifted, a flash of dark red panties peeked out. After we ate and cleaned up, Mom stopped next to me on her way to her bedroom. She turned to display a perfect view of the backs of her legs. She quietly asked, "Sam, could you do me a favor? Could you see if I have any cellulite on my legs? It happens to many women, and I want to know if there are any signs."
Before this, I had been stealing looks at her luscious legs. I couldn't believe my luck that she had permitted me to gawk at her shapely bare legs. Taking my time, I surveyed up and down her smooth, toned legs. Her nightie barely covered her panties, allowing me to see all of her creamy thighs. Rapidly breathing, I stuttered, "No sign of anything, Mom. Your legs are very smooth, fantastic looking, and incredibly sexy."
"Thank you, Sam. Although, I'm not sure you should be complimenting your mother's legs in that manner," she said with a smirk. "I'm just worried cellulite will ruin my appearance. I am getting near that awful age," she added, referring to her closing in on forty.
"Mom, there's nothing wrong with your legs, and even if there were, you're still a beautiful and sexy woman," I complimented her and blushed, surprised at my bold remark.
She turned to face me and smiled, seeing my flushed state. "Thanks, Sam. Let's get dressed and do some yard work."
We met in the garden and worked for a few hours. At three in the afternoon, I asked," Mom. Is Aunt Rachel coming over to help?"
She hesitated as if making up a story. Finally, she explained, "No, not today. I had to lie and tell her we were busy tonight. I scheduled an appointment with a new client. I met her yesterday and scheduled her for today at four. I hope it's okay with you."
Taken aback by her announcement, I hesitated, but not long enough for Mom to continue. I replied, "Sure, Mom; It's fine. I have to clean up first. I'll head in and wait for you in my room."
After my shower, it didn't take long before a car pulled up. I heard the door and muffled talking while they walked down the hall to Mom's room. Soon after, I heard a soft knock on my door. I let Mom in and immediately smiled, seeing her dressed in her short, pink nightie. She told me our client was ready and hugged me tightly. I pressed my face against her neck, breathing in her natural scent, which I'd come to love.
She held my hands with hers and guided them to the backs of her thighs above her knees. Leaning close to my ear, she whispered, "Sam, could you feel my legs to see if you can detect any cellulite? You said you couldn't see any, but maybe you can make sure."
It was an incredible moment. It was one thing to admire my mother's legs, quite another to caress them. My hands slowly ran up the backs of her smooth, firm flesh, relishing the feel. My cock hardened fully and uncomfortably lodged between us. When my fingers brushed against her panties, I moved back down. I explored her legs again, stopping to squeeze her succulent flesh when I neared her ass. Her hot breath washed over my neck when I groped her thighs. Moving up, I started to cup her ass when she grabbed my hands and pulled me away.
She smiled and said, "Careful honey, that's not my legs. Did you find anything unusual?"
I replied, "No, Mom. They're terrific. No sign of any cellulite. In fact, they're the best legs I've ever felt."
"Oh, stop it," she giggled.
She stepped back, signaling it was time for my services. When she turned to leave, I lustfully leered at the beautiful legs I had caressed minutes earlier. After a few moments, I proceeded down the stairs to take care of the next client.
As soon as I entered Mom's room, I dropped my robe. Approaching our covered client, I slowly moved the sheet up. I left her pussy covered while I stroked her legs, hoping to relax her in this uncomfortable setting. Her skin was smooth like Mom's, and she looked like she might be five years older.
I stroked her legs, and when I ran my hands up to the back of her thighs, I felt the dimples. It was cellulite, and I thought of when Mom asked me to look and feel her legs for the signs. It became clear that Mom was determined to help me through each client. I told her she had helped me on the first one, so she had taken it upon herself to assist me. She had interviewed the woman the previous day and noticed the cellulite.
I didn't dwell on her dimpled skin, not wanting to cause concern for the poor woman. She was probably already self-conscious, and I didn't want to add to her apprehension. After a few minutes of caressing and praising her legs, I felt her relax. I seized the moment and shoved the sheet above her waist, exposing her pussy.
No sign of hair to distract from her puffy, clean-shaven pussy. It was her best trait, and I think she knew it. I ran my fingers up and down her fat lips while complimenting her on her slick, smooth pussy. She spread her legs, relaxing while I played with her treasure. I inserted a couple of fingers into her hot hole and discovered it was steamy and wet. She massaged my fingers expertly with her tight sheath.
I pulled my fingers out, even as she attempted to hold them with her muscled pussy. I stroked her thighs again, thinking of the vision of Mom's displayed bare legs. That was enough to bring me fully hard. Crawling up closer, I scraped my prick along her thighs, making my way to my target. She spread her legs wide, giving me complete access to her hungry, oily cavern.
Pushing my engorged head through her outer lips, her pussy clamped down hard, pulling my shaft in without my help. Her sucking snatch devoured my prick, pulling me to the bottom. I fucked her steady for several minutes, reveling in her experience of cock handling. Her pussy walls contracted at different times of my strokes, enabling her to rub my hard prick against her sensitive spots. Her hips moved in sync with her pussy as she took over the direction of the fucking.
I held onto her waist, squeezing her firm skin, holding on tight while she thrashed beneath me. Her skin reminded me of Mom's, and my mind flashed to the times I had stroked Mom's arms. My prick was hard as steel, getting a workout it had rarely experienced. Sensing I was nearing my climax, I shoved it in deep and held it there, letting it soak in an attempt to prolong my orgasm. Her pussy massaged my prick, and it felt like her hand was stroking me.
I paused my pumping, enjoying the moment. Images of my Mom's legs flashed before me. My fingers roamed across the waist of the woman fucking me while I relived the moment I caressed Mom's legs. Harder contractions on my prick brought me back from my fantasy. To my surprise, sperm gushed from my stem.
It was a first for me, cumming without stroking. I pulled back and shoved in hard, shooting the last of my load deep into the client's spasming cunt. Her pulsating walls milked out every drop of virile sperm from my balls. After I had spilled my entire load and was embedded deep in her pussy, she continued to massage my prick.
I softened, pulled out, and stopped to look at her beautiful gash one final time before covering her with the sheet. Leaving the room exhausted, I headed upstairs. I plopped down on my bed after taking a shower. I rested and nearly fell asleep when I heard her car leave.
The smell of cooking brought me downstairs, where I found Mom preparing dinner. We ate, and afterward, when we settled on the couch, she brought up the subject of my performance. "Sam, our latest client praised you as much as our first one. Excellent job!"
I was surprised as I felt I didn't do much to excite her. Maybe that was what turned the woman on, controlling the coupling.
With a concerned look, she asked, "Sam, did you have any problems this time?"
"No problems, Mom. Thanks to you, the cellulite didn't bother me," I assured her.
She blushed, smiled, and said, "Glad to help, honey. I wanted to make it easier for you."
Switching topics, we talked while watching TV for an hour when Mom turned and locked eyes with me.
"Sam, I hope you don't mind, but I made another appointment tomorrow morning at ten."
Trying to contain my excitement, I replied, "No problem, then we can do some things in the afternoon and go out for dinner. I guess you and Sharon must have interviewed more than one client yesterday."
"At least two," she confirmed, leaving for her bedroom. I wondered how many more she had lined up for me.
*****
Neither of us said much at breakfast. Mom wore a white nightie I'd never seen before. The material was opaque, and I could tell she had on a bra. It was longer than her other selections, going below her knees. It dawned on me that Mom had worn different negligees for each client. Did color have anything to do with it? Suddenly it hit me; it was the style, not color. The green one exposed her arms so I could stroke her smooth skin. The pink one was short, allowing me to feel her thighs. What did this white one signify? I wouldn't know the reason until she retrieved me for our guest. It was after nine when I excused myself to wait in my room.
I was lost in thought and didn't hear a car or any sounds from downstairs until soft knocking brought me out of my daydreaming. Mom knocked and entered, hugging me tight, nestling her mouth on my neck. Mom's scented hair and the pressure of her body against mine convinced my prick to rise to the occasion. She pulled back, leaving us face-to-face, and whispered, "Good luck, Sam."
She pressed her lips against mine and kissed me, keeping her mouth closed. Air rushed in and out of her nostrils. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue across my lips. Ready to stick my tongue out to meet hers, she pulled back, smiling. Was that lust in her eyes, or was it teasing?
After she left, I made my journey to our next client. Still hard from Mom's kiss, I gave myself a quick stroke while surveying the sheet-covered woman on Mom's bed. I could tell she was younger from the perky breasts pushing up the fabric, showing no sign of sagging. I moved the covering up to her knees, revealing her lower legs.
They were smooth looking and milky-white. I don't think the sun's rays had ever touched her legs, and when I caressed her, goosebumps appeared. The poor woman was nervous and would require some patience on my part. I lightly stroked up and down her lower legs, quietly talking to her. "Your skin is lovely. We'll go as slow as you want. I'll do whatever it takes to make our time together enjoyable." She relaxed while I continued to caress her smooth and sexy legs.
When it looked like she was comfortable, I pushed the sheet up to reveal her upper legs. I didn't want to go too fast, leaving her pussy hidden beneath the sheet. White, luscious thighs appeared before me. Perhaps the best-looking legs I've seen, other than my mother's. I sensuously stroked her thighs while keeping up with my quiet dialogue about her beauty. She opened her legs several inches.
Her white skin exalted purity. My arousal increased when I ran my hands up and down her smooth white thighs. Sun had never seen her skin as well as any other person in public, as it was evident she had fully covered herself. It was a special connection between us, and it excited me, knowing I was the only one to witness her hidden beauty. Snow White came to mind, and I made a mental note to refer to her like that in the future.
Leaning down, I kissed one of her luscious thighs, allowing my lips to linger against her soft skin. I inhaled her intoxicating natural scent and was glad she hadn't put on any perfume.
Opening my mouth, I sucked in a mouthful of delicious thigh meat. Unlike the other clients, thoughts of Mom didn't materialize while I continued to relish in her beauty. I heard a muffled groan from under the sheet when I munched on her thigh, her legs opening wider. While I paid homage to one leg, I massaged the other with my roaming hand. Pulling myself off her thigh was hard, but I was anxious to continue. I pushed the sheet up above her waist revealing a full, black, hairy bush.
It was a striking contrast to her lily white skin. Trimmed into a perfect triangle and uniform height, I could tell she had spent time grooming her mound. I ran my fingers through her silky forest and said, "Your pussy is beautiful. The deep, rich color of your hair against your smooth, white skin turns me on." My fingers gripped a tuft of fur on both sides of her slit and teasingly pulled up, opening her moist slit.
Running my fingers up and down her aroused pussy lips resulted in more groans of pleasure. When I inserted two fingers into her slot, she brought her knees up and spread her legs wide, allowing full access. Her excitement grew while I finger fucked her at an increasing rate. Using my other hand to spread her puffy lips, I exposed her meaty pussy while furiously finger fucking her. She was ready for a hot prick, but I hesitated. This woman was too sexy and beautiful to pass up, and I intended to enjoy this session thoroughly.
She panted, and her breasts heaved while I watched her taut nipples pushing up the sheet. When I lowered my mouth to engulf her clit, I drove two more fingers into her hot, wet cunt. Her hips rose when she climaxed. Shifting my mouth down to capture her copious cum flowing out, I removed my fingers, locking my mouth on her convulsing pussy. She came several times and then lowered her hips afterward to relax. I eased off and gently stroked her thighs, reassuring her as she recovered.
Her smooth, white belly beckoned to my lustful eyes. I ran my hands around her midriff, shoving the sheet above her perky tits. Dark-brown nipples capped her milky-white mounds. Cupping and squeezing her spongy breasts brought life back to her spent body.
When I twisted and squeezed her engorged nipples, more moans escaped from my covered Snow White. I lowered my body to her soft flesh to feast on an engorged teat. While I sucked her nub, her hands grasped the back of my head and pulled me tight against her firm breasts. One of her hands stroked my back while I sucked on one and then her other tit.
My arousal was sky-high, and I feared I might spill my load before entering her. Keeping my mouth locked on her breast, I pressed my prick into her juicy, open cunt. Her hips shifted to accept the stiff prick she craved. I shoved my fat head through her entrance, slowly entering her wet pussy. Her tight walls stretched while I descended. I slowed my pace, allowing her to adjust to my size. Her hand lowered from my back to my ass, pulling and coaxing me to fuck her hard. I pistoned in and out of her tight pussy in short strokes, not wanting to hurt her by sinking to the bottom.
Her pussy flooded, and her pussy juices coated my prick when her walls relaxed and gave way to my steel-hard intruder. Sinking to the bottom of her hungry pussy brought out a groan while she expelled the air from her lungs. I fucked her hard and fast, still feasting on her sensitive tits. Wrapping her legs around my waist and squeezing hard, she humped up each stroke, maximizing my depth. My spongy head flattened out when it collided against her back wall, causing her to groan and moan in pleasure.
Her pussy clamped down on my prick with her intense climax. I came on her second contraction, filling her cavern with streams of hot cum. After my balls drained, I still humped her, unwilling to allow the fuck to end. Lowering her hips to the bed, she unwrapped her legs and relaxed completely. I released her nipple, resting my head on her chest. Her deep breathing soothed me while we recovered from our intense coupling.
Mom kissing me was from the fact this woman showed no skin. Mom had no way of spotting any problems. That's why she wore the white nightie, which revealed very little of her body. Guessing our client's age to be mid-twenties, I was surprised she couldn't find a husband to bear children. She was a passionate and sexy woman. A facial disfigurement would explain a lot, or maybe she didn't want a complicated relationship. Mom and Rachel held the same view, which I suspected might not be rare.
I reluctantly pulled away, pausing for several minutes to admire her. I leaned down, kissed her nipples, and croaked, "Thank you for making love with me. I've never been with such a beautiful or sexy woman. You're unbelievable, and I've enjoyed every second I've spent with you."
I inwardly chuckled at how easy it was to expose my feelings to a woman that couldn't talk back with their face covered. I wished it was that simple to tell Mom my true feelings. Reluctantly, I rose and left for my room.
After showering and resting for an hour, I dressed and went downstairs, where Mom was preparing lunch. Mom didn't wait until evening to question me on my encounter, asking, "How'd it go this morning? You were in there longer than normal. Did you have any problems?"
"No, everything went fine. Thanks for asking. Other than being younger than our previous clients, I thought it went well," I commented while waiting for any expression from her that might give me a clue.
"It was hard to tell her age because of her perfect complexion, but I'd say she was in her twenties. She was pleased with our arrangement and even gave us a hefty bonus. She didn't provide a reason. Do you know why?"
I could see, from her questioning look, she wanted more information. I decided against telling her that maybe it was because our fuck was intense, and I made her cum twice before filling her. "No idea. Maybe she liked that we were discreet and protective of her privacy."
Her eyes were deep in thought, probably mulling over the fact the woman had been completely covered, showing little of her body. Her expression switched into understanding when she echoed, "Yes, you're right. She was a secretive young lady."
Satisfied with our discussion, she changed topics while we finished lunch. She informed me Rachel was coming over later to go with us to see a short film at the theater and then out to eat. I had fully recovered by the time Rachel showed up, and I had the age-old problem of shifting my prick to avoid detection. After dinner, my aunt headed home. Shortly after, I excused myself to retire to my room. I was exhausted from the full day of activities. While I climbed the stairs, Mom said, "Rest up, Sam. We have two appointments tomorrow."
I turned to reply, unsure of how to ask her how far apart my sessions would be when she spoke to ease my anxiety. "Don't worry, Sam. One is for ten tomorrow morning, and the other can't make it until eight at night. Plenty of time for you to recover."
Seeing my look of relief, she smiled and left. I wondered how many women she and Sharon had interviewed. I didn't complain, enjoying the best summer job ever. Sleep was good that night as I relived the time spent with Snow White. That was the first instance I hadn't thought of Mom when I climaxed. I thought maybe I was getting over my infatuation with my sexy mother.
*****
Those thoughts quickly dissipated, my prick staying hard through breakfast. Mom paraded around cloaked in another new nightie. Black in color, her hemline ended at mid-thigh. It was a heavier material, but I could tell she was braless, her nipples pushing out the top. I tried to figure out the significance of her attire. Her tits sticking out was the most obvious sign. She usually gave more of a clue when she fetched me for our client; I'd have to wait.
After I helped clean the kitchen, I retreated to my room to wait for our next client. I left my door ajar, allowing Mom to enter without knocking first. I sat on the edge of my bed, thinking about my time with Snow White. My prick rose out of the gap in my robe, exposing my fat, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed from the slit. I firmly gripped my bulbous head and twisted it like I was opening a doorknob, coating it with my juices. I released it, and the cool air felt good, attempting to dry my wet tip.
Lost in thought, I didn't hear Mom come up the stairs or enter my room. Jolted back to reality from Mom's voice, I heard her say, "Sweetie, I have another concern ..."
She stopped suddenly, staring at my hard prick proudly standing straight up out of my robe. The large helmeted head was filled with blood and still shiny with my slick juices. I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. I should have been more careful."
Still staring at my large, wet head, she murmured, "It's been a long time since I've seen that. I didn't realize it was so b..." She abruptly stopped, realizing she was commenting on her son's big prick.
Seeing her face turn red and flustered, I frantically searched for a way to help her. I blurted out the first thing I could think of that started with a 'B' and exclaimed, "Beautiful? You did have something to do with its creation, so of course, you'd think that." I smiled, trying to ease the tension while closing my robe to hide my erection.
In her uneasiness, she had folded her arms across her stomach, causing her nightie to pull tighter against her body. Her taut, engorged nipples pressed against the thin material. Her pointy teats held my attention while she strolled over to me for our ritual hug. Standing up, I hugged her tightly. She pressed close to me, attempting to make contact with the hard cock she had seen.
Bathing my ear with her hot breath, Mom whispered, "I'm afraid as I get older that I'm getting a lot less sexy. I'd like your opinion on another one of my concerns."
She guided my hands to the backs of her thighs under her nightie. She moved our joined hands upward, and when they landed on her bare cheeks, she asked, "Honey, do you think I'm losing my ass? I know older women tend to get a flat ass. I'm worried that I'm heading in that direction."
She released her hands while I cupped and gently squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I couldn't believe my luck; my hands held Mom's firm buns. My fingers spread out, dipping into the deep crevice between her cheeks, squeezing while advancing.
Mom's soft breasts filled and pressed into me when she sucked in a deep breath of air. My hard prick, trapped between our bodies, throbbed in agreement with my delight. Knowing her pussy was inches away, I contemplated exploring further, seeking her prize. As quick as the thought entered, Mom removed my hands off her buns, asking, "What do you think? Am I too far gone?".
"Mom, you have no worries. You have a perfect ass, if I may be so blunt," I huskily assured her.
She pulled back, hesitating while digesting my comment. She turned to leave and whispered, "Thanks, Sam. Good luck on today's client."
What was the help she was demonstrating this time? Full tits squashed against me or something related to her firm ass? My mind remained on Mom's bottom while I uncovered our latest client. I decided to push the sheet up in one motion today, revealing her legs and pussy at once. She had a thin, petite form and was near my aunt's age. A narrow patch of blonde hair was above her slit. Caressing her thighs and skinny waist relaxed her enough to open her legs, revealing an already wet slit. Her pelvic area was small, and I wondered how a baby would be able to emerge.
Full rounded breasts pushed the sheet up, maintaining their perfect shape. The client's perfect tits didn't match the rest of her body, drawing me to conclude this was someone's trophy wife. Natural blonde, artificially endowed boobs, and a skinny body type were the perfect attributes for an older businessman to brag to his buddies. Her proud tits reminded me of when Mom pressed her breasts into me. That must have been her hint. Maybe Mom thought augmented breasts would gross me out.
I would be happy to help the old bastard impregnate his young wife. Complimenting her skinny body is what this lady would love to hear. "I love your shapely legs and fit body. It looks like I'm the lucky recipient of experiencing how blondes have more fun."
It was enough; she fully opened her legs, revealing her tiny pussy.
Unsure if I could fuck this girl without causing her great pain, I decided to lengthen my foreplay. I ran my fingers up and down her slit while caressing her thin thighs and exposed midriff, telling her the entire time how sexy she looked. She squirmed, and her pussy was noticeably wetter when I inserted a finger into her tight canal. I finger fucked her and inserted more fingers when she loosened up. I moved closer to her wide-open legs and rubbed my wet head around the mouth of her pussy.
She humped up, attempting to lodge my prick in her cunt. I managed to pop the head beyond her lips, barely fitting in her tight vice-like sheath. Her hot pussy squeezed so tightly that it was on the verge of being painful for me. She acted as if it didn't bother her, probably used to a tight fuck. I short stroked her pussy, inching forward slowly, stretching her hole to accommodate my fat, stiff cock. Her pussy gushed juice, coating my invading prick, enabling me to advance to the bottom of her slot. Her hands stroked my back, pulling me in, encouraging me to fuck her faster.
Her tiny cunt transformed into a greedy, slick pussy, able to take the pounding my iron-hard shaft gave her. I fucked her hard while she kept coating my cock with her juices. She locked her legs around my back and humped to meet my thrusts.
I lowered my hands to her ass to get better leverage to pound her pussy when I discovered she had none. She was so skinny that fat tissue hadn't been able to accumulate. Understanding swept over me when I remembered Mom asking me to check out her ass. It was Mom's way of helping her son achieve success.
Before my prick softened from discovering her disappointing backside, I grabbed her hips and pounded in and out of this young trophy wife. I was on the verge of orgasm, and it appeared this girl wasn't close. Her breasts heaving up and down under the sheet caught my attention. She had to be proud of her prized tits. I moved my hands up under the sheet and cupped her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect, so big and firm. I love squeezing them," I croaked. The young trophy wife gyrated her hips, bouncing up and down while I fucked her. I couldn't tell if she was nearing orgasm when it hit me. Maybe there was another reason she married an older man.
I tweaked her taut, hard nipples while mauling her fake tits. The tight texture of her breasts was much like Mom's ass, and my mind went back to when I was groping Mom. Gambling, I said, "Cum for Daddy, sweetie."
Her body violently thrashed when I correctly identified her fantasy. I knew it would be much easier at that point. Thrusting hard and deep, I chanted, "I'm going to fill my girl's pussy full of sperm. You're having my baby. Cum on your Daddy's big prick, honey. Push us over the edge!"
She screamed with joy while her pussy clamped onto my erupting cock. Gooey globs of cum filled her receptive, pulsating pussy. Loud squishing noises filled the room while cum squirted out of her small cavity.
Slowing my pace, I continued to stroke to the bottom, hoping to push my virile sperm to the back of her pussy, closer to her cervix. When I softened, I stopped stroking and allowed my prick to soak in her flooded pussy. She unwrapped her legs and lowered them to the bed. Her tits rapidly heaved from the intense joining.
After I covered her tiny body, I whispered, "Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful body with me. Don't ever give up on your fantasies."
I left and met Mom in the hallway near the stairs. She smiled while shuffling by me to wrap matters up with our latest client. I didn't bother to shower since we would be working in the garden. I changed into my work clothes, making it to the backyard before Mom escorted our guest to her car. I worked on a bed hidden from the back windows to remain undetected.
Mom showed up later, and we worked together for several hours. She informed me the client was satisfied this morning and liked my style. I wasn't surprised and knew that discovering the woman's father-daughter fantasy tipped the scales.
Seeing my distant look, Mom asked, "You look concerned. Did you have any problems?"
"No problem at all. One thing though, a trophy wife won't have any problem with payment.."
Her questioning look prompted me to add, "Young, petite blonde with augmented breasts. It was pretty obvious."
She asked, "How do you know she was blonde? Did you uncover her head?"
Unsure of how to explain this to Mom, I gave her a 'duh' stare and bleated, "Damn, Mom. Hair grows in other places besides the head." It was entertaining to watch her expression while she processed the information. Her face turned beet-red when she visualized her son ogling a woman's pussy.
Changing the subject for her, I said, "There is one thing that could have been a problem, but you took care of it beforehand."
"What was that, Sam?" She was more than eager to change the conversation.
"Her ass, Mom. She had none. Thanks for taking notice and warning me."
Blushing again, she quietly quavered, "Thank you, dear. I do try to notice potential problems during my interviews. It may seem that I don't act motherly at times, but I'm trying my best to help you succeed."
Mom was uncomfortable with our conversation and quickly changed the topic to our schedule. "Take your shower," she ordered. "We're going out for dinner before our evening appointment." We cleaned up, dressed, and enjoyed each other's company at an upscale restaurant. I was fully recovered and hard through the meal, staring at my sexy mother.
Upon arriving home, I went to my room, stripped, and slipped on my robe. Leaving the door open again, I pondered whether to give Mom another display of my prick. I recalled the signals she sent out with each client and wondered what outfit or hint she'd provide. Too much longer at this job, and she'd end up with a large selection of nighties.
I thought,"Did she use the nightwear strictly for helping me with the women, or was she flirting with me? Should I confide in her and expose my feelings?"
She might have no desire for me, just motherly love. If she shared the same incestuous cravings, she would have acted on it when she came into my room with my prick sticking out of my robe. I still loved her and could deal with a non-physical relationship, but her sexy body would still provide me with fantasies. Deep in thought, I missed the sound of our client's car when I heard Mom climbing the steps.
"Sam, are you ready?" Mom asked, remaining outside my room, avoiding another embarrassing situation.
"Yes, Mom. Ready as I can be," I answered, rising from my bed. Mom entered and hugged me. She wore her blue nightie, the first one I saw her in. That threw me for a loop.
I wondered, "Did she run out of styles and have to resort to repeats? Did she know it was my favorite?"
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Unfortunately, it appeared there would be no leg or ass groping. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her while I stroked her back.
She released me, placing her hands on the side of my head to lock my eyes with hers. She pulled me tight to her moist lips, maintaining eye contact while we kissed. She opened her mouth wide enough to slide her tongue across my lips.
My tongue darted through my lips, meeting hers. Her eyes screamed lust, far beyond the motherly love kind. Our breathing rapidly increased when we kissed like no mother and son should. Regrettably, she pulled back and cooed, "Good luck. Enjoy yourself."
My gaze remained on the backs of her beautiful legs while she walked out the door. She kissed me before the session with Snow White. My prick jumped up, reminiscing the time we had spent together. Would this client be similar? Catching myself wasting precious time daydreaming, I snapped back to reality and made my way to Mom's room to meet the next client.
Her stiff nipples, pushing up the silky fabric, looked promising. Maybe this lady wouldn't be as uncomfortable as the others. I moved the sheet up to her knees and began caressing her lower legs. I guessed that the woman was in her mid-thirties and had kept in good shape. No signs of uneasiness while I stroked her hot legs. I moved my hands up under the sheet feeling her knees and upper legs. They were firm and smooth, and my hands explored every inch. I pushed the sheet up to below her pussy to admire her legs.
They were as beautiful to look at as they were to touch. I immediately recognized the shapely legs as Mom's. My mother was the woman hidden under the sheet. My prick expanded to maximum hardness. Was she testing me to ascertain whether my technique was adequate for her clients? Did she wear her blue nightie so I'd have a hint it was her? We never discussed her system of nightwear. Maybe she self-consciously wore it without realizing the significance. I wondered if she'd let me proceed partway before stopping me. Either way didn't bother me; I was going to enjoy as much of her succulent body as possible.
I began my usual routine, complimenting my client. "Your legs and thighs are some of the best I've seen. They're beautiful and so sexy." My hands advanced from her lower legs to her thighs, squeezing and caressing her meaty thighs. I wrapped my hands around them, achieving more skin contact.
She moaned from my soothing massage. I leaned down to kiss her nearest thigh while stroking her other. Her familiar scent hit me before a gush of pussy musk filled my nostrils. It elevated my lust to levels I hadn't felt before.
Releasing my mouth from her succulent thighs, I shifted upward and admired the sight of my mom's exposed flesh below her covered pussy. Moving my hands to the outside of her thighs, I gripped the sheet in both hands. My heart raced while I anticipated the first time I would look at Mom's pussy. Hearing her inhale sharply, I watched Mom's perky breasts pushing the sheet up and down. She knew her son was ready to unveil her motherly treasure and was as nervous as me. My hands slithered up the outside of her body, pushing the thin fabric up.
When I reached the middle of her flat stomach, blood flowed to my already hard prick when my mother's hairy pussy was exposed. Mom's breath was raspy and quick, realizing her son was staring at her pussy for the first time. She had trimmed the sides, leaving the middle patch intact. My gaze focused on her untamed and bushy mound. Her fat, blood-filled pussy lips were tucked in the middle of her forest of brunette fur. I ran my fingers up and down both sides of her pussy, mashing her lips together, then spreading them out, displaying a wet canal. She moaned under the sheet while I played with her pussy, my place of origin.
"Jesus, this is the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," I murmured. "Your hairy mound turns me on."
If, in fact, Mom was testing me, she would soon stop the process. I decided to show her how I treat our 'special' clients and see how serious she was to continue her charade.
"Someone as sexy and beautiful as you will receive our premium treatment. Your pussy requires much more attention than the other clients." She moaned, and her muscles tensed when she heard her son praising her motherly treasure.
Spreading her pussy apart, I lowered my mouth to her steaming snatch. When I licked up and down her sensitive pussy lips, she gasped and groaned with pleasure. My rough tongue explored higher until it found her clit. Another moan emanated from under the sheet while I mauled her sensitive nub. Her hands clenched tight but remained at her sides while I feasted on her horny pussy. I had to admit that she demonstrated a large amount of resilience to restrain herself while I pleasured her. My tongue darted into her hot canal, intensifying my attack.
Unable to contain herself, her hands flew to the back of my head, not to push me away but to pull me in harder. While my rough tongue explored her sensitive cunt walls, she grunted loudly, finally receiving the attention she had long desired from her son.
Raising her knees and capturing my head between her thighs, she squeezed tight, pulling my mouth to her starved pussy. Her body stiffened each time my tongue scraped along her sensitive walls. My face was soaked from her leaking pussy cream while she enjoyed the face-fuck from her son. Bringing her near orgasm several times, I'd ease up to let her recover. After ten minutes of teasing, I decided to escalate her to a climax.
Moving my mouth to the top of her pussy, I moved the hood of her sensitive nub to the side and captured her engorged clit. While I squeezed and rolled her most sensitive piece of flesh, I shoved three fingers deep into her hole. Her hips humped while her body tensed and shook from her long-awaited cataclysmic release. After a long guttural moan, juices erupted from her slot when she climaxed. I sucked her sweet nectar from her convulsing cunt. She humped several times into my sucking mouth while I maintained close contact.
Mom's arms and legs fell to the bed, exhausted from her incestuous climax. I pulled back to admire the prize I'd lusted after. Moving her hands up, she pulled a pillow over the top of her sheet-covered face. She must have been afraid I'd know it was her, anticipating a screaming episode when I finally entered her.
I thought, "Didn't she know I recognized her?"
She kept her face hidden, pretending to be a client. Maybe it was how she wanted the seduction to proceed, or she thought I'd finish and leave without realizing it was her. Not wanting to spoil her planned seduction, I didn't reveal that I knew she was my mother.
I caressed her thighs while she recovered from her orgasm. When I inched near her body, my hard prick bumped against her leg, leaving a trail of precum slime. The touch of my shaft on her smooth thigh resulted in a long groan, muffled by the pillow. I massaged her mound, running my fingers through her forest of soft fur.
"Your pussy is perfect. It's such a turn-on for me because your pussy is how I've fantasized my mother's would look. I love her and have wanted to stroke her pussy more than anything."
She still didn't talk but moaned and moved her hips around while I played with her hairy mound. Shifting lower, I stroked and caressed the smooth skin at the top of her legs. "And your thighs are so firm and smooth. They remind me of my mother's legs. She allowed me to touch them once. It was exciting, being able to stroke the legs of the woman I love."
I wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting them while massaging them. I spread her out wide, opening her juicy, hungry cunt. Her breasts heaved up and down under the sheet while her breathing rate increased. Her excitement grew, upon hearing her son's soothing talk. Her fingers gripped the sheets, her muscles tensing in anticipation of our incestuous liaison.
Sliding up her body, I rested my balls on top of her slimy slit and nestled my shaft on top of her soft mound. I shoved the sheet below her breasts, revealing her smooth midriff and rib cage. Caressing her hot skin, I squeezed chunks of flesh, marveling at her sexy body.
"Normally, I'm not allowed to expose your breasts, but you have me more excited than normal. I'm fantasizing you're my mom, and I've wanted to see and squeeze her breasts for a long time," I hoarsely croaked while moving the sheet up to her neck, exposing her glorious globes. They were bigger than I had imagined and topped with hard, pink nipples.
I cupped her succulent mounds, kneading and massaging them. Her breathing increased while I mauled her firm breasts. A gasp of air was released when I captured her nipples with my fingers and lightly twisted them. She humped her hips up, attempting to capture her son's cock. She wasn't playing any games now; she wanted to fuck her son.
It was a pivotal moment in our lives. To ensure Mom was willing to shed all of her inhibitions, I taunted her, "You are one horny lady, aren't you? This pussy deserves a fat cock shoved up it. I'm going to fuck you as if you were my mother."
She screeched through the pillow and widened her legs.
"Don't worry, sexy lady. I'll fuck you until your pussy gets the satisfaction it desires. And then I'll deposit a large load of sperm deep into your pussy." Delirious with excitement, I looked down to see my prick within an inch of its target. I used one hand to guide my fat head to her pussy and swished it around the mouth of her slot, smearing her slick fluids on my blood-engorged knob.
Knowing I would remember this moment forever, I didn't immediately enter her, swirling my tip around the thick lips surrounding her gaping gash. We breathed rapidly and shallowly while I prepared to return to my birth canal two decades later. I shoved until the flared bottom of my head went past her outer lips, nestled in a hot, wet oven of flesh. Her pussy contracted with a mini-orgasm while she screamed into the pillow, coating my head with slick cum.
I pulled out to admire my shiny, beet-red prick, anxious to get back into her warm interior. I pushed in further the next time, slowly parting the folds of her long unused channel. Repeating the shallow fucking, I stretched her pussy while she bathed my cock with oily cum from her mini-orgasms.
Her pelvis humped up and down, trying to swallow more of her son's hard prick. While my cock slid deeper into her tight sheath, I teased her nipples. Her velvety pussy walls surrounded my rock-hard cock while I slowly descended. Her juices copiously flowed, covering my shaft, enabling it to easily slice through her clasping cunt. My eyes locked onto my prick, sliding into my mother's pussy for the first time.
Hitting bottom, our pubic hairs meshed together, causing us to groan in unison. I remained fully embedded and whispered, "This is how I envisioned it would look if I ever fucked my mother. It feels so good. My mom gave birth to me and gifted me with a prick that would fill her pussy completely."
She was beyond groaning, more like gurgling. Her hips and thighs moved around, signaling her desire for a good, solid fuck from her son. I pulled back and slammed in hard, then again. Mesmerized by my hammering cock sliding in and out of my mother elevated my excitement level. Our freely flowing sex juices saturated our pubic hair. My prick was slathered with a white, frothy mixture of sex juices enabling it to slide effortlessly to the bottom of my mother's cunt.
Hypnotized by the erotic sight of my slick shaft stroking in and out of Mom's hot pussy, I fucked the love of my life harder than I had ever fucked anyone. Our pubic hair matched in color and mashed together on my forceful down strokes.
We neared our first mother-son climax. Mom's face remained hidden under the sheet while she clung to her fantasy of incest, her way of dealing with our sinful copulation. I lowered down and merged our sweaty bodies. Her hands wrapped around my back, hugging me tightly. Unlike our hugs in the past, there was no silk nightie separating us. Our hot, naked flesh melded together, and my excitement was at an all-time high, knowing this was my mother. My hands traveled up her back, landing on her shoulders.
Pulling me tight to her hot body, she wrapped her legs around me, attempting to fill her hungry snatch with more of her son's cock. Her pussy shivered with micro-orgasms while we fucked like rutting animals. Her hard nipples drilled into my chest. The only sounds louder than our gasping were the sloshing noises of our incestuous coupling.
Using her shoulders to pull her into me, I plunged my steel rod into her hungry pussy, smashing my spongy head against her back wall, causing my mother to gasp and groan on each stroke. I slowed my pace and allowed our excitement levels to decrease. With her hands on my back, I took the opportunity to remove the pillow from her head. She enjoyed our joining so much that she didn't even notice that only the sheet separated us now.
Moving my hands down her back, I gripped her ass cheeks, using them to increase the penetration depth of my hard drill. I fucked her hard when I leaned close to her sheet-covered head to compliment her. "You have a beautiful ass. It reminds me of my mother. She let me hold it, and I have never been so hard. I dream of fucking my mother every day. I love her but have been afraid to tell her."
She had a hard time breathing, gulping air with each stroke. Her fingernails lodged deep in my back, holding me tight. I was ready to cum, and I knew how I wanted our first mating to finish. I moved one hand to the sheet and exclaimed, "I'm ready to cum now. My balls will fill your hot pussy full of sperm like I've dreamed of doing to my mother. My fantasy fucking with my mother includes kissing her luscious mouth while I fill her with hot sperm."
I pushed the sheet up, revealing her beautiful face. Her eyes clenched shut, unaware that her face was visible, her wide-open mouth gasping for air. I lowered and kissed her moist, full lips. Our tongues battled and fought, our lust consuming us. Mom sensed my prick expanding, causing her to pull off my mouth and shriek from the intense pleasure.
I wailed, "I've wanted you for so long. Your pussy is hot and tight. I'm going to fill my mother's pussy with cum."
Mom spoke for the first time screaming, "Yes, honey! I love you! Fuck me hard and fill your horny mother full!"
We locked our mouths together while the first glob of sperm shot up the length of my prick. When it splattered Mom's insides, her walls slammed tight around my hard cock.
Her body shook while she screamed into my mouth as her body released her reservoir of endorphin, firing off her pleasure centers. I slammed in again, depositing another load of sperm in her pussy. Every muscle in her body contracted when she climaxed again, experiencing the long-anticipated fuck. Her body convulsed in pleasure while her eyes rolled back in her head, air gushing from her lungs.
I concentrated on pumping my cock in deeply through her orgasm. Suddenly, her body went limp, and her contractions stopped while I unloaded my payload of sperm. After several more strokes, I collapsed on Mom, exhausted from our first incestuous coupling.
Recovering from my sexual bliss, I noticed no movement from Mom. I rose on my elbows to look at her face and observed no signs of life. Waves of panic set in while I thought of what to do. The woman I loved was lifeless beneath me.
I tried to find a pulse in her arm but wasn't sure where to look. I pinched her nostrils and lowered my mouth to hers, attempting resuscitation. After gently blowing several breaths into her lungs, her breasts heaved, and her eyes popped open. She exhaled her air back into my mouth.
I pulled back, thankful for her recovery. Relieved that she appeared perfectly healthy, I covered her neck and face with kisses.
"Damn, Mom. I thought I killed you. You were so still that I panicked. You scared me."
Giggling, she said, "Relax, honey. I briefly passed out from my intense orgasm. I've never had one that strong. I've been craving this for so long that I couldn't control myself when I released my pent-up emotions. I've never felt so much pleasure at once."
My semi-hard prick remained lodged in her cum-filled pussy. She moved her hips in a circular motion resulting in squishing sounds from her saturated cunt.
"Looks like I was out for the best part. You filled your mother," she seductively said while she stroked my back and pulled me in for a kiss.
"Honey, you didn't call emergency and tell them to come quick because you fucked your mother to death, did you?"
I snickered and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "No, I didn't have enough time. That would have been hard to explain."
"How did you know it was me? You knew from the start, didn't you?"
"Your legs, Mom. You've been flaunting them by me forever. I have every inch of your beautiful flesh memorized. You don't know the number of times I've jerked off fantasizing about you."
"So you like your old mom's legs, do you?"
"Your legs, your ass, your tits, your tight pussy. I love your smile, your laughter, and the sexy way you walk. I am happiest when we're together. I've wanted to make love to you for a long time. You don't know how close you've come to getting raped during the last week."
"I'm sorry if I teased you the last couple of days. I wasn't sure if you had the same physical emotions for me as I did for you. I didn't want to ruin our relationship, and I had to make certain," Mom purred while gently caressing my back.
She added, "And it wouldn't have been rape. It would have been a blessing. I hoped one of my skimpy nighties would prompt you to act."
After sliding my softening prick out to move my weight off her, she quickly pulled me to her and hugged me tightly.
"Please stay with me. I want to feel your skin against mine. Let me savor the moment of my young, strong man on top of me."
While our hot bodies meshed together in post-coital bliss, we gently caressed each other's bodies. I felt her forest of cum-soaked pussy hair rubbing against my trapped, semi-hard prick. We kissed and talked for the next ten minutes during our recovery.
Her arms ran over my ass and squeezed my buns. She moved her hips in a slow sexy circular motion before humping up, increasing the pressure on my prick nestled in her wet forest. When life purged back into my spent cock, I realized how lucky I was to have such a mother committed to sexually pleasing her son. Bringing my hands to her full breasts, I caressed and massaged her meaty globes.
Mom pleaded, "Sweetie, fuck me again. I want to enjoy my son making love to me. Please?"
"I love you, Mom. I'd do anything for you. Let's make our first night together memorable. Something we'll never forget."
I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue battling hers. Moving my hands to her nipples, I tweaked and twisted her sensitive buds, elevating her excitement level.
While I played with her luscious mounds, she reached down and stroked my slick, cum-coated shaft. She pulled my large, mushroom-shaped head into the mouth of her pussy and humped up to embed my prick in her hot canal.
I slowly stroked in and out of her wet pussy, embellishing the sensations of her velvety slot. My cock experienced little friction due to the lubricating cum left over from our first coupling. Locked deep in her pussy, I rose. Raising her knees, she reached up and pulled them tight to her chest.
While I pushed her legs, my leverage increased while pounding her hungry pussy. Heavily panting, she humped up to meet my thrusts while I deep-fucked her. Her pussy found new life, squeezing my prick when I plowed in and out. I looked down at our groins, witnessing the sinfully incestuous act of a son ravaging his mother.
As if reading my mind, she yelled, "Stuff your mother's cunt with your gigantic cock. It feels like a baseball bat. Oh damn, fuck me hard!"
My cock, slathered with our cum, drilled her horny hole. Reaching down, I massaged her clit while my ram battered her hot box. She screamed in pleasure when I lightly squeezed her sensitive nub. I eased off her clit, letting her relax as I enjoyed the moment.
It was the highlight of my life, fucking my hot mother. She writhed on the bed beneath me and thrust her hips like a wild woman. Her breathing rate increased, and I wondered if she would pass out again.
Relishing in the sexual conquest of my mother increased my stimulation. Close to achieving another orgasm, I hoped I would last longer the second time, but this was my mother I was fucking. I pulled her feet back, bringing her knees to point straight up. I pushed them out to spread her pelvis wide open. I felt pressure on my prick from her pussy when I opened her up.
Holding her meaty thighs, I fucked her while she writhed in pleasure. I couldn't get enough of her smooth legs. I gripped a hunk of firm flesh and used it to pound her leaking pussy harder.
Lowering down to her body, I pressed my hard nipples onto hers as our lips met. Her mouth was open and ready. We fucked each other's mouths while we made love in the missionary position. She dug her nails in my back, signaling she was nearing orgasm again. I wrapped my arms around her to hold her tight.
"Sam. I'm ready to cum again. I love your giant, hard cock. It's driving me crazy. Fuck your mother hard. Fill me with your sticky sperm, you sweet Motherfucker!"
"God, Mom. I've waited so long for this. Your pussy is so tight and hot. I'm going to cum, Mommy!"
She hugged me and wrapped her legs around my waist, elevating her pussy to meet my powerful thrusts. Groaning in pleasure, she deeply exhaled each time my fat head slammed against the back of her cavern.
"I love you, Mom!" I screamed while I fucked her hard. Her excited state prevented her from saying anything, continuously gasping for air.
We locked mouths while we committed our forbidden, incestuous coupling. My eyes stared deep into my mother's soul through her dark-chocolate eyes. They widened when more blood surged into the head of my prick. Panting into my mouth, her pupils dilated, her back arched, and her body shook while she climaxed. I pounded deep into her pussy, my balls spewing out any milky-white fluid left in my reservoir.
Her convulsing sheath trapped my erupting prick. Her spasms coincided with my orgasms, attempting to milk out any precious sperm from my balls.
After my final release, I continued to slowly fuck her, prolonging our incestuous sin. When I softened, I started to roll off her when she again hugged me tight to her. Our eyes locked together, cementing our deep love.
Her facial expression was an afterglow of blissful joy. She kissed me gently, saying, "I love you too. Thank you, sweetie. You're the best lover ever."
We gently caressed and consoled each other, committing our forbidden relationship while we revealed our innermost desires and feelings. Our love was on a higher plateau since we'd crossed the line that most mothers and sons act out privately in their fantasies.
After an hour of holding, caressing, and talking, Mom excused herself to go to the bathroom. When she returned, I did the same. I used a warm washcloth to clean off our sticky mixture of cum. Emerging from the bathroom, I wasn't sure if I should go to my room. Mom silently answered my question, holding the covers open and inviting me into her bed. I slid in, and we hugged each other, not for sex, but for love. We parted, and Mom rested her head on my chest. While I stroked her scalp, she fell into a deep sleep. I soon followed.
*****
When I awakened, fear struck me that last night's events had been a dream. Seeing Mom next to me sound asleep was a relief. It wasn't a fantasy in my mind. I had made love to my beautiful mother. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing Mom's sexy, nude body. Her breasts slowly heaved up and down while she remained sleeping restfully. Her pink nipples weren't engorged and full of blood like the previous night. I gently stroked her smooth stomach, lightly running my fingers over her ribcage, stopping to feel it rise and fall with her deep sleeping.
My hands roamed across her smooth stomach before spreading out my fingers to run through her mound of soft fur. Without stopping, I continued my light caressing down to her firm thighs, lightly squeezing her hot flesh. She moaned in pleasure while her breasts heaved. I hoped she was dreaming of our first fuck from the previous night.
Bringing my hand back to her smooth stomach, I explored higher across her hot and tight skin. I gently cupped her nearest mound, marveling at its firmness. I couldn't resist squeezing it while worshiping her beauty.
Mom's breathing quickened, and when I looked up, I noticed her staring at me, smiling seductively. She remained silent, contently watching her son caress her breasts. After her nipples filled with blood, she spoke. "Good morning. Do you like your mother's titties? You liked them when you were a child too."
I replied, "You bet, Mom. I could play with your breasts forever. It's a shame I can't remember them from infancy, but I can imagine I loved feeding on them. Your nipples are so sexy and inviting."
I leaned over and kissed her nearest engorged nub. Swirling my rough tongue around her tip, I gently latched onto her hard point. She brought her hands to the back of my head and held me in place while I fed on her succulent tit. I sucked hard on her taut and upright areole, resulting in her groaning loudly.
She gasped, "Oh, honey. That feels good. Suck your mother's tits and bite them, baby. Pull and twist my nipples. It's been too long since you nursed from me."
Locked onto her nearest nipple, I licked and lightly bit her sensitive bud. Moving my hand to her other breast, I massaged and squeezed her meaty tit. Gently holding her engorged nipple with my teeth, I pulled and teased her, causing her to moan and gasp. While I stretched her pinched nipple, I twisted her other nipple with my fingers.
When she humped her pelvis, I released her sensitive teat. Rolling over to meld with her sexy body, I kissed my mother.
It was a gentle closed-mouth kiss at first, a subtle, loving kiss. Mom changed the pace when she opened her mouth and attacked me with her tongue. We French-kissed with our naked bodies pressed together. We gasped for air, breathing fast while we made love with our mouths.
Backing off from our intimate kiss, I could see Mom's eyes were once again full of lust when she rolled us over until she was on top. She kissed her way down to my stomach. My prick was already a pillar of rock, rising out of my pubic hair. Still kissing her way down, she gripped my pole and slowly stroked up and down.
She rose and sat on my legs, facing me. Her hands explored my hairy thighs, bumping my full ball sack on each upstroke.
"You have such a sexy body, Sam. I've wanted to caress your legs as much as you've wanted to do to me." Continuing to rub up and down my thighs, she'd stop to grab a hunk of flesh, playfully pulling and squeezing it.
Bending down, she kissed her way up my hairy thigh until she reached my stiff pole. She lustfully looked up at me while seductively licking up and down my staff with her rough tongue. She hoarsely said, "Honey. It's been a while since I've sucked a prick, and such a giant one. As you said before, I made this beautiful cock."
Engulfing my fat head with her mouth, she swirled her tongue around my sensitive helmet. Descending my pole, she sucked hard on my staff. She held my balls and gently squeezed them while she fucked my rod with her hungry mouth. Her other hand gripped the bottom half of my prick, stroking up and down while her mouth fucked the top half of my pole. I wasn't going to last long.
"Damn, Mom. You suck cock good. Your mouth is unbelievable," I gasped, my voice cracking.
She'd bring me to the brink of orgasm before stopping, never releasing her mouth from my sensitive head. She looked at me with those round, brown eyes while feasting on my stiff shaft of flesh. It was difficult holding back my load while I watched my sexy mom perform such a sensual act.
Releasing my cock, she rose and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked each other with our tongues again. She lifted her pelvis, keeping her eyes locked with mine. Placing her hands on my shoulders to keep her balance, she crawled forward and positioned her hairy pussy over my shaft. She lowered her body, trapping my prick between our sweaty stomachs.
When my hand crept between our bodies to position my prick, she moved her head side-to-side, stopping me. When I halted, she slid her furry slit across my groin. It was a pelvic dance, mauling and shifting my prick around with her actions.
Lodging my shaft lengthwise into her slot, she ground up and down, scraping her raw pussy lips against my cock. Shifting lower, she rubbed my helmeted head against her clit. Leaving my tip smashed against her exposed clit, she moved in circles, stimulating her sensitive nub. She moaned and breathed rapidly.
Having enough stimulation on her clit, she pulled back, running my fat head up and down her slick slit. She sawed her pussy, to and fro, coating my shaft with slippery pussy juice. I thought she might climax without ever penetrating her. Still not using her hands, she inched forward, releasing my trapped prick. My shaft rose, freed from our smothering bodies. Before rising too far, Mom backed into it, inserting my cock head into the mouth of her hungry pussy.
Our eyes locked, and I could see the look of triumph when she managed to engulf my prick from the awkward position without help. She backed up until my cock was several inches in her tight, starved cunt. She rose while her hands grasped my stomach to keep my prick partway out of her snatch. She carefully lowered an inch before rising, allowing my size to stretch her tight channel.
After her pussy surrendered to my ram, she fucked my pole, increasing the amount of cock with each stroke.
Her expression was of total bliss while she slowly fucked me. Churning back and forth while pumping up and down, she scraped the sides of her pussy that screamed for attention. Pussy juice drenched my solid shaft, making it easier for her to lower down further. Raising back up, she stopped when my fat head was at the entrance of her clenching pussy. Looking down at me lustfully, she released my sides and fell until my balls smashed against her ass.
She squealed from pleasure when she bottomed out, rising again to plummet back down my shaft. Fucking me hard and fast, I thrust up on her down strokes, ramming my cock deeper into her cavern. Reaching out with my hands, I stroked her legs while she enjoyed being in control of our fuck.
She threw her head back and gasped for air, fucking her son as hard as she could. Juices from both of us flowed out of her hole while she fucked my slippery prick. Slowing her pumping, she lowered down, pushing her breasts in front of my face. Knowing what she desired, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her nearest breast into my waiting mouth.
I mauled her tit while she continued to fuck me. Constant deep guttural groans emanated from her. I captured her stiff nipple, squeezed it between my lips, and pulled hard as if milking it.
"God, yes. Suck Mommy's tits. You're fucking your horny mother good with your fat cock. I've fantasized about making love with you for a long time. Whenever you cum with me, I want to kiss you. I love you so much!"
My mother knew exactly how to please her son. She locked her mouth on mine while fucking me. I grabbed her ass and slammed into her pussy. My cock filled with blood making more contact as it scraped the walls of her pussy. A large payload of hot cum shot up my stem and out the tip.
Her pussy contracted on my prick while I deposited a large load of sticky sperm. After we were both spent, she lowered her body to mine. Neither of us spoke while we fought to breathe.
Her firm breasts squished out on the sides of our bodies while she rested. My hands caressed her sweaty, smooth back while she recovered from our morning fuck. She rested her head next to mine, nibbling on my ear while she caught her breath. Her hot air bathing my neck sent shivers through me. Her rapid breathing gradually calmed while she relaxed. We were content to say nothing, enjoying the close connection.
"Wow, Mom. What a way to begin a day. What do you say we stay in bed until lunch?" Running my hands down her lower back, I cupped her rounded ass and squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I wondered how many times I could fuck my mom in one day. Visions of different positions flashed through my mind when Mom brought me back to reality when she softly spoke.
"I'd love to, and we will do that one of these days but not today. We have a full schedule ahead of us. We have a client at one in the afternoon. Then we're going to take your aunt out to the movies and dinner and have one more appointment at eight tonight."
Unable to contain my surprise, I exclaimed, "Mom, that's an aggressive plan. Do you want me to be with other women now? You're the only one I want. Why don't we tell Sharon we don't want to take on more clients?"
She giggled and kissed me before explaining. "First off, Sharon doesn't have anything to do with it. She was my first customer. I interviewed the other women at their houses."
After processing Mom's revelation, I realized she had sent me to Sharon's to give her a baby. This whole time I thought this was Sharon's grand plan. Someone else might have felt used, but I felt nothing but love and admiration for my mother. Everything she did was for my benefit.
"Concerning other women, I think it's healthy for you to have other relationships," Mom explained. "There was a reason why our clients gave large bonuses. You're not only a wonderful lover, but you know how to make a woman feel special. I know firsthand how much pleasure a woman can feel with you. I want to share that with other women. The icing on the cake is your college expenses are getting paid."
She smirked and added, "You only have to promise you'll sleep with me at night and sexually take care of me. Although, as much as we're going to be fucking, I won't be able to afford to pay what I charge others."
Her sexy smile and talk regarding our future together stirred my prick, but I had to save it for our client in a few hours. When she lifted her body off mine, our skin, bonded together by heat and sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. We chuckled at the sound it made while we separated.
We rose out of bed to dress and have breakfast. I slipped on my robe, and when Mom started to put on hers, I pleaded, "Mom, would you mind wearing your blue nightie through breakfast? It's something I look forward to each morning."
She dropped her robe, joy spreading across her face. "Oh no, sweetie. I've had that old nightie for far too long. It isn't proper attire for a mother to parade around in."
Seeing my disappointment, she giggled while she walked to her closet. I was ready to close my robe and leave when I heard her say, "I've been saving this one for you. Do you think this is more appropriate for a mother to wear around her horny son?"
She walked out of her closet wearing a different nightie. She sexily strutted to the edge of the bed, turned slowly, and displayed her new attire.
It was the same style and color as her other nightie, but the material was translucent. It was sheer enough to see everything underneath. It enhanced her beauty more than I thought possible. When she turned to the side, her hard, pink nipples pushed out the top, and her full rounded breasts were visible, showing no signs of sagging.
She turned to face me, placing her hands on her waist, causing her nightie to tighten against her nipples. I stared at her beautifully toned bare thighs, then traveled up to admire her hairy pussy, barely hidden beneath the thin fabric. Her facial expression was a mix of seeking approval with one of lust.
Scanning her beautiful body, my cock quickly filled with blood and poked out the front of my robe, pointing to its prey it desired to attack. Her eyes traveled to my hard cock, and she no longer looked like she needed approval. Her face changed to one of sexual craving.
When she ran her hands up to her breasts over the smooth fabric, she huskily said, "Well, it looks like someone appreciates my newest purchase. The material is silk and feels good too. Come here and see for yourself."
I walked to her and held her tight, running my hands over the thin silky material, caressing her sexy body.
"You're so beautiful, Mom. You turn me on whenever I look at you. Anything you wear makes me hot," I said, kissing her passionately. I squeezed her thinly covered breasts, twisting her engorged nipples. She pushed my robe off my shoulders and wrapped her fingers around my hard, throbbing cock. I lowered my hands below her nightie to hold her firm ass. She panted while passionately kissing me.
She murmured, "Oh, honey. I love it that you get aroused by me. You've awakened my sexual lust, and I adore your wonderful cock. I love what you're doing to me, but we should eat breakfast and prepare for our next client."
Instead of releasing my cock, she stroked it while her kissing intensified. With my hands still holding her firm buns, I coaxed her backward. Lowering her down, I positioned her on the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs, causing her nightie to rise and expose her hairy, wet gash. I walked into her, shoving my rock-hard prick into her welcoming snatch. I couldn't believe I was fucking my beautiful mother again, and it felt as great as the first time.
My stiff shaft pistoned in and out of her hairy hole. Her breasts flopped up and down beneath the thin nightie while I bottomed out forcefully each time. With her legs on my shoulders, she incoherently muttered phrases of pleasure while I continued to ravish her body in an attempt to release my pent-up sexual lust. Concentrated on our incestuous coupling, we could care less about any client today. We followed our primal animal instincts to fuck as no mother and son should be doing.
She chanted while I drove my ram into her oily hole. "Fuck me hard. Love me and fuck me like a true Motherfucker."
I pounded her horny pussy until I neared my orgasm. With my shaft fully embedded in her cavern, I stopped stroking to allow our excitement levels to lower. We locked eyes while our groins mashed together. Moving her legs off my shoulders, she wrapped them around my waist. With a lustful look, she opened her arms, inviting me to her hot body. A clear invitation from a mother wanting her son to finish fucking her. It was an offering I wasn't going to pass up.
I lowered down to her nightie-clad torso and kissed her open mouth. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight while my expanding prick stretched her pussy walls. Holding onto her ass, I jack-hammered my mother's pussy. While we kissed, we locked eyes, continuing to enjoy the spontaneous and exciting coupling. Looking into each other's souls, we communicated our intense love. Her beautiful, brown eyes widened, signaling her impending orgasm.
She groaned in my mouth and battled my tongue. Her pussy squeezed my shaft, resulting in my powerful contraction. I pounded into her at a feverish pace while we experienced our intense orgasms. Inserted fully, I released her mouth to suck in a deep breath. I rested my head beside hers while we enjoyed the aftermath of our sinful copulation.
After she licked the outer lobes of my ear, she whispered, "Sam, I think I better wear my robe, or we won't make it out of our bedroom."
My heart skipped a beat when she said our bedroom. It was confirmation that we were a loving couple, committed to each other. We had shattered the morally accepted boundaries of a mother-son relationship.
I caressed her nightie-clad back and murmured, "I can't help it, Mom. You're so sexy. I want to be with you every minute of the day. Your body excites me as no other woman can." I kissed her sensuously, then pulled out, allowing a stream of mixed cum to pour out of her saturated pussy. True to her word, she wore her robe, but it didn't deter me from lustfully staring at her body while she gracefully glided around the kitchen.
We quickly finished breakfast and retired to the living room. We still had a couple of hours to kill before our client showed up, allowing us to snuggle on the couch. I was afraid I wouldn't recover in time, but sitting close to Mom ignited my lust. Mom's hand went through the front of my robe to lightly hold my semi-hard prick. She probably had the same concerns about whether I'd be able to perform after our morning bout of sex.
Lightly squeezing my shaft, she apprehensively spoke. "Sam, I've had this rule with my clients that there would be no refunds or repeats, even if the process proved unsuccessful. One client has been persistent, and I felt sorry for the poor girl. I agreed, even before she offered to double the original amount. It wasn't the money that swayed my mind; I wanted to make her happy. Our appointment with her is at one."
My mind raced through the women trying to figure out who it was. Since she said girl, it must be one of the two younger ones. Before I could concentrate further, she acknowledged, "It was the lady from two days ago. Her body was covered and hidden, except for her beautiful face and silky, black hair."
It was indeed my lucky day; she described Snow White. Images of her black bush contrasting against her smooth, white skin flashed through my mind. My shaft pulsed, signaling my excitement.
Mom still had her hand wrapped around my prick and felt it come alive. She bleated, "Should I be jealous of this girl? It looks like you have some special feelings for her."
"She was charming, Mom, but you're still the love of my life," I said, trying to put her at ease.
She smiled and leaned in to lightly kiss me, no hint of jealousy, looking pleased with her son's happiness.
At the designated time, I retreated to my room to wait for the arrival of Snow White. I sat on my bed nude, displaying my semi-hard cock, waiting for Mom's entrance. She strolled in wearing her robe, and I instantly hardened, rising and hugging her, ending with an erotic kiss. She wrapped her hands around my manhood and stressed, "Let's save this for our client. Hopefully, you'll be successful today. Good luck, honey. Don't forget your aunt is coming over at three."
There was no reason to wear my robe anymore. I marched down the stairs to our room nude, my stiff prick swaying back and forth. Once I entered, I noticed a change in the positioning of the woman. The sheet covered her, but it was high, like she was on her knees praying, her back pushing up the sheet.
I remembered how nervous she was our first time. While uncovering her, I said, "I'm glad you returned. I can't wait to feel your beautiful skin again." When I shoved the sheet up, she extended her body forward and raised her ass into the air. My prick jerked when I realized she wanted it doggy style. Maybe she thought this would be a better method to impregnate her.
Her long, pure white leg flesh accented her black, hairy pussy. She widened her legs, exposing her already wet gash, ready for an infusion of sperm. Hard as a rock, I moved up and stroked her lily-white meat.
Her skin was hot and firm to the touch, burning my fingers. I took my time running my hands up and down her smooth thighs. The sides of my hands bumped against her furry slit each time I went to the top. Her sweet pussy scent emanated from her sex, anticipating my fat cock stretching her tight channel.
Reluctantly releasing my hands from her firm thighs, my aching cock demanded I proceed. Placing my mushroom-shaped head onto the puffy outer lips of her pussy, I rolled it around, lubricating it with her flowing juices. No more foreplay was warranted; I jabbed my prick deep into her throbbing pussy.
Moaning in the pillow while my prick descended to the bottom, she shrieked in pleasure when my engorged head slammed against her back wall. Her pussy contracted while she experienced her first orgasm. Holding my prick lodged deep, I stroked her sides and legs, allowing her to recover from her fast climax. No sounds came from her while she fought to catch her breath.
I enjoyed the quiet moment, caressing her smooth flesh. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make love to her like an average couple, kissing her as we made love. "Take your time, baby. We'll take it as slow as you want. I could fuck you all night."
A long groan broke her silence when she moved her hips forward and back, fucking herself on my pole. She was ready for another round; I was determined to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me. Gripping her hips, I fucked her hard.
The angle of my piercing lance caused her pleasure centers to fire off when I bumped and scraped against her tight pussy walls. We fucked hard for ten minutes, concentrating on pleasing each other. Wanting this session to last longer to enjoy her body faded away when I neared my orgasm. My prick serviced her sensitive pussy while I reached up and kneaded her swaying tits. I squeezed them hard and twisted her nipples between my fingers. Her rapid breathing and loud moaning were the only sounds coming from under the sheet.
Her second orgasm unexpectedly occurred when her pussy suddenly clamped down on my invading prick. Hearing her scream into the pillow, a stream of hot cum shot up through my stem, causing the tip of my cock to explode. A load of hot seed spurt out, bathing the back of her pussy. Each blast of hot cum I shot into her resulted in another contraction from her convulsing cavern.
I slowly fucked her after our mutual orgasms finished, relishing in the blissful connection we had just shared. Crestfallen that the session was already over, I hoped we weren't successful again.
Both of us breathed hard and fast while we recovered from the intense fuck. Panting, I managed to spout, "You are so sexy. I know it's selfish of me, but in a way, I hope you're not pregnant again."
I pulled out, leaving her ass uncovered while I backed up. My eyes traveled from her cum-filled pussy down her creamy smooth thighs to her delicate feet.
The sheet went flying off. Suddenly, Snow White flipped around and flopped onto the bed. Still staring at her legs, she spoke in a sexy French accent. "No hope is necessary. I'm pretty sure you impregnated me last session. This time was for you."
I recognized her voice. I quickly looked up. "Monica?"
"Yes, Sam. Come to me, my love," she cooed, her arms open. I lowered down to her, melding my body to hers.
She stroked my scalp while memories flashed back to me.
*****
It was my last year in our old neighborhood. I loved walking back and forth to the school, located a mile from our house. Each day my route passed by a preschool halfway between our home and my school.
On one of those days, I ran across a couple of bullies teasing and tormenting a young girl outside the preschool. I broke it up and continued to walk home. I noticed the girl they harassed followed me for a few blocks before I lost sight of her.
Days after this incident, the same girl would wait by the school for me to pass and then follow me. I didn't think anything of it; she was probably using me to stop the kids from picking on her. After a couple of weeks of this routine, I noticed she went up a walkway to a large house with large bushes on both sides. One day when I walked by, I spotted a woman wearing Muslim attire inside the entrance of the hidden walkway. When I passed, she quietly whispered, "Excuse me, Sir. Could I talk to you?"
I stopped, unsure if she would accuse me of trying to lure the girl or what. I uneasily responded, "Um, sure. Anything wrong?"
"Please follow me, and I'll explain," she said as she went up to the house and waited for the girl and me to enter. After we were inside, she removed the covering on her head, revealing her beautiful face. She told her daughter to sit at the table with me. She had a French accent, unlike what I expected from her attire.
She introduced herself as Monica and her daughter as Camila before she went to the kitchen and brought out a plate of warm cookies and two glasses of milk. She set them down in front of us and sat opposite us at the table.
Camila picked up a cookie and devoured it. Monica smiled and told me she was grateful for me protecting her daughter. Kids harassed her because they knew she was a child of a Muslim family. Her French accent intrigued me while I listened to her talk. When Camila finished, Monica told her to go to her room and play.
After taking a bite out of the delicious cookie, I felt a bump on my leg. Looking down, I eyed a beautiful, short-haired, black cat walking around my legs. I lifted the friendly kitty off the floor and placed her on my lap. She curled and purred while I petted her. I knew where to scratch her neck and head to give her the attention she wanted.
I asked, "And who is this cute girl? I love cats. Her fur is soft and sleek."
Monica smiled wide and said, "Her name is Dinah. She likes a lot of attention. My husband hates cats."
That was the first indication she wasn't on board with her marriage. She kept a cat her husband hated, and the cat's name was of Jewish origin. That couldn't have set well with her Muslim husband.
Unwilling to further explain the details concerning her cat, she informed me she wanted to thank me earlier, but her husband was home, and she couldn't talk to another man with him present. He was doing business in the Middle East now; she seized the opportunity to thank me.
She originated from France and married her wealthy husband at eighteen when she was pregnant with Camila. She admitted she was naive and easily influenced by the prestige and money afforded her. Even though their love was brief, she remained with him, honoring her obligation. She wasn't religious, but she made an effort to observe some of the Muslim rules to satisfy her husband.
We talked for over an hour, getting acquainted with each other. Marrying young to a wealthy Middle Eastern businessman allowed her to attend private colleges. I found her to be intelligent and educated while we discussed our lives. She inquired about my studies, and we talked at length. She was witty and injected humor into our conversation, causing us to laugh through much of our talk. Sex didn't enter my mind while I connected with the highly educated and charming young lady.
For the next six months, we met dozens of times on my walks home when her husband was out of town. We spent hours together, giggling and talking, while I pampered Dinah with my affection. I enjoyed the time with Monica, feeling at ease with her pleasant demeanor. I looked forward to walking home, hoping she'd be waiting for me. Her daughter still kept her distance, following me home each day.
Concerned that Camila might mention my visits to her father, I asked Monica whether there would be a problem if her daughter disclosed my visits. She told me her husband never wanted a daughter and wouldn't talk or listen to her. She isolated Camila from him as much as possible, and they were experts at keeping secrets.
She never uncovered more than the fabric on her head, meaning I couldn't see her beautiful body concealed beneath. We became best friends, probably the strangest and most secret friendship in town. That was the hard part when Mom mentioned we were moving after graduation.
Monica and I decided we wouldn't keep in touch through email or letters in the chance she might get caught. We teared up during our final visit as we knew we wouldn't see each other again. I didn't tell Mom about Monica, even when she questioned why I was depressed for the first few months after we relocated.
*****
Monica brought me back from my memories, bringing me up to date with her life. Her husband divorced her six months ago, desiring a younger wife and one that would provide him with a son. He left Monica with the house, a large sum of money, and Camila before he moved back to the Middle East.
She was more than happy with the arrangement. She wanted another child and wanted the father to be intelligent and sensitive. She loved our talks together and wanted her child to inherit my traits. When she heard the details of our business through her wealthy friends, she seized the opportunity to conceive a baby with me.
She thought she would be content once our first session had finished. She was hesitant to reconnect with me for the sole purpose of getting pregnant. That's why she concealed herself through our first coupling. After our initial rendezvous, she wanted to marry the lust we shared during our sexual liaison with the emotional relationship we had enjoyed previously. She decided to reveal herself this time, and I couldn't have been happier.
We talked for over an hour, connecting again. We explored each other as if we hadn't felt a nude body before. I didn't tell Monica I was in love with her. Maybe I hadn't fallen out of love during our earlier time together. Better take it slow, I thought, chuckling to myself. The definition of a slow courtship probably didn't mean madly fucking, and then dating afterward.
I rolled on top of her, and we kissed like lovers. Our tongues explored our mouths while we fought to press our bodies together as one. I was hard again and wanted to make love to this woman. We locked eyes when I guided my stiff prick into her wet, receptive hole.
I caressed her full breasts while I sunk my cock to the depths of her hungry cunt. We fucked as lovers, caressing each other while we enjoyed the stimulation of my cock smoothly gliding in and out of her pussy. We kissed and hugged each other, enjoying the contact of our hot, sweaty bodies. Her body melted into mine as I attempted to satisfy her sex-starved cunt.
Increasing the pace of our fuck, I furiously stroked in and out of her tight snatch. We mashed our mouths together as our sexual liaison intensified.
Barely able to talk, I gushed, "You are so hot and sexy. I loved our time together in the past, and now we're joined completely. I'm not letting you go again." I again locked my mouth to hers as we neared a mutual orgasm.
As my prick expanded with hot blood signaling my impending orgasm, she released my mouth to huskily shriek, "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like I'm your mom! Fill my pussy as you do with your mother's."
Images of Mom and I fucking flashed through my mind, blood pouring into my expanding shaft. My balls contracted before they shot out the reservoir of hot sperm generated in the last hour. Her body shivered and shook as we enjoyed our synchronized orgasms.
Drained from our intense love-making session, I left my prick soaking in her drenched cunt, enjoying the moment of post-coital bliss. I broke the silence by softly asking, "You know? About my mother?"
"Of course, I know. Your mother is beautiful and sexy. You're a horny and handsome son; it was inevitable. She's so hot that I wouldn't mind spending some intimate time with her. And if you were my son, I would have fucked you long ago. She is a lucky mother to have a hunky, horny son."
I was still embedded in her soaked pussy while listening to her. I slowly pulled out when I softened, kissing her as we parted. I looked at the clock and realized we had been together far too long. Rachel was coming over in half an hour.
"I'm sorry, Monica, but I have to end our session because my aunt is visiting in a few minutes. I'll tell Mom to reimburse you. You're more than a client to me."
"Stop right there, Sam," Monica stated. "You won't tell your mother anything of the kind. We'll keep meeting until we zero your college debts."
We talked for several more minutes before I stood up to leave. When I looked at Monica's beautiful sexy body with my cum drooling out of her pussy an idea formed. I asked, "Did you mean it when you said you would like to be with my mom?"
"Oh yea, she is so sexy. I would love to explore her body," she lustfully stammered.
I lifted her knees and spread her legs wide so that when Mom entered the room, she'd see Monica's black, hairy pussy dripping out ropes of white semen. "Stay like this; I have a feeling you're in for a treat," I said when I felt my cock stir, admiring her sexy display.
As I was leaving, she quietly pleaded, "Sam, could we get together again, like on a date? I've missed you so much. I'll understand if you don't want to be involved with a woman bringing children into the relationship."
Seeing her fearful expression, I walked over to her and kissed her sensuously, promising, "I'd love nothing more than to see you again. We'll go out often, and Mom will be happy to babysit Camila and Dinah. I've missed you, too." Her look of fear turned to an expression of joy while she pondered our future.
I left the door open while I walked down the hall, meeting Mom at the end. When we met, I hugged and passionately kissed her. She reached down and clutched my cum soaked prick. She scraped the sides while pulling her hand along the length of my shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She smiled and jested, "I love the taste of your cum, but I hope you left some in our client. I'd hate for you to have to do another repeat."
I quickly replied, "No worries, Mom. She wasn't here for a baby. She came back for me."
She looked taken aback. "I think I am jealous now. She paid for another session just to fuck my son?"
"Relax, Mom. We're old friends, and I'm very attracted to her." I reached into her robe with one hand and teased her hard, engorged nipple while kissing her again. My other hand went through the opening in her robe in search of her hairy pussy. When I pushed three fingers into her wet slot, I said, "Mom, even if I love other women, we'll still be here for each other. There is nothing stronger than the love of a mother and son. It's a special bond, separate from other relationships."
We kissed again, and I could see the love in her eyes, acknowledging the sinful relationship we'd always have. I removed my hands so she could meet Monica. Ending my kiss, I whispered, "After all, you don't want to be mad at your future daughter-in-law, do you?"
Her panting was still rapid from the short time we connected. She kissed me in return and said, "I hope you've found a girl who can provide you with the love you deserve. That would make me the happiest mother ever."
When I left for my room, I quipped, "Mom, since you like my cum so much, I don't think our client would mind sharing." I stayed at the bottom of the stairs while Mom skipped down the hall to meet Monica. She entered our bedroom, and seconds later, her robe flew out the door, landing on the hallway floor. I heard her screech, "Sam left such a mess here. Let me clean you up." Sounds of sexual pleasure emanated from our room while I went upstairs to take my shower.
When I finished drying off, I looked out the window and noticed Rachel walking down the sidewalk half a block away. It had taken longer than I thought with Monica, and my aunt was arriving early. I quickly dressed and ran down the stairs to Mom's room. Monica and Mom were eating each other's hairy cunts, in the throes of sexual oral bliss.
"Mom, Rachel is arriving early. I'll keep her in the garden while you two finish." No acknowledgment came from either woman while they concentrated on their sexual bonding.
I ran outside and met Rachel as she neared the front door. Interlocking arms, I escorted her to the garden around the side of our house. Stalling for time, I walked her through the beds, telling her our plans for each. I managed to waste twenty minutes when my aunt looked up and saw movement in the house. "Who's the woman with your mom? I haven't seen her before."
I replied, "Oh, she's a friend Mom had over. It looks like they're running late. We'll be ready to go to the movies and dinner as planned. Don't worry; it'll just be my favorite two ladies with me tonight."
She smiled, and we walked up to the house to wait. Minutes later, Mom returned and greeted us with a sexy smile. Her Hawaiian floral dress looked fabulous on her. It was shorter than usual, and it was obvious she wore no bra, her pointy nipples pushing out the thin fabric. She looked stunning, and Rachel looked surprised when she gazed at Mom's exquisite beauty.
She stared intently at my mother's provocative, sexy dress but didn't mention anything while we walked to the car. We decided on dinner first as we were hungry. My attention focused on Mom's hard nipples poking out the thin material. I felt guilty ignoring my sexy aunt. Her blue lace bra was visible under her tight, sheer blouse, and I wondered if Mom had informed her my favorite lingerie color was blue.
The hostess at the restaurant greeted us and said, "Hi, Melissa. Glad to see you again. I'll seat you in a nice booth."
"Thanks, Lisa. We'll be right behind you," Mom replied.
Lisa walked us to a secluded booth at the end of a long room. Mom and I sat on one side while Rachel sat opposite us. When Mom slid in, her dress slid up, revealing her sexy thighs. Sitting down, I noticed the table was far enough away from the seat, enabling me to see Mom's bare legs. Thankfully, Rachel couldn't see anything from her position.
As soon as Lisa left, I asked, "Mom, how do you know her? Do you come here often?"
"I met her here a couple of months ago. She's a good server, and I enjoy my visits with her. She's very nice and friendly. You'll like her."
Before I could ask any more questions, Lisa arrived to take our orders. She remained at our table, engaging us in a friendly conversation. Lisa was tall and very thin. I doubt if she broke a hundred on the scales, but she had toned muscles and didn't look unhealthily thin.
Her casual talking transitioned to flirting as if she were competing with the two beautiful women accompanying me. Mom and Rachel encouraged her flirtations while Lisa twirled the ends of her short, light-brown, silky hair. I noticed her stealing glimpses of Mom's exposed thighs. All too soon, she departed to place our order.
I lustfully stared at her long legs while she walked away. She wore the same skirt as the other servers, but due to her height, it looked a lot shorter. She wore her belt higher also, probably because she knew how to flaunt her best asset. I'm sure she received large tips from showing off her long, lithe legs. Her breasts hid beneath her blouse, but I surmised they were small, enabling her to go braless. She looked like the girls I'd date at school because she had the same facial features as Mom and my aunt.
When she left, Rachel said, "My, she's cute, and I believe she has a crush on your son, Melissa."
My face flushed while Mom moved over close to me, wrapping her arm around me as if consoling me. She jokingly scorned Rachel. "Now stop it, Sis. You're embarrassing my poor son. Besides, I think he prefers older women."
"Is it true, Sam? You like the more experienced woman?" my aunt piped, sexily looking at me.
Thinking briefly of telling her how I love fucking my horny mom, I decided against it and ended our discussion. "You two need to stop it. A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell."
They both smiled, and Rachel excused herself to go to the restroom. When she was out of earshot, I took the time to admire Mom's sexy body. "Jesus, Mom. You reek of sex. I want to take you home and devour you. Rachel was impressed too. Did you see the way she stared at you?"
"I have a lot of outfits I can't wait to try on for you. I think Rachel believes she's the only sexy slut in the family. She's probably jealous because you're looking at me more than her. I wonder what she'd think if she knew I'm not wearing panties, either."
Openly leering at her sexy, bare thighs, I lustfully said, "She is quite the looker, much like her sister."
Mom reached over, clenched my pants, and bent my stiff prick while jokingly remarking, "Watch it, buster, Rachel is my baby sister. Behave yourself."
Seeing her sister returning, she released my prick and whispered, "But not too much."
Mom and Rachel immediately engaged in conversation, and I wondered if Mom was aware of Rachel's hard nipples poking out the material of her blouse. Obviously, she had removed her bra in the bathroom. I wondered if she was competing with Mom or Lisa.
Feeling Mom's legs bumping against me was confirmation she also noticed Rachel's display. Grabbing my cloth napkin, I moved it below the table and placed it on my leg. I reached over and slid my hand up and down Mom's exposed leg. When my hand ventured higher, I felt the heat from her groin when my hand stopped at her closed thighs.
While still immersed in her discussion with Rachel, she moved her left leg over, allowing me access to her hairy treasure. I slowly ran my hand under her skirt to the top of her luscious thigh. The side of my hand stopped when it hit her mound of fur. Putting pressure on her pussy, I sawed up and down her slit with the edge of my hand. She squirmed on the seat and managed to bring her pussy up for easier access. I ran my fingers up and down her outer lips, causing her juices to flow.
I inserted two fingers into her steaming snatch; she moved her left hand under the table. Thinking she would shoe me away from her hairy mound, I was surprised to see her pull her skirt up to her waist, exposing her pelvis. Her hand returned to the top of the table while she engaged Rachel in conversation. It was the perfect cover for me to play with Mom's pussy. I buried another finger into her wet hole and massaged her sensitive walls.
I had my hand upside down in an uncomfortable position while I played with her pussy. I couldn't stroke in and out as my arm would move, alerting Rachel. Moving my fingers around her leaking pussy, I stimulated it as if I were fucking her. She struggled with breathing while she talked to her sister, and her voice cracked when I ran my fingers over her engorged clit.
She neared her climax when I noticed Lisa arriving with a large serving tray. When Lisa placed Rachel's plate in front of her, I began sliding my fingers out of Mom's excited pussy to allow her to lower her skirt. Her hand quickly landed on mine, guiding my fingers back down to the depths of her clasping channel.
She held my hand in her pussy, covering mine and her mound of hair. Lisa placed my plate in front of me, and I could see her staring at our hands clamped tight to Mom's pussy. She picked up Mom's plate and leaned hard into me, squashing her soft tit into my shoulder, muttering, "Pardon my reach." She slowly placed Mom's plate down, her eyes locked onto our erotic display. Mom's gaze fixated on Lisa's expression, gauging her reaction to our wanton, sexual exhibition.
Lisa lingered, smiled wide, pulled back, and asked us if we needed anything else. As she turned to leave, Mom stuttered, "Lisa, would you mind grinding some fresh pepper on my pasta?" Mom leaned back, moved her hand away from mine, and shoved it under her ass, enabling her to push her pussy up, making the display even more erotic.
Lisa smiled wide, retrieved the pepper mill, and leaned over to comply with Mom's request. While she pushed her breast into my shoulder, Mom sexily smiled and observed Lisa, who was intently staring at Mom's pussy, stuffed full of my fingers. With Lisa's eyes locked onto Mom's groin, I moved my wet, slick fingers out and then back to the bottom of his pussy.
I glanced over at Rachel, fearing she would see Lisa mesmerized at our exhibition but relieved when I noticed her concentrating on her plate of pasta.
"That's probably enough pepper," I said. Lisa stopped cranking the shaker but lingered to stare at Mom's voyeuristic display. Her breath was short and rapid when she backed up and asked us if there was anything else we needed. Mom told her we were good and thanked her for the fantastic service.
Lisa sexily smiled, turned, and walked away. I intensified my attack on Mom's pussy, knowing it would be overly suspicious if I left my left hand under the table for much longer. While Mom ate her peppery entree, I mauled her sensitive pussy. Her face flushed, and her pussy pulsated in anticipation of a climax. Moving my forefinger and thumb up to the top of her slit, I rolled and squeezed her slick, engorged clit. Stroking it as she would do to my prick, I soon felt her orgasm commence.
She shrieked when her pussy shook and let loose a flood of juices, cumming on my intruding hand. Rachel looked up, saw Mom's flushed face, and exclaimed, "Melissa, are you feeling okay? You look like you're burning up."
Mom grabbed her glass of water, took a few big gulps, and managed to spout, "Maybe too much pepper at once. I'm okay now." Satisfied with her sister's answer, Rachel resumed eating. I removed my hand from Mom's soaked pussy, wiping my fingers off my napkin. After I moved my soiled cloth over to Mom's leaking slit, her hand came down to take over. After cleaning up her juices, Mom placed my soaked napkin on my leg and moved her skirt back down. Mom and Rachel continued talking as if nothing had happened. When we finished eating, I reached down and brought my napkin up to my face as if I were wiping my mouth but, instead, deeply inhaled Mom's pussy scent.
Mom smiled and bumped her leg on mine, acknowledging my action. Lisa showed up with the check and asked if we needed anything else. She smiled, teasing, "Perhaps some Cream Pie would be good?"
Mom replied, "Not now, Lisa, perhaps later. Thanks, though." Rachel didn't act wise to their secretive talk as Lisa smiled wide and walked away. Mom paid with cash, leaving a generous tip. I wondered if she was giving Lisa hush money or because she liked her.
Rachel stood to leave while I did the same to let Mom exit. When they walked out, I turned to the table to rearrange my prick, which had hardened at an odd angle. I reached down and adjusted my cock to point straight up along my stomach in a more comfortable position.
I turned to leave and practically ran over Lisa. She smiled as if she knew what I had been doing and walked up close enough that the mixture of her light perfume and sweat swept over me. Her face was inches from mine. She moved closer, pushing a soft breast into my arm while shoving her exposed thigh between my legs, pressing it against my stiff prick.
Rubbing her leg back and forth on my covered cock, she said, "Be sure to ask for me next time to get a nice private booth. I wrote my schedule down for you. I would love to serve your party again."
Moving her closed fist to mine, she transferred the note to my hand. Expecting a piece of paper, I was pleasantly surprised to feel a flimsy, silky pair of panties. They were damp and warm, the result of watching our sexual display. I quickly stuffed them into my pants pocket.
I picked up my napkin, soaked with Mom's juices, and held it to her hand, closing her fingers around it. I leaned into her pushing my hard cock into her thigh, and whispered, "I'm afraid Mom made a mess of her napkin. She had to use it to clean up some leaking juices."
Lisa sucked in a deep breath of air, and her eyes widened when she digested the taboo nature of our relationship. Her face turned from surprise to lust when she snatched the soiled napkin from my hand.
I thanked her again and said goodbye, leaving to catch up with Mom and Rachel. Halfway to the door, I turned to see Lisa in the booth. One hand pressed the cum-drenched napkin onto her face while the other was under the table. Knowing her pussy was receiving a pounding from witnessing a mother and son commit a sinful act made me smile wide.
At the theater, I sat between Mom and Rachel. Mom wrapped her arm around me when the lights dimmed. I did the same to her, and we leaned against each other. Knowing Rachel couldn't see my roaming hand, I cupped Mom's braless tit while we watched the feature film. Mom leaned over close and whispered, "I know it doesn't matter, but you have my full approval if you want to marry Monica."
Remembering the image of those two locked in sex, I smiled, leaned back, and whispered, "Of course, it matters. I'm glad you like Monica. It means a lot to me."
My aunt noticed Mom's arm around me and put her around me, leaning into me. The side of her soft braless tit pressed into my side. With her other hand, she pulled my arm around her back to rest my hand on her waist. I had my arms around two beautiful women. Afraid of being as bold with Rachel as my mom, I slowly slid my hand right below her breast, holding onto her ribcage.
When the movie credits scrolled, Mom rose to leave. Rachel slumped in her chair, causing her braless breast to fall in my hand. In an unconscious reaction, I squeezed her meaty mound. I quickly released her luscious tit, covering my action by saying, "Sorry, Auntie. Guess I lost my balance for a moment."
She smiled and chuckled, "I didn't notice anything, Sam. Only a perfect gentleman that likes older women and never tells."
Once again, I had to adjust my stiff prick before we left to go home. It was a short ride back to our neighborhood. Mom stopped the car in front of Rachel's house and told me to walk her sister to her door before coming home. Remembering we had an appointment in less than two hours, I knew I didn't have time to go in and talk.
After I walked my sexy aunt to her door, she turned to me and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. She rarely hugged me before tonight, catching me off-guard. Hot air hit my ear when she whispered, "I'm happy you're here this summer. I love hanging out with you. Thank you for a wonderful evening."
She kissed me on the neck and tightened her hug. Her soft, meaty breasts mashed against my chest while she pushed her hips into my stiff prick. She backed off and gave me a sexy smile before entering her house. I walked home with a raging hard-on. Reviewing the events of the past few days, it seemed clear that Aunt Rachel was coming on to me. I wondered what Mom would think if I fucked her younger sister.
Opening our front door, I bumped into Mom standing in the hallway. She had changed out of her dress and wore a tight white blouse tucked into a short, black, pleated skirt. "Wow, Mom. You look like a cheerleader but way sexier. You're the definition of a MILF."
"I have to keep up with your aunt, don't I?"
Changing the conversation, she explained, "I haven't met our client in person. We finalized everything online. She insisted on anonymity, conducting our services in a hotel across town, twenty miles away. We have no time to waste. You'll retrieve the room key at the front desk, and she wants you to go solo. I agreed to her terms, but I'm not letting you go alone. I'll wait in the bar for you in case things go wrong."
I pulled out Lisa's panties and said, "I should leave these here." Seeing her puzzled look, I added, "Lisa wrote her schedule down so we can request her as a server again."
Mom's thoughts rehashed our public exhibition. She lustfully retorted, "On her panties, no less. Maybe we should invite her over to give her a more intimate show." Smiling wide in agreement, I dropped Lisa's panties on the end table and wrapped my arm through Mom's as we walked out to the car.
On the drive to the hotel, I couldn't stop myself from running my hands up and down Mom's bare legs while she drove. Content with feeling her sexy thighs, I didn't venture up far enough to see if she was wearing any panties. Before I knew it, we pulled into the well-lit parking lot. The upscale hotel offered suites, so at least it would be a pleasant room.
Exiting quickly, I dashed to the driver's side to help Mom out of the car. Her skirt rode higher when she shifted her legs, revealing her hairy bush. I grinned wide as It looked like Mom wouldn't ever wear panties again. She held out her hands, inviting me to help her stand up. Once she stood, she hugged me and whispered, "You see anything you like?"
I hoarsely answered, "Damn, Mom. Why don't we rent a room and forget the client?"
"Don't worry, Sam. Tonight's appointment will be the last one for a while. After this, we'll spend a lot of time together. Now let's fulfill our commitment."
We arrived early, so we went to the bar and sat at a table in the back to wait. Mom ordered a glass of wine while we waited for my appointment. Suddenly, she leaned close and whispered, "Don't be obvious but look at the booth next to the bar. She's one of our prior clients. I hope she doesn't recognize me."
Scanning the crowd, I located the couple that Mom pointed out. I never saw their faces, but this lady had such a deep tan that I knew that she was the one after Sharon. She wouldn't notice anyone because her attention was on a guy my age. I silently laughed when I realized they resembled each other.
Whispering back, I said, "I see them, Mom. You don't need to worry. They're not interested in anyone else."
"He looks young enough to be her son. I wonder why she hired us with such a nice young man to service her?" Mom asked.
I replied, "He is her son. I might have initiated that. We kind of shared a mother-son fantasy during our session."
Mom jabbed me in the ribs and giggled, "You're so bad. We should charge more for you providing sex therapy along with your sperm donation."
Looking at her watch, she said, "Okay, Sam. Time for your show." We both rose and held our hands together when she leaned into me and said, "I'll wait for you here. Good luck."
With one of our clients in the bar, I figured Mom wouldn't take a chance and display public affection. Caught off guard, she wrapped her arms around me, hugged me tight, and kissed me as a wife would do with her loving husband.
I reluctantly parted and headed to the front desk. The receptionist greeted me when I provided my last name. She searched the counter for a moment and handed me a paper holder containing a key card. She smiled and commented, "Oh yes. I checked your lovely wife earlier. Have a fun night, Sir."
On my way up to the room, I mentally analyzed the tone and expression of the clerk. She didn't sound sincere, and I wondered how many of their guests were high-priced prostitutes. I swiped the door lock and entered the front room, dimly lit by night lights.
I could see a lighted bedroom off to the side where I assumed the woman would be waiting. I quickly removed my clothes and made my way to the bedroom. A sheet covered the woman in the same manner as Mom's bed. It was evident Mom had given her explicit instructions on the procedure.
I greeted her and assured her I would be slow and gentle. Moving the sheet up to her knees revealed her lower legs. They were the legs of a young woman, firm and toned. I caressed them, telling her how great they felt. When I thought she had relaxed enough, I pushed the sheet up to the tops of her thighs. I stroked her firm thighs, marveling at their beauty.
They were like my mother's but a younger version. I recognized them as Aunt Rachel's. I couldn't believe both of my closest family members thought they could fool me. I had been lusting for her legs for as long as I had Mom's.
Wondering how she discovered our business, I recalled how she used to visit us in the old neighborhood and still had a lot of friends there. My thoughts snapped back to how to proceed. Fulfilling my lustful fantasy of making love to my aunt, I wanted it to be a special session for both of us.
I thought, "Should I do the same as I did to my mother, prolonging the seduction to the end? Will she pretend as my mother did?"
If my aunt wanted to fuck me, she would have to tell me to do it. I wouldn't allow her to act like she was a client for long.
She sucked in a breath of air when I moved the sheet up to her midriff in one fast move. Her beautiful pussy came into view. She was clean-shaven, not one hair on her mound, smooth as glass. I moved up and placed my stiff shaft on the side of her leg while caressing her creamy thighs. Her legs widened, exposing her wet gash. She was anxious for her nephew to fuck her needy slot. I ran my fingers up and down her wet slit and inserted three fingers into her hole.
She was wet and ready. I finger fucked her cavern until she moaned in pleasure. Capturing her clit between my fingers, I rolled the sensitive nub, causing her to move her hips from side to side. She humped up, trying to convince me to complete her fantasy. I moved the head of my prick to her pussy and swirled it around her fat, wet lips. When she humped up to lodge it in her canal, I backed off and kept it from entering.
Now was the time to taunt my beautiful aunt. "Your thighs are so smooth and sexy. I love feeling them," I commented while I massaged and caressed her meaty flesh. "My aunt's legs are like these. I've wanted to touch them for a long time. She's the sexiest woman I know, and I would love to be doing this to her."
She moaned louder and increased the movement of her hips. Her legs couldn't be any further apart, granting me full access. I went back to playing with her pussy while tormenting my sexy aunt. "Your pussy is perfect too. I imagine this is how my aunt's pussy would look. It's begging for my hard prick."
I teased her pussy with my cock, poking in an inch and withdrawing several times before saying, "Your pussy is as hot and tight as a virgin's. I wish my aunt would ask me to fuck her. I want to hear those words. Can you tell me? Can you tell your nephew to fuck you hard?" I stuck my cock head into her pussy several inches and quickly pulled it out, elevating her excited state.
She took hold of the sheet and threw it off the bed, screaming, "Goddammit, Sam. Yes, I want my nephew to fuck me. Quit delaying. Shove your huge prick in your aunt's horny hole!"
Her lustful face conveyed the urgency of her desire to fuck her sister's son. I leaned down and kissed her while sliding my cock into her hot sheath. I lowered my weight on her, locking our mouths together, tongue fucking each other while I sunk the rest of the way into my sexy aunt.
Snaking my hands between our hot, sweaty bodies, I grabbed her meaty breasts and mauled them, twisting her sensitive nipples while I fucked her hard. She pulled her mouth off to gasp for air. Her breasts heaved up and down against my chest, her excitement level rapidly increasing. She was receiving the incestuous fucking she had fantasized about the last several years. I continued my assault on her sensitive breasts while hammering in and out of her drooling pussy.
She panted rapidly and groaned, her pussy filled with more cock than she'd ever experienced. Her pussy walls snapped shut when I pulled my shaft back to her entrance, stretching out again when I forcefully plowed back in.
Before I achieved my orgasm, my aunt's pussy clamped down on my prick when she climaxed. Her contractions continued while I thrust in and out. Several strokes later, she went limp from her quick and intense orgasm. I pulled out and was going to move off when she pulled me down tight as Mom had done.
She held me tight to her body while we gently caressed each other. Mom and her sister were similar in many ways, desiring fleshy, close contact after making love. Melded together with my sexy aunt was a dream come true. I rose to admire her. Scanning up and down her luscious body caused my prick to harden even more. Shifting my eyes up to her beautiful face, our eyes locked together, connecting as lovers.
She smiled wide, marveling, "You knew right away, didn't you? How did you know it was me?"
"I'd know those legs anywhere. I leer at them every time you visit. They're beautiful and sexy. You can't realize how many times I've fantasized about making love to you," I revealed to her.
Raising, she reached out to hold my slick prick that had given her an orgasm. She pushed me over on my back and positioned herself on my legs, stroking my shaft with both of her hands. With a sexy look, she said, "Did one of your fantasies end like this?" She leaned down and licked her juices off my cock. Holding the base, she enveloped the sensitive head in her mouth and cleaned it off with her rough tongue. She lowered her mouth down my pole much further than Mom had done. I felt it hit the back of her throat and was surprised she didn't gag. She pulled back to the top and slammed down again.
It was the best blow job I'd ever received. My aunt's teeth lightly scraped while she pulled up, then slammed back down. She fucked and sucked me with her mouth until my balls filled with cum and were ready to blow. She sensed it and lightly squeezed my balls as she sucked my ejaculating cock. She swallowed every drop of sticky cum and continued to massage my cock after it softened in her hot mouth. She pulled off my limp prick and grinned wide when she crawled up and rested on my body.
She nibbled at my ear and whispered, "Was that one of the fantasies you've had of your horny aunt?"
"Way better than I could have ever dreamed up. You're the sexiest and hottest aunt in town," I sighed, soothingly stroking her smooth back. "You're going to have to request a refund. You paid for a load of sperm deposited in your pussy, not your mouth."
She replied, "Probably better this way. It'd be hard to explain to my big sister how I got knocked up by her horny son."
There was no way she knew I wouldn't come inside her, and she knew who she was going to fuck. I wasn't sure why she made up this story, but her look made me think she wanted me to believe her and not press the issue. Kissing her lightly, I said, "Good thinking, Aunt Rachel."
We were silent for several minutes, enjoying our close contact. My aunt's sexy voice broke the silence, "Sam, I have a late check-out for the room. How would you like to stay and entertain your lonely aunt tonight?"
I wondered what she would think if she knew Mom was waiting down in the bar for me. I had mixed feelings between wanting to stay and fuck my sexy aunt or take Mom home to do the same. Quickly going through the options, I said, "I'd like nothing better, but I have to go home first and let Mom know I won't be staying there tonight. I'll grab some clothes and tell her I'm going to a friend's house."
We kissed several times before she said, "Perfect, Sam. Hurry back." She rolled off and allowed me to exit. I took my time leaving her room, taking in her beauty. She was a younger version of Mom, and I only lusted after my mother more because of the deep emotional ties between a mother and son.
I left her room and joined Mom. Looking over to the booth by the bar, I asked, "Did our client leave?"
Mom replied, "She went to the front desk and received a room key. He met with her at the elevators. They had that look only a mother and son have before they make love."
"You'd recognize that look, that's for sure. I'm happy that it worked out."
Changing subjects, she asked, "How did it go with our client? Any problems?"
I answered, "No, Mom. Everything went fine. It was quite delightful."
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "She was a fine fuck. She reminded me a lot of you. Her body was as great as yours, also a brunette, but she had dyed her hair blonde. She could have been your sister."
Pausing to let it sink in, I smiled and whispered, "Oh wait, she was your sister. I just fucked Aunt Rachel."
Everyone turned to look at us when Mom let out a loud shriek. Mom's face turned red at the attention. Backing off, I observed her expression turn from surprise to lust. Fumbling in her purse, she pulled out enough cash to pay for her drinks and threw it on the table, hastily rising from the table.
As soon as I rose, she interlocked her arm with mine and pulled me out of the hotel bar. She guided me down the hall to the pool/sauna room. Using my key card, I unlocked the door. No one was present in the pool area, probably out for dinner. Mom opened one of the sauna rooms, finding it empty. She pulled me in, closed the door, and immediately attacked me. She pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me while her hands explored my body.
I ran my hands up and down her back, lowering until I found her skirt waistband and pulled her top out. My hands snuck under her blouse, caressing her slick, bare flesh. I moved my hands up, cupping, squeezing, and mauling her firm breasts. Capturing a nipple with my left hand, my right hand ventured lower to stroke her thigh. I moved my hand to her groin, searching for her exposed pussy.
I grabbed her forest of pussy hair and tugged on it, causing her to pant in my mouth while she ravished me. I stuck three fingers in her steamy cunt and fucked her fast. She was on fire and needed relief. Moving her to the bench, I gently pushed her on her back. Pushing her skirt up to her waist, I lowered my mouth and latched onto her excited pussy.
She yelled in pleasure, pulling my head into her hungry cunt. My tongue fucked her horny hole. Screaming with excitement, she exclaimed, "Oh god, yes. Suck your mother's cunt. I need to cum. Eat your mommy's pussy!"
Continuing to slurp on her hungry snatch, I shoved two fingers to the bottom of her pussy. I finger-fucked her while my mouth captured her engorged clit. Stroking in and out at a furious pace, I sucked her clit into my mouth. After five more strokes, her body stiffened, and her pussy contracted, spilling her cum over her thighs. Slurping her sweet nectar, I cleaned up the majority of her juices.
She sat up to hug me and held her arms tight around me as if she was going to faint. Without saying a word, she released me and tucked in her blouse. Rising off the bench, she held my hand and opened the door to exit. With her face flushed and wet with sweat, you'd think we had the sauna on, but the heat was all from my hot mom.
She didn't stop pulling me until we were out of an exit, ending up in an outside garden area. She filled her lungs with the cool night air, turned to me, and held me by the hips, looking into my eyes. She hoarsely croaked, "Wow. I don't know what came over me. The thought of you fucking Rachel got me so excited. In my mind, I thought it might happen. I've seen the way you look at her, but I thought you would make the advance. I should have known since we've always had the same likes and dislikes."
We walked the hotel grounds like lovers, our sides glued together with our arms tightly wrapped around our waists. She wanted to hear every detail of our incestuous aunt-nephew coupling.
After describing our episode, I stopped walking and held her. "Mom, I'm sorry if you didn't want me to go through with it once I found out it was Rachel, but in our aroused state, we couldn't help it. She had a lot of pent-up lust, much as I've seen in you. You're both so beautiful and sexy that I have no self-control around you two."
Almost crying, she let out her deepest feelings. "Sam, you've released many buried sexual cravings. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of slut, but I love being with you. All I think about now is your wonderful cock in my horny pussy. You can't imagine the joy I get when you stuff me full of your hard prick."
"I feel the same way, Mom. I get excited when I think about being with you. If you want me to tell Rachel I can't make it, I will, and we can go home and enjoy each other tonight."
She quickly replied, "No, honey. I love my sister and know she shares my powerful sexual needs. And you're going to fulfill her desires. We're going to make my sister happy tonight, but not before I come again on my son's wonderful cock."
She pulled out her phone to check the time. "She expects you back in twenty minutes. Let's enjoy the rest of the walk and get you back up there. My sister deserves a good breeding."
Mom's nurturing is one of the many traits that I adored about her. She put taking care of the people she loved above her own personal desires. It solved my dilemma of what to do tonight, but the outcome would be different than the original plan.
Mom wanted to participate in the upcoming sexual romp with my aunt. No surprise there, thinking back on the frantic scene of her making love to Monica and how she became sexually aroused when I told her I fucked her sister.
Stopping us before we arrived back at the hotel, she hugged me tight and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. She confided, "Honey, you can ask for anything you desire, anytime. I'm completely yours to fulfill your wishes. I love you so much." We passionately kissed, sealing our sinful relationship. Regrettably, we released our hug to rendezvous with her sister.
Hopefully, Aunt Rachel's terrific blow-job would help me from coming too fast before satisfying the sexy sisters. Mom guided us back to the hotel and into the elevator with our arms intertwined, acting like a married couple going to their room.
An older couple was in the elevator as we rode up to our floor. The husband was overtly staring at Mom's proud, upright, braless tits with her hard nipples pressed against the thin material. His wife took a deep breath. Mom's cum-smeared thighs filled the confined area with an aroma of sex. Visions of the couple tearing off their clothes and fucking each other from getting aroused entered my mind. Their floor was before ours, and as the door shut, I saw the man grab the woman's ass. They were in for a good time.
After swiping my card, the door clicked open. We entered, and thankfully, the front room was empty. I called out to my aunt to alert her of my arrival. "Honey, I'm home," I announced, hearing my aunt giggle. Mom and I stripped off our clothes. Mom waited in the front room while I paraded into the bedroom with my hardening prick bobbing up and down.
Spreadeagled on the bed with her legs wide apart, I could see she had started without me. Her hands mauled her wet pussy. She huskily proclaimed, "Is that for me? I can't wait to play with it."
I replied, "Why yes, Auntie. It's revived and ready to stretch your tight pussy to its limits. But first, I want to pay you back for what you did earlier."
Looking puzzled, she understood my comment when I lowered my mouth to her open pussy. I licked up and down her puffy lips, cleaning off her juices. She placed her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly to her hungry cunt. I explored the insides of her pussy with my tongue, taking time to lick her sensitive clit. Her breathing was rapid and short while I feasted on her pussy.
When I thought she was near her climax, I rose, pulling her up with me. I hugged her bare body to mine, kissing her. She mauled my mouth with her tongue while we explored each other's bodies. Plopping down on my back, I positioned her to face the headboard and had her lower her pussy to my waiting mouth. I continued my assault on her snatch while her hips writhed, trying to connect my tongue with her sensitive parts.
Moans and groans filled the room from my aunt expressing her pleasure. Feeling a hand surround my prick, I knew Mom had entered the room. I felt the bed move when Mom crawled up my body. Her legs were tight against my sides while she maneuvered to impale herself on my rod. My aunt didn't notice; my tongue assaulting her pussy held her attention. I felt Mom lift my pole, and shortly after, I felt her snug pussy descend my length. She was hot and wet, sinking to the bottom.
She rose and fell down several times, causing the bed to bounce. Aunt Rachel realized something was happening and turned her head to see Mom fucking herself on my prick. Cum poured out of my aunt's convulsing pussy when she climaxed. She screamed, "Oh my god! You're fucking your son!"
Rachel climaxed again, watching her older sister fuck my pole. I swallowed her freely flowing sweet cum.
"Yes. I'm fucking my son, as you did with your nephew an hour ago. Thanks to you, his wonderful cock is slick and hard, filling my pussy full. Turn around and watch while I fuck myself to an orgasm."
My aunt lifted her cleaned pussy off my face, positioning herself above my head. Facing Mom, she watched a horny mother, her sister, fuck her son. Lying still to keep from getting too excited, I allowed Mom to do the work. If I did anything to help, I wouldn't last long, and Mom had stipulated I wasn't to come in her pussy. It was an erotic sight, watching my mother bounce up and down, mashing our hairy mounds together when she bottomed out each time. Nearing her climax, she pulled her sister close. I pushed my aunt's ass, shoving her to Mom, pulling her pussy down to my mouth while Mom kissed Rachel.
They kissed like lovers, groping and pawing their breasts. Aunt Rachel's excitement quickly elevated while I ate her pussy, and Mom assaulted her from the top. Mom broke away long enough to shriek, "I'm cumming on my son's prick. It feels so good." My aunt leaked out a river of juices, witnessing the sinful act of a mother climaxing on her son's cock.
I didn't hump up while Mom's pussy drenched my pole. The copious fluid pouring on my cock helped me stave off my orgasm as there was no friction, only Mom's contractions while she came. She rested on me with my prick fully embedded in her sheath, kissing her sister again. Rising off my saturated pole, Mom flopped down on the bed beside me, her legs wide apart. Mom's pussy gaped open, cum smeared in the forest of pussy hair and engorged lips.
Aunt Rachel stared at my still-hard cock and boomed, "Jesus, he's still hard. Didn't he cum?" Absorbing more information, she screamed, "Your son fucked you bareback! Are you protected, or does he pull out each time?"
Mom replied, "He didn't cum. You two had me so heated that I couldn't hold off my orgasm for him. And yes, he fucks me with his bare, fleshy prick. My pussy has been overflowing with sperm from my horny son. Rachel, come here and look at how my son stretched out his poor mother's cunt."
I helped Rachel up and positioned her between Mom's outstretched legs. I moved behind my aunt, reached up, and massaged her full breasts while she stared at Mom's wanton display. Mom ran her fingers around her pussy and held up a sticky cum covered finger. "Come taste your big sister. Show us how you're as slutty as you look."
Aunt Rachel didn't hesitate and lowered her mouth to Mom's snatch, feasting on her older sister's cum-soaked pussy. She cleaned Mom's hairy mound, ending at her puffy slit.
She hoarsely chuckled, "Melissa, we're going to have to tame this bush of yours. I can see I have to give my sister some trimming lessons." She went back to licking Mom's cunt.
Caressing and stroking my aunt's back and thighs, I moved up and lined my hard cock up with her pussy. Rachel's attention was solely on pleasing my mother, paying no attention to her horny nephew. Without any warning, I slid my rock-hard cock into her tight cunt.
I bottomed out in one quick stroke, tearing through her sensitive pussy walls. She screamed in my mother's gash, wracked with sudden pleasure. I held onto her hips and slammed in and out of my horny aunt while she moaned and sucked on mom's pussy. She gripped Mom's clit in her lips and held it steady while I hammered away.
Mom took a tongue lashing from her sister, heating up fast. She breathed hard and gasped for breath. "Oh god, Rachel. If I knew you could eat pussy like this, I would have enlisted your help long ago. You're showing your slutty self now. Fucking your nephew and eating your sister's pussy at the same time. You're ready to cum again, aren't you? You're sex-starved, and you can't help it."
I moved my hands to my aunt's waist, pulling her body into mine while I assaulted her from behind.
My Mom teased my aunt again. "I am jealous of you, though, baby sister. My son is doggy fucking you. I can only imagine how it feels with his huge prick sawing in and out of your tight box."
Gasping for air while holding onto Mom's clit challenged her, but my aunt managed to hump back to my thrusts.
"Feel his head, Rachel? It's like a large plum shoved in your cunt, right? It stretches your tight pussy each time he shoves it in. Its flared edge scrapes and stretches the walls of your hot snatch. Don't hold back; let yourself go!"
My aunt couldn't move her mouth anymore, keeping it locked onto Mom's clit. Her body shook while she neared another orgasm.
Mom moaned from her sister's actions when she responded to my aunt's previous comment. "I'd like to shave off my bush, but my son gets turned on by a big, hairy pussy. He loves running his fingers through my mound of hair. Sam, think of the first time you stared at your mother nude while fucking your horny aunt."
How did she know I loved her hairy pussy? I couldn't recall commenting on it, but now that she mentioned it, images flashed through my mind when I lifted the sheet revealing her full, bushy pussy. The sight of Monica's beautiful, black bush filled my head. Blood gushed into my already hard prick, expanding it, increasing the friction against my aunt's pussy walls. I slammed in so hard I was afraid my aunt's forward motion might injure Mom's open cunt.
Escalating too quickly, I switched my thoughts to non-sexual topics to keep from cumming. Rachel's body shook while my stiff prick battered her pussy. Her channel exploded and contracted on my cock. I continued to fuck through her convulsions, barely holding off on my orgasm. She sucked on Mom's ravaged cunt when I pulled out of her sloppy canal. Remaining outside my aunt's squeezing snatch allowed me to cool off and not blow my load.
Moving up to Mom, I waved my cum covered cock in front of her face and asked, "Mom, could you clean off your sister's mess." Wasting no time, she gripped it by the base and licked up and down the shaft, drinking in Rachel's cum. Unwilling to tempt fate by putting it in her hot mouth, she licked the outside of my stem, allowing me to cool off. Suddenly she quit licking and let go of my prick when her body tightened and shook, climaxing on her sister's tongue.
Aunt Rachel cleaned Mom's juices from her overworked pussy, exclaiming, "Damn. If that's what a hairy pussy does to your son, I may have to let mine grow out."
Mom was sexually spent, her face expressing a look of contentment and satisfaction. I moved behind Rachel and caressed her back and legs while she recovered. When she rose, I reached out and pulled her off to bring her up to me, holding her tight. Our eyes locked, and I didn't see the same satisfied look as in my mother's eyes.
Lust dominated her facial expression, but something else was missing. There was a hidden pleading for something she dearly desired. Simultaneously, we moved our mouths closer, lightly kissing each other. Our tongues ran against each other's lips while we sensuously connected. We hugged tightly as our kissing increased in intensity.
Our melded bodies trapped my prick. My aunt's fat breasts squished out the sides while hugging me tightly. Our hard nipples meshed together while we twisted and turned our bodies for maximum contact. I ran my hands down her smooth back and cupped her ass. Holding and squeezing her firm buns, our kiss intensified into a lover's kiss.
"Sam, I love being with you. Your manly scent drives me crazy whenever I get close to you," my sexy aunt exclaimed, lifting one leg to my side. I held her thigh with one hand and her ass with my other. She jumped up, locking her other leg around me while holding onto my shoulders. Our bodies smashed together while I lifted her by her ass. Her pussy juices left a slime trail on my stomach while she rose higher.
Her slot was open and above my stiff pole when I lowered her. She sucked on my neck while my prick separated her tight pussy walls. Suddenly I dropped her to the bottom, impaling her on my spear. She locked her mouth on my neck, squealing in delight. She dug her nails into my back while I fucked her. I knew a hickey would appear in the morning from my aunt sucking my flesh.
Mom caught our attention when she said, "Sam, make love to your aunt the way you should. Make love to her as you did me the first time, missionary style. She deserves a proper fucking from my son."
I lowered Rachel on top of the bed, keeping my cock jammed deep in her hairless hole. As I dropped her the final foot and fell on top of her, air rushed out of her lungs. We gently kissed while I stroked in and out, each of us lost in our world of sexual pleasure.
My hands roamed over her smooth skin and ended up on her firm, meaty globes. I squeezed them hard, causing my aunt to moan with pleasure. My fingers sought out and found her stiff nipples. Looking into her lust-filled, green eyes, I twisted her teats while pumping in and out of her hungry cunt. She wrapped her legs around my waist in a scissors lock, increasing the depth of my strokes. She gasped for air and struggled to say something on her mind. She managed to stammer, "Melissa, did you mean it when you said both of you are unprotected when you have sex?"
Mom crawled up close to her ear, ran her tongue around the sensitive outside, and whispered, "Yes, Rachel. I'm going to have his baby, and you are, too. You want one. That's why your tiny-dicked husband left because you wanted a child. He wasn't big enough of a man to make you pregnant, seeking all those other women to assert himself. Let my son fill you with sperm and give you a baby."
Now it came out why she filed for divorce. My suspicions were correct. Fucking her hard now, she had trouble talking but managed to protest, falsely standing by her moral inhibitions. "Yes. I want a child, but your son seems wrong. I don't know if I can go through with it."
Mom quickly retorted, "You can't lie to your sister. You rented this room with the full knowledge it was Sam, and you paid to have him fill your horny pussy with his cum. Don't try to hide it now. Let your true feelings out and enjoy the best fuck you'll ever get."
Rachel's body shook while I rocked her body with my pounding. Relief swept through her face when she let loose and screeched, "You're right, Melissa. I've wanted a baby from your boy for a long time. I've wanted him for years, but I was afraid I'd hurt you. I thought I could do it without you knowing, but I don't care now. Fuck me hard, Sam. Fill me with your seed and make us a baby!"
I captured her mouth again, and we tongue fucked while my hands gripped her ass, helping her humping hips meet my thrusts. My cock slammed against her back wall each stroke, causing hot air to gush from her lungs each time.
She pulled her mouth away to gasp and catch her breath. Her thrashing was uncontrolled and erratic, making it impossible to maintain a smooth stroking. I felt her body tense up and shake. Loud enough for the hotel lobby staff to hear, she screamed, "Oh god! I'm cumming on my nephew's cock. It's so damn good! Fill me with your sperm, Sam. Please!"
I kissed her again, thrusting my expanded prick into her hot snatch. Her pussy contracted hard, preventing me from entering more than halfway. I pulled back out to her entrance and tried again. Her pussy convulsed again, stopping my fleshy ram. As soon as her contraction ended, I shoved hard, allowing my fat head to plow through her clenched walls. My brain signaled my balls to send a load of hot cum up and out the tip. My first glob of baby-batter flooded her cavity, releasing millions of sperm.
Feeling my load of cum fill her starving cunt, her body arched up and shook while she screamed out in intense pleasure. Her pussy contracted harder than the first two times while my prick remained buried to the hilt. I kept pumping load after load into my horny aunt while her clasping pussy milked my spitting snake. Her cavern was filled with so much gooey cum that no amount of pussy contractions would slow me down. I kept fucking her after I dumped my payload, attempting to pack my sperm to the bottom.
Her body went limp when she lowered her legs to the bed. The same content look spread across her face as I had seen on Mom. She whispered, "Thank you, Sam. I am completely satisfied, better than I've felt for a long time."
Her expression of pleading changed to joy and satisfaction. I kissed her and said, "You're going to be a great mother. To ensure you get pregnant, we should repeat this several times, don't you think?"
She giggled and spewed, "Yes. We have to make sure." We gently kissed while I lowered my weight to her and melded as one again. After several minutes of bonding, I rolled over, positioning myself between my favorite two relatives. They rolled onto their sides to face me. Caressing my body, the three of us recovered from the incestuous couplings.
*****
Exhausted, I soon fell asleep. My deep sleep ended three hours later when I woke up with an urgent need to pee. Mom was nearest the bathroom, so I gently moved my leg over her to get off the bed. She was on her side, and my morning wood scraped across her hip while I made my way to the edge of the bed.
She stirred in her sleep, rolling over on her back. Seeing she didn't wake up, I proceeded to the bathroom. I closed the door and briefly considered taking care of my hard-on to relieve myself, but with two sexy women feet away, I wasn't going to use my hand.
Minutes flew by while I waited until I softened enough to drain my bladder. Finding myself dehydrated from the previous night's activities, I gulped down two glasses of water. Turning off the bathroom light, I opened the door to crawl back into bed. I lifted the sheet and straddled Mom to move over to the center.
Her beautiful breasts slowly heaved up and down. Resisting my desire to fondle and suck on her meaty globes, I surveyed the rest of her body. As soon as I caught sight of her mound of fur, my prick filled with blood, rising and scraping across Mom's soft stomach.
Thinking back to our time in the parking lot, she said I could do whatever I wanted. Would she be upset if I spread her legs and sank my stiff prick into her delightful pussy? Looking at her restful face, deep in sleep, I decided I wouldn't wake her up for my enjoyment. I loved her too much. Lowering down, I lightly pressed my mouth to hers. I kissed her gently while inhaling her wonderful scent. My hard cock throbbed, pressed into her soft stomach.
I eased my leg over and laid down flat between them. Mom didn't wake up during my kiss, but stirred in her sleep, turned on her side, and scooted close to me. She moved her leg over mine and draped her arm over my chest while she soundly slept. I quickly drifted off, listening to Mom's steady breathing.
Another three hours of restful sleep lapsed while I dreamed of our incestuous fucking. I relived our recent couplings and the intense pleasure derived from the women I loved. I started to awaken, feeling someone caressing my chest and the blissful erotic feeling of someone humping on top of my prick. Opening my eyes, I watched my beautiful mother's lip close in. She gently kissed me while rubbing her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Good morning. How did you sleep?" Mom rose, allowing me to see it was Rachel fucking herself on my rod. Her ass faced me with her head near my feet. Groaning so loud that she couldn't hear our conversation, it was evident that she had been enjoying my prick for a while. I replied, "I slept well, and hopefully, I can wake up like this every day."
She smiled and explained, "She woke up horny, and I'll have you the rest of the day. I told her to enjoy herself and jump on. Of course, she thinks she gets to drain your hot spunk into her hungry pussy, but your horny mother needs it more than she does."
I could usually last longer when I didn't have to work at it, but Rachel's pussy was bending and twisting my cock, intensifying my excitement. She expertly used my prick to connect with her sensitive spots. Her panting was swift and heavy, nearing her climax. She firmly held my ankles for support while furiously humping up and down my slippery shaft.
Detecting my rise in excitement from my breathing, Mom leaned close to me and whispered, "Hold on. Save your load of cum for your mother. Think of something else while I take care of your aunt."
Reaching out, she snaked her hand around to the back of my dick, coating her fingers with our juices. Rachel yelped when Mom massaged her sister's clit. Her body shook from Mom's squeezing fingers gripped around her sensitive nub.
Rachel stopped her up and down strokes, resting on my groin with my shaft fully stuffed in her snug glove. Enjoying several mini-orgasms from Mom's manipulating fingers, she smashed her face between my legs, gasping for air.
Mom quickly brought her hand to Rachel's ass and ran it through her sister's crack. Positioning her fingers at Rachel's puckered asshole, she pushed three digits in, causing an immediate orgasm and shriek from my aunt with both of her holes filled.
Juices flowed down my shaft when my aunt climaxed. Remaining on my hard prick after her contractions, we stayed connected until her breathing returned to normal. She slowly extracted herself, releasing my hard cock from her wet snatch.
Rachel was sweating and looked tired from the early morning fuck when she fell flat on her back. She revived herself enough to reprimand Mom. "Dammit, Melissa. You caused me to come before I was ready. I wanted your son's cum to fill me."
Mom smiled and snickered, "Sorry, Sis. My pussy is on fire, and my son has the hose to quench it. Don't underestimate a mother's desire for her horny son. I'll reward you, though, for your sacrifice."
She knelt between Rachel's legs and leaned down to latch her mouth onto Rachel's leaking pussy. She licked and cleaned up her sister's nectar, sticking her tongue into her stretched hole, causing Rachel to moan in pleasure, quickly forgiving Mom.
I crawled out of bed and stood by them, watching the sisters enjoy their coupling. While Mom sucked her sister's hot snatch, she elevated her ass, spreading her legs. Positioning myself behind Mom, I remained still, fascinated at the erotic sight.
Mom's long, toned legs framed her hairy pussy and wet gash. An image of Monica in the same position flashed before me while I mentally compared the two women I loved most. I imagined Monica and Mom side by side and made myself a promise to make it happen shortly. Monica had thinner legs and creamier skin, but Mom's firm thighs were sexy in their own right.
Between Mom's lovely legs, I could see her tits swaying while she slurped on Rachel's pussy. I moved close enough to rub my cum-coated cock up and down her thighs. Mom twisted her hips around, spreading her legs wider apart in preparation for the doggy fuck she had been yearning for since I fucked her sister the previous night.
I pulled back far enough to run my hands up to the inside of her thighs to her open pussy. Teasing her outer lips briefly with my slick fingers, I ran my hands back down her thighs. Repeating this process several times elevated Mom's excitement, causing her to hump her hips. Moving up to her firm ass, I massaged and squeezed her cheeks. Spreading them apart, I revealed her puckered asshole above her hairy pussy. I ran my hands back down to her groove and spread my fingers out as I ran through her forest of soft fur.
Closing my fingers, I pulled down and out to open her pussy. Already wet in anticipation, her gaping hole pulsated as if it was milking a cock. Inching near her, I placed my blood-filled head at the mouth of her greedy gash. Her fat pussy lips snapped down on it while she moved her ass back, trying to swallow her son's shaft. I pulled back with her movement allowing only the head to enter. Her hips stopped, and I rewarded her with a few more inches of hard cock.
Her pelvis humped back once again, trying to suck in my shaft. I pulled back until her hips stopped. I slithered my one-eyed snake back in, opening her tight walls. Halfway in, I stopped. She didn't move, moaning with delight while munching on her sister's cunt. Reaching up to hold her waist for leverage, I sunk my cock to the bottom of her tight sheath, stopping when my balls slapped the top of her pussy.
Her lungs emptied while she groaned loudly. She released her mouth from Rachel's pussy, burying her face in her sister's soft stomach while she struggled to breathe. Leaving my shaft buried to the hilt, I moved my hands up her torso feeling her sweaty hot skin. Finding her hanging breasts, I squeezed and mauled her heavy globes while I pulled my coated shaft out to her entrance and forcefully shoved it back to the bottom. My prick split her walls apart when my fat, flared head plowed through her soft folds.
Using her breasts to pull her body back, I plowed into her juicy box. The heat emanating from her quivering pussy was like a blast furnace when I descended each time. She inched up Rachel's body while I pounded her hungry cavern. When Mom rested her face between her sister's breasts, Rachel pushed her ample tits together, halting Mom's forward movement. While I continued to fuck my mother, my fingers found and captured her sensitive nipples. She groaned in pleasure while her pussy and tits sent signals to her brain.
Continuing to pump my steel-hard rod in and out of her tight pussy, I gripped her nipples and pulled them, stretching out her tits. She yelped like a puppy while her pussy shook, experiencing several mini-orgasms. Slick cum flowed around my cock while I fucked her through her minor contractions. Releasing her nipples, I gently caressed her breasts while I slowed my pace, allowing us to recover.
She raspily yelped, "Jesus. You're fucking your mother so good. Your prick feels like it's twice its normal size, stuffed into my horny pussy. I'm going to require more doggy fucking in the future. Keep fucking Mommy!"
Obeying my mother, I increased my pace, ensuring I scraped her sensitive spots in her tight pussy. She latched onto Rachel's engorged nipple. Rachel held Mom's head firmly to her breast while I fucked my beautiful mother. Rachel closed her eyes, enjoying her sister's sucking mouth. Her face reflected her pleasure while participating in the sinful incestuous coupling.
Mom was right, of course; this was the best fuck ever. Her pussy was as tight and hot as her skin. Juices leaked out of her tight snatch, matting our pubic hair, my prick battering her soaked pussy. Loud squishing noises and the slap-slap-slap sounds of my balls against her cunt filled the room.
Traveling down her hot skin, my hands stopped several inches below her swinging breasts. Spreading my fingers out, they sunk between each rib and squeezed tight. I could feel her heart pumping at an elevated rate. Stopping my hip movement, I fucked her by pulling her back and forth, using her ribcage as leverage. Her mini-orgasms didn't satisfy her lustful cravings, her moaning growing louder. Her globes of succulent tit flesh swung back and forth, colliding with Rachel's torso while she attempted to suck milk out of her sister's nipples.
Fearing I was going to bruise her body, holding her so tight, I brought her pelvis back to collide with my groin. Buried to the root, I stopped fucking her to catch my breath and calm down before elevating her to a major orgasm.
Bringing my hands down to her pelvis, I gripped her hip bones. Stroking gently in and out, I admired the view of our coupling. Her curvy body enhanced her beautifully smooth flesh. My prick was white and frothy from our mixed juices. Looking below my coated cock, I noticed Rachel's pussy open and wet, also quivering with excitement. Moving up closer so I could go deeper, I fucked her faster. Changing my pace, I thrust in the first few inches, withdrew, and rapidly thrust back in. I repeated a dozen times, then sunk my cock down to the bottom of her velvety sheath.
Her breathing rate and groans increased while I fucked her at a furious pace. I repeated the short, fast fucking, sinking to the bottom of her starving pussy every dozen strokes. Anticipating when my prick descended, she arched her back to facilitate deeper penetration. Her groaning turned to a whimpering sound when she stopped sucking on her sister's tit, holding her nipple tight between her lips.
Her pussy vibrated and released more pussy juice, anticipating her major orgasm. Stopping my short stroking rotation, I fucked her slow and deep, hitting bottom each time. Even with her cavern full of lubricating sex juices, her pussy wrapped tight around my stiff prick each time it sank into her depths.
Halting my movement, I held her steady. My hard prick was firmly buried deep in her snug pussy. A feeling of empowerment swept through me. She wouldn't thrust back because of my earlier teasing. She didn't want to take the chance I'd pull out my cock, giving her so much pleasure. Less than a week ago, she was in total control as my mom. Now she was obeying her son like a sex slave.
During the pause, Mom murmured, "Please, Sam. Fuck me to a climax. Don't tease me anymore. I want to feel your hot sperm fill my pussy. I'm going to cum on your big cock pretty soon, regardless. Please be kind to your mother and flood my cunt with your cum."
Rachel piped, "Yes. My nipples can't take much more. Please fuck your mother to an orgasm. Or if you want, you can put it in another willing hole." I looked down to see my sexy aunt flex her hips, looking for a hard prick.
My eyes locked with Rachel's while I reached down and jammed three fingers deep in her wet cunt, stroking in and out as she bucked with excitement. I answered, "Sorry, Rachel. This load is for my sexy mother." I pulled my fingers out and held Mom again.
Feeling remorseful about teasing Mom earlier, I slowly pulled my shaft out to the entrance of her pussy. I swiped my head up and down her slit, rubbing it across her sensitive clit. Holding her tight, I popped my prick through her tight puffy outer lips and said, "Mom, it's your turn to fuck me. Show your motherfucking son how much you want him. Fuck me the way you want it!"
Her hips flew back so hard that I barely held myself from falling backward. My hands held tight while she went wild, bucking and fucking her son as hard as she could. Moving her ass up and down while moving to and fro caused my prick to hit areas seldom touched. Releasing Rachel's nipple to catch her breath, her groaning grew louder, using my cock to scrape along her sensitive walls.
Mom fucked me like I was the last man on earth. My breaths were short and rapid while my prick took a beating it hadn't had to endure before. I wanted this to last forever, but hot blood surged into my cock, signaling my approaching orgasm.
I gripped her thighs and timed my strokes with her frantic humping. It wasn't necessary to tell Mom I was ready to come when my prick expanded. Feeling her pussy and body tremble in anticipated excitement, I screeched, "Mom, your pussy is wet and tight. I can't believe I'm fucking my beautiful mother. Don't pass out this time. It'll be our best orgasm ever. I'm filling my mom's pussy with sperm!"
Hearing this, my aunt retorted, "You passed out fucking your son? Wow, you are one horny mother. And you call me a slut. Kiss me, you son-fucking slut."
The two sisters locked their mouths together, fucking each other's mouths. I held Mom tightly and fucked her hard. My helmeted head filled with blood, increasing my difficulty shoving in and out of her tight channel. My balls filled up, and it felt like they were trying to eject my entire reservoir of sperm at once. My shaft tunnel wasn't large enough to allow for that much volume.
My prick enlarged to accommodate the large lake of sperm boiling through it. Mom's spasming pussy continued to contract, attempting to coax out the river of hot cum flowing up my shaft. The large head of my prick felt like it exploded when the first load of hot, baby-batter shot out, bathing her insides.
She screamed in ecstasy when I felt a shock of intense pleasure surging through my prick to the rest of my body. Enjoying the most erotic fuck of my life, I pulled back and pushed in again to release another load of cum. Mom's pussy rapidly contracted tight, enhanced by the feeling of her son's sticky sperm filling her cavity.
Mom's body turned rigid when she released her sister's mouth to gasp for air. Her pussy flooded with cum, facilitating deeper penetration. In case she passed out again, I held her tightly, but thankfully, I heard her groan in pleasure, staying conscious to enjoy our sinful mother-son coupling.
Her pussy milked out every drop of cum from my erupting cock. When she relaxed, I shoved my cock to the bottom, letting it soak in her flooded cavern. I could feel hot fluid coating our genital areas when her cavity couldn't contain the copious amount of cum. Leaning down, I kissed her back while caressing her sides. Mom and Rachel panted, recovering from the intimate mother-son connection. We remained joined together, savoring the post-coital bliss from our erotic fuck.
Starting to soften, I regretted I wouldn't be able to fuck my beautiful mom again. I was the first to break the silence. "Damn. Your pussy is overflowing with cum. I've never blown out that much. We're going to make a mess on the bed."
Mom replied, "Don't worry. I'll clean you, and my sister will be happy to take care of my filled pussy."
Several blobs of cum spilled down on Rachel's bare stomach when I pulled my prick from Mom's cum-filled hole. Turning around, Mom lowered her still dripping pussy to her sister's waiting mouth. I heard Rachel slurping away while she greedily ate our mixed cum. Mom held my shaft by my base and licked up and down my length, expertly cleaning it. She enclosed my sensitive head in her mouth and gently licked it. Traveling down my shaft, she slurped on my balls until our mixed cum was cleaned up.
Looking down, I glimpsed Rachel moving her hips, her pussy leaking juice. Feasting on our cum-cocktail rapidly turned her on. Mom reached down and scraped her fingers across her sister's stomach, capturing our leaked, sticky fluid. Inserting her coated fingers into Rachel's hungry cunt, she moved them in and out, causing Rachel to groan in Mom's pussy.
Removing her fingers, Mom pulled me to her mouth. We sensually kissed while her sister sucked our juices from her pussy. Mom backed off and whispered, "She's ready to come again. Be a good nephew and help your aunt out."
Gladly compiling, I leaned down and stuck three fingers into Rachel's wet hole. I fucked her fast and furious while she bucked her hips to meet my intruding digits. She was already close to her orgasm when I captured her fat clit between my lips and lightly squeezed. Her body shook, climaxing on my fingers and mouth. I replaced my hand with my tongue while I drank her sweet nectar through her climax.
Extracting Mom from her sister, I pulled her up to me. We stood at the bottom of the bed, melding our sweaty bodies together while admiring her sexy, nude sister. We gently kissed with our sweaty bodies pressed together.
Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly while she rested her head next to mine. I felt her hot breath while we enjoyed our sensual post-coital moment. Seeing it was seven in the morning, I whispered, "Mom, it's still early. We don't have to go home, do we?"
Mom replied, "I love you more than you know, and now that my sister has joined in with us, I feel complete. We do have a late checkout, but we girls require our beauty sleep. Cuddle with us."
She pulled me down to the bed, and they resumed their position on either side of me, gently caressing my body while they put their hot legs over mine, trapping me in a pile of sexy familial flesh. Falling into a sound sleep again, I wondered who would be fucking me the next time I woke up.
Three hours later, I was brought out of my sleep when sunlight flooded the room. Someone was caressing my chest, but much to my dismay, no one was enjoying my morning wood. When my eyes opened, I watched Mom return from raising the blinds before crawling back into bed. She kissed me, her hands joining my aunt's, caressing my body.
Mom declared, "Good Morning, again. Hopefully, you slept as well as my sister and me. We're getting ready to leave. Rachel has some errands to do today."
My aunt added, "I wish I didn't have to go. I'd love to stay, but we'll have plenty of time together. The two of us are going to wear you out. We don't want to break our favorite toy." Rachel gently held my semi-hard cock, while Mom rubbed my chest.
Mom replied, "You mean the three of us."
Rachel asked, "Three? Who else?"
Mom replied, "You haven't met your nephew's soon-to-be wife, have you? Her name is Monica, and she's very sexy and charming."
My mind flashed to Monica's body when Mom mentioned her name. My prick filled with blood when visions of our fucking flashed through my mind.
Rachel squeezed my cock while it expanded and exclaimed, "My, she must be some girl by Sam's reaction. I can't wait to meet her and welcome her into our family. Unfortunately, I have to get going. I won't be able to enjoy this until tonight." She stroked my shaft several times before she left the bed and vanished into the bathroom.
I looked at Mom and pleaded, "She doesn't have time, but we do, don't we, Mom?"
Mom smiled and took over, stroking my prick and giggling, "We have to get back home. But first, get in there and help Rachel clean up." Emphasizing her meaning, she firmly gripped my prick, twisted it, and pointed it towards the bathroom.
"After you help your aunt in the shower, we can go home, where you'll clean up your dirty, slutty mother."
I leaned over and kissed Mom while my hand squeezed her nearest breast. I murmured, "You are such a caring sister. I love you, Mom."
The sound of the shower door opening and shutting prompted me to say, "Sounds like it's time for Aunt Rachel to get a thorough scrubbing." I left for the bathroom, my prick swinging back and forth, ready to fuck my beautiful aunt.
Thanks for reading. Continued in Breeding for Mom Pt. 02
Author's note:
All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of eighteen years.
This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the intent of impregnation. It does not include anal.
It felt good to be back in my room. After my first year of attending a university, I was back home for the summer. My name is Sam, and I live with my mom Melissa. My dad died more than a dozen years ago. Last year Mom bought the house we're now living in, located forty miles from where we used to live. We moved here right after my eighteenth birthday.
The large house was more than we required, but it was the best value for the location. I picked one of the bedrooms on the upper floor. We turned the other bedroom on the floor, which shared a bathroom with mine, into a study. Mom's master suite was at the end of a long hallway off the dining room, and the living room overlooked the back of the property. Large windows face the gardens in the backyard, providing a peaceful and quiet atmosphere. A couple of other bedrooms, located along the hallway to Mom's master suite, were turned into hobby rooms.
Her sister, Rachel, convinced Mom to move here to be closer to her. She divorced her husband three years ago and longed for her sister's companionship. My aunt finally convinced Mom to relocate. Mom wasted no time moving here as soon as I graduated. Neither have regretted it and have been inseparable. They have shown no interest in men, preferring to spend their time together.
Physically similar, they would have no trouble attracting men if they desired. They are brunettes, although my aunt dyed her hair blonde last year. Both have their hair cut short, which frames their beautiful faces perfectly. Mom's large, deep brown eyes make you feel better immediately when she looks at you. She has long, toned, firm legs, proudly showing them off when wearing short skirts. Her breasts aren't huge but large enough to sexily push out her tight blouses.
Aunt Rachel's deep green eyes accent her blonde hair. I thought she was sexy before changing, but her new hair color made her look even better. At twenty-six, she's eleven years younger than Mom. Her breasts appear bigger than Mom's, and her luscious legs look similar.
My mood has always been at its best when I'm around either of them. We have a large garden at our new house, and the three of us worked together, keeping it maintained. We usually treated ourselves to dinner or a movie after a day of hard work. My aunt lived a few blocks away and routinely walked over to visit us.
Rachel never mentioned her ex-husband, but she did obtain the house and a substantial amount of money after the divorce. Mom told me it was due to a dispute concerning children but wouldn't divulge whether my aunt wanted offspring or he did. Without hearing the true story, but knowing him, I suspected he had an affair.
Our time together the last few years has really bonded Mom and me, working and playing together. Mom rented an apartment for me at the university, thinking it would be more comfortable than living in a dorm. I figured it was an incentive to keep me at school, allowing her to develop a relationship. Coming home once a month would give Mom plenty of freedom, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't dating. After three months, Mom pleaded with me to come home every weekend because she and my aunt missed my company. Gladly accepting her proposal, I changed my schedule according to Mom's wishes.
My time with Mom and my aunt increased my sexual frustration. When I arrived back at school on Sunday night, I'd call up one of the girls I cycled through. They didn't know why they received such a good fucking each time I returned, and I wasn't honest enough to tell them I was fantasizing they were my mother. I picked girls that looked similar to Mom or Aunt Rachel, avoiding an emotional attachment to any of them. They made it clear they were with me for the sex and didn't want to get tied down to anyone during school, so I didn't mind using them to stave off my incestuous lust.
Mom and Rachel remained close, neither dating. They devoted their full attention to me when I came home for the weekends, and I looked forward to being with them through the summer. Jealous men stared at us when we'd go out on the town. My aunt dressed less conservative, although, much to my dismay, neither would go braless.
Eating out was especially hard as I would sit by Mom with Rachel across from us. She wore a bra, but her dresses showed a lot of cleavage from her full, meaty breasts. She often caught me staring at her chest through dinner, not saying anything to my mother. She would go back to talking to Mom, smiling while acknowledging the admiration of her sexy wares.
*****
Mom interrupted my daydreaming, calling me for dinner. She had prepared one of my favorite meals to celebrate my homecoming. While we sat across from each other, I found myself longingly staring at her beauty. She even asked me a couple of times whether I didn't like my food since I wasn't eating much. It was hard to break away to eat, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings in her attempt to please me. Her eyes were magnets, deep brown and beautiful, a window to her soul.
After finishing, we retired to the living room to discuss our gardening plans. It was the time of year we'd have to do a lot of work to get them in shape for summer. She told me Rachel was anxious to come over and help, which wouldn't help subdue my aroused state. Unfortunately, I would have to seek a seasonal job to help pay for my escalating education costs. Summer employment would severely limit the time that I could spend with my two favorite ladies.
I was tired after the long trip and went to bed early, putting off job hunting until morning. I fell asleep fast, thinking of past images of Mom and my aunt. I woke up earlier than usual and went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom had a daily newspaper delivered, and whenever I was home, we'd share it while eating breakfast. I retrieved it and started to read while waiting for Mom's arrival.
*****
Mom's door creaked open, and I heard her faint footsteps patter down the hall. She lightly kissed me on the back of my neck. "Good morning, Sam. You're up early." I could smell her natural scent while her lips burned my flesh.
"Yes, I am. I slept well and wanted to start looking for a job," I replied while watching my mother walk around me to the counter. My gaze froze when I saw her blue nightie, barely covering her full, firm ass. It wasn't a see-through, but it clung to her tight enough, making it obvious she was nude underneath.
While she filled the coffee machine, my eyes locked onto her long, bare legs. It wasn't the first time I'd seen them, but they still excited me when displayed. When she finished and turned, I quickly looked down at the paper, disguising the fact I was leering. While she walked by me to go back to her room, my eyes lustfully followed her sexy body.
After a few minutes, she returned in a robe to prepare breakfast. She must come out to the kitchen each morning right after awakening and start the coffee machine before returning to her room to change. I had gotten up early before, and she always wore her robe. I wondered if she had changed her routine when I started college.
I made a mental note not to allow sleep to interfere with my early morning delight. Hopefully, Mom wouldn't revert to wearing her robe before coming out to start up the coffee in the future.
We talked while she cooked. After we ate and finished reading the paper, I helped her clean up. When done, she asked, "What are you going to do today while I'm at work?"
"Mostly looking for a job, but I'll find some time to work in the garden, too. I want to contribute more to my college expenses. It's not fair that you're bearing most of the burden."
She smiled and replied, "I don't mind. You help out here so much that I'm getting my money's worth. If you find a job, promise me it's one you'll enjoy. I don't want you picking one just for the money."
"Thanks, Mom."
She hugged me, wished me luck, and left to get dressed to go to work. Retreating to my room, I surfed for job leads. A few minutes later, I heard Mom's car pull out. I looked out my window and watched her drive away. As soon as her car disappeared, I was in bed, stroking my rock-hard cock, reliving the sight of her nightie-clad body. I didn't last long, coating my stomach with globs of hot cum.
I didn't have much luck finding a job, so I decided to take a break and go out. I stopped at the grocery store and picked up some items Mom had written on a list on the table. When I arrived home, Mom was already there. She greeted me with a hug, and I asked her if anything was wrong. She smiled and said, "I took off early to spend more time with you before you start a job. Unless you don't want me to."
"That sounds great, Mom," I replied. "It'll be fun hanging out together."
We walked around the garden, discussing what to do for the next few days. While we ate dinner later that night, I told her I wasn't having any luck finding a job. She looked disappointed before grinning and saying, "You never know; maybe something will come up."
Soon after, I retired to the living room to watch TV while Mom went to her room. She left the door open, and I could hear her talking on the phone, probably catching up with a friend. Their conversation was too faint to comprehend the content, but I did hear her say goodbye.
She came out and sat by me on the couch, wrapping her arm around me to hug me. I could feel the heat from her body and her breath when she told me she would help me with a job. I turned and looked into those beautiful eyes while she continued to tell me she was talking with her friend Sharon regarding some available work. I remembered Sharon from our old neighborhood. She was Mom's age and was equally hot.
"Sharon has quite a bit of work to do around her house and is willing to pay you good money to help," Mom said.
Sharon was wealthy and would usually give me a twenty when we'd visit her; for my college fund, she'd say. I looked forward to good pay while working around a hot-looking woman.
"Thanks, Mom. That sounds great," I replied.
Mom smiled and kissed me on the cheek before returning to her room to call Sharon. She came out later and informed me I would start the next day. After a few more minutes, I told Mom I was heading to bed to get a good night's sleep. Setting my alarm to get up early, I drifted off fast.
*****
I was up and reading the paper, anxiously awaiting Mom's arrival. She made her appearance at the same time, wearing the same nightie. My plan worked while I leered at her scantily clad body. She repeated her routine, leaving and returning to fix breakfast in her robe. I told Mom I'd probably be late returning home since Sharon's house was an hour away. She hugged me goodbye, wishing me luck with my job. Her sexy, parting smile was enough to arouse my horny prick.
I made it to Sharon's place, and she was still as hot as I remembered. We reviewed the things she wanted to complete, and the list looked short enough that I was sure I could do it in a day, although Mom had told me there was a week's worth of work. After finishing the first item, I realized the main job Sharon wanted to accomplish was to have her pussy filled with a young hard cock. Her seduction plan wasn't complicated, leading me to her bedroom, stripping off her clothes, and begging me to fuck her hard.
She kept me in bed all day, obviously not getting the spousal sexual attention she required. She told me her husband was out of town on a business trip until the end of the week, probably fucking his secretary instead of attending meetings. She wasn't upset about his indiscretions as she was financially comfortable in their relationship. Neither of them desired a divorce and was satisfied with the status quo.
Exhausted from my workout, I arrived home late. Mom asked me how it went, and I told her there was a lot of hard work to do, which would keep me busy for the week. She smiled and told me how happy it made her knowing she was able to help with the arrangement. I went to bed early to get up for Mom's negligee showing.
Each day was a repeat of events starting with Mom in the morning and Sharon taking a sexual pounding during the day, allowing me to live out my incestuous fantasies. Sharon's sexual demands exhausted me so much one day that I blew it and slept past Mom's nightie show. Friday arrived too soon, signaling the end of my work week. I hoped Sharon would extend my time, but she explained she didn't want the neighbors to get suspicious and that she had enough memories to last a while. She thanked me with a day of sex, and I left with a check for five hundred dollars.
Mom had one of my favorite meals ready when I arrived home, and we discussed our weekend plans. We decided on several projects in the garden, and she mentioned that her sister would come over to help. I looked forward to spending a weekend with them. Signing and handing the check to Mom brought out a big smile when I told her to use it to help pay for college expenses.
After breakfast the next day, we worked in the garden. Shortly after we began, my aunt showed up, looking as good as ever. We had never felt comfortable hugging since she was close to my age. Instead, she stroked my arm with her hand in a greeting fashion, smiling wide and causing my groin to tingle. We toiled through the day, broke for lunch, and decided to dine out to celebrate our day of hard work.
Aunt Rachel went home to change while Mom and I picked her up on the way out. They were radiant at dinner, and I couldn't have been happier being out with these two beautiful women. Envious husbands stared at us while we dined. Sleep came easy after a full day of work.
*****
After breakfast, Mom pulled her chair to face mine. She sat down and scooted up closer, intertwining our legs. Her bare leg rubbed against mine under our robes when she leaned forward and stroked my arms. Her smooth, firm knees pressed along my hairy thighs sent electric shocks to my hardening cock.
"I have something important to discuss with you," Mom softly said while smiling. I stroked her arms in the same manner, relaxing both of us. Fortunately, my robe concealed my hard prick resulting from our close contact.
She stared at me as if she were trying to decide how to tell me what she had on her mind. I looked back into those brown eyes and immediately felt at ease.
"I had a long phone conversation with Sharon last night," she started.
My relaxed state dissipated, fearing what Sharon had told Mom.
"Sharon thinks she's pregnant," she divulged, still staring at me.
I could only imagine the panic-stricken look sweeping across my face. I hadn't used protection with Sharon. She pulled me tight each time when I flooded her cunt with cum. I had wrongly assumed she was on some kind of birth control.
"It's your baby, Sam," she continued.
Angst swept through me while my hands squeezed tightly on Mom's arms. What an idiot I had been, forgetting about protection. My mind raced with the implications of getting someone pregnant. Mom could see my discomfort and moved her hands to mine, pulling them away and holding them tight, smiling widely, amused at my predicament.
"Relax, it's okay. Sharon wanted to conceive. She told me how she seduced you and had tricked you into thinking she was protected," Mom quietly said, attempting to calm me. Moving her hands to my arms, she stroked up and down to ease the tension.
Taking a deep breath, I replied, "Wow, Mom. I had no idea. And you're okay with this? Does she want anything from me?"
"She wanted a baby, and her husband couldn't give her one," Mom explained. "She's elated and doesn't want anything from you. You know, it's not uncommon," she said, locking her eyes with mine.
"Not uncommon?"
Explaining further, she stated, "Yes. Wealthy women routinely find a young man to impregnate them when their husband can't or doesn't want to."
"Why don't they go to a fertility clinic and get inseminated," I asked, more relaxed from Mom's gentle caressing.
"They usually prefer the more discreet method. Most of the time, the husband won't allow it, afraid his colleagues might find out and think he is less of a man for it. Sharon asked me to have this talk with you to make sure you're okay. She hated not asking you in advance but feared you'd say no to her," she stated, looking for my reaction.
I smiled and said, "It's fine, Mom. I like Sharon, and I'm glad she's happy now. It was quite a workout last week, though."
"No details, Sam. A mother doesn't want to know those kinds of things," she laughed, breaking the tension.
She pulled back, and we went to change for another day of work in the garden. Aunt Rachel arrived mid-morning to help out. Several times Mom caught me staring at my aunt, bending over and displaying her ample cleavage. My face reddened, realizing I wasn't that sneaky, but Mom only smirked and continued to work. We ate at home, Rachel leaving right after.
After our showers, we relaxed on the couch, watching TV before retiring for the night. Mom draped her arm around me and stroked my upper arm again as she did in the morning. She moved my arm to do the same while we enjoyed the moment, massaging and bonding together. Her skin was smooth and soft. I could have remained there for the rest of the night. I gently squeezed her arm several times after she did it to me.
We were ready to call it a night when she looked over at me and said, "I enjoyed the time we spent together during the weekend. It was fun working and playing together again. I've missed your company more than I thought I would when you were at school."
I replied, "I always enjoy working in the garden with you and Aunt Rachel. It's going to be a bummer having to look for another job tomorrow." I secretly wondered if she had any more hot friends needing help.
As if she read my mind, Mom said, "Sharon told me some of her friends are jealous of her now," her eyes locked with mine. "You know, there is a way you can spend more time with me this summer and still earn money."
Observing my clueless look, she disclosed her plan. "Sharon says her friends would be willing to pay for the same service. It wouldn't take long, and you could spend more time here with Rachel and me."
Now it hit me. Mom wanted me to impregnate Sharon's friends. Trying to hide my excitement, I responded, "Gee, Mom, you want to pimp out your son? That doesn't sound legal."
Squeezing my arm harder, she replied. "Not pimping. It isn't sex. You'd be inseminating desperate women. We would provide a service they need; they're willing to pay well for it."
"Umm, Mom. You do realize sex is part of it, don't you? How about the legality of it? What if they want to come after me for child support or something?"
She explained the process in length. She assured me these women had no intention or desire to establish a relationship with me. They didn't even want to see my face during the process. It wouldn't be lovemaking; it would be a simple infusion of sperm. They required secrecy because they didn't want to involve anyone else. Sharon had a loyal attorney draw an agreement to protect both parties from further action. The women would be people we hadn't met to further cement anonymity.
The plan was well thought out. I wondered how long Mom and Sharon had been working on the details. It was hard to contain my excitement over my new summer job prospect. I replied, "Sure, Mom. I'll do it. Giving me more time to help around here will be nice."
"Great, Sam. I'm taking off work this week to spend more time together," she informed me, returning to the smooth-stroking on my upper arm.
*****
Sleep once again came easy, dreaming of my new summer job. Awakening early, I waited for Mom to show up for breakfast. She was late. I feared she'd sleep in since she took the week off. I was ready to return to my room when I heard her door open and close.
She kissed my neck and started the coffee machine. She wore a dark green and sleeveless nightie, which revealed a small strip of thigh meat while she glided around the kitchen. The other difference was that she didn't change, staying to prepare breakfast.
Once the food was ready, she served us and sat opposite me. Her new nightie had a thin gap in front which displayed a small amount of cleavage. I openly stared at the exposed flesh of the insides of her full breasts. She continued to eat as if nothing had changed. My prick was rock-hard through the meal. I barely heard her talk to me concerning the day's events.
"Sam! Did you hear me? I said I'm going to Sharon's for a while to work out the details," Mom said, breaking me out of my trance.
"Sorry, Mom. I was thinking about working in the yard," I lied.
As soon as we finished and I spotted her car going down the road, I was already stroking my prick, quickly cumming to the vision of my mother's sexy body. I worked in the garden, and Mom showed up several hours later. We ate and decided to go to the movies with Rachel in the afternoon. It was a pleasant day, but my thoughts centered on what she and Sharon had discussed today.
My aunt left for her house afterward, leaving Mom and me on the couch again.
Capturing my gaze, Mom said, "I met with a client at Sharon's and made arrangements for us to rendezvous tomorrow. Our client will show up here while you wait in your room. I won't introduce you to her. They don't want to be able to recognize you if they happen to see you later. I'll prepare her for the procedure. She'll be on my bed, covered with a sheet. Your job is to uncover her far enough to conduct your business. The client won't expose her face nor talk to you."
I nodded to acknowledge my instructions. Concerned whether I'd be able to get hard without any foreplay, I rebuked, "I don't know, Mom. No kissing, no talking, and slight touching. I don't know if I'll be able to perform with those restrictions."
Silent for a moment, thinking over what I said, she replied, "It might be a challenge. I'll let them know you may have to caress their legs to advance things, and you can talk to them if it helps. They won't respond to anything you say. They desire a successful outcome, so I'm sure they'll be tolerant for whatever it takes."
*****
Mom was once again clad in her green nightie while we ate breakfast. I went to my room to await the call for my services. I didn't change out of my robe, keeping my thoughts on anything but Mom. I didn't want to blow off a load prematurely. I heard a car pull up, and soon after, muffled voices drifted up from downstairs. Mom was preparing our client. Hearing a light knock on my door, I opened it to see Mom still clad in her nightie.
Seeing my surprised look, she explained, "Don't be alarmed, Sam. My style of dress makes for a more relaxed atmosphere for the clients."
I wasn't about to complain; I wouldn't mind if she wore it all day. She stroked my upper arms, holding me. I did the same, relishing in the texture of her smooth, soft skin. She asked, "Honey, we didn't talk about payment and how much you'd like after expenses."
"Mom, keep whatever you get," I replied. "You're putting me through college. You deserve it, and I don't need any money. You take care of everything as it is."
She smiled and pressed her thinly covered body to mine in a tight hug. I felt her braless tits squash my robe-covered chest while we stroked each other's arms. I quickly hardened and released her before it became too obvious. She smiled and told me to wait a few minutes before coming down. Apprehension swept through me while I anxiously waited to start my new summer job.
I nervously ventured downstairs to Mom's bedroom, closing the door behind me. I removed my robe, my prick already softening from the pressure of the situation. A silk sheet was attached to Mom's headboard, covering the woman's body to her feet.
Her breasts pushed up the sheet as well as her pelvic bones. I walked up close and moved the covering up, exposing her legs below her knees. They were a deep brown, not from her race, but from suntanning. This woman was a sun worshiper. Her legs were closed together, and her muscles tensed when I ran my hands up and down her lower legs.
Her skin felt tough, leathery, and dry from the damaging sun. Seeing her nervous state, I quietly spoke to her, attempting to ease her stress. I moved the sheet up further, stroking her upper legs and thighs. Her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was so uneasy that I was afraid we would have to cancel.
I was entirely soft as my mind raced to try to think of how to proceed to put this woman more at ease. Suddenly it hit me. She loved to bask in the sun and was probably proud of her tan.
While gently massaging her legs, I said, "Your legs are a beautiful shade of deep brown and really sexy." Feeling her muscles relax, I continued, "Imagine that you're tanning in the sun. You feel the warm sun rays hitting your skin." Her fingers relaxed while she escaped to her happy place.
While I stroked her thighs, I said, "Pretend that my hands are yours, spreading oil on your legs." It worked; her thoughts shifted to a more pleasant environment when she spread her legs apart a few more inches. Gently, I uncovered her pussy. A pillow was under her lower back, elevating her hips. I wasn't sure if this was part of the procedure to hold in my sperm or if it was to help me penetrate the woman without having to lie on top of her.
Her mound was smooth except for a landing patch above her slit. I could see a lighter tone of skin where she had worn a bikini bottom for much of the time she was in the sun. I slowly ran my fingers up and down her slit. Her legs were still too tight together to allow me to enter. My best chance would be to put her at ease in the setting she felt most comfortable.
"Your tan is unbelievable, perfectly toned and even," I told her, stroking her inner thighs. "Imagine you're soaking in the rays, relaxed and sexy."
Her body softened as she opened her thighs wider, allowing more access to her slit. She responded as I had hoped. Pressing on with the scene, I continued, "You must tan in your backyard, but you have to put on your bottoms when friends or a delivery man shows up."
Her hips excitedly moved while I proceeded with the fantasy. "I wish I was the lucky delivery man, coming in the yard and seeing a tanned, sexy, nude woman on display."
Moisture appeared on her slit, her fantasies overcoming her nervousness. "You need to be cautious when suntanning nude, not knowing when a friend or a family member will arrive unannounced."
Her body twitched when I said a family member. I was narrowing in on one of her hidden fantasies. "Your daughter might see you and get embarrassed seeing her nude mother. Or maybe even your son."
Her hips involuntarily bounced when I mentioned her son. I quickly formed a plan on how to proceed. I stroked her wet slit while she mulled over what I said. I hardened, knowing this woman was mentally fantasizing about her son.
"I can visualize how it might happen. One day you're tanning nude when you hear the phone ring in the house. You're slow to answer it, and the recorder is already on. You hear your son talking, and you're about to pick it up when you stop and let the answering machine take the call. He explains that he's getting off work and will be home earlier than normal. Thinking you're visiting friends, he tells you he's going to get some sun until you get back."
She opened her legs wider while I talked her through the incestuous fantasy. I alternated from stroking her thighs to caressing her engorged cunt lips. "You know why your son called. He lives at home, unable to afford his own place after graduation. He came home early once and caught you sunbathing nude. He yelled out in surprise, and when you looked up, he ran back inside. After you put your suit on, you went in to see him, carefully avoiding any discussion concerning the incident. His face was red, but more importantly, his pants bulged out. Your son's prick was rock-hard from looking at his beautiful, naked mother."
She moved her hands and cupped her ass cheeks, massaging them, raising her pelvic area to my exploring hands. She heated up with my fantasy. My manhood was at full attention, living out her mother-son seduction.
"You know what you should do as a good mother. Wearing your suit would be the proper course of action so you wouldn't embarrass him again. He doesn't think you're home, assuming you're out. Your excited, throbbing cunt overrides any sensible thoughts. You get up and move the lounge so your horny, motherly pussy will be on full display when he exits the door. Hearing his car pull in the drive, you position yourself and spread your legs to put on a show for your son. Your dark sunglasses prevent him from seeing you looking as if you're asleep."
Bringing her knees up, she spread her legs wide, opening her glistening groove as her fantasy unfolded. I massaged her pussy and the lightly tanned area surrounding her fiery hole. Her pale skin was much smoother and reminded me of Mom's arm when I stroked it.
Continuing with my story, I described, "You hear the patio door slide open and see him through your shades. He's wearing trunks and ready to sunbathe when he suddenly stops and stares at your nude body. He softly calls out your name, not loud enough to wake you but enough to see if you're sleeping. You remain silent. He advances closer, unable to take his eyes off your pussy. He pulls his trunks down, and you see your son's hard prick for the first time since he was a child. It's bigger than you imagined and rock-hard from staring at his mother's bare pussy."
She thrashed her hips while she visualized her aroused son standing before her. Her hands went to my back and stroked up and down. Inserting two fingers into her wet cunt, I slowly slithered them in and out of her leaking pussy.
"Your son slowly strokes his hard cock while staring at his mom's open gash. He cups his balls for a couple of strokes before proceeding back up to the head."
She moved her hands from my back to firmly wrap them around my prick. She followed the act I described her son was doing. She lightly squeezed my balls while pumping my slick shaft, twisting my fat, bulbous head on the upstroke. Both of us leaked love juices while we enacted our fantasy.
"You sense him move closer to the lounge. Your son's forbidden prick is dangerously close to your open pussy. He calls your name again, gaining confidence when you groan and moan, thinking you're dreaming. You murmur his name and hump your hips up as if you're fucking him in your sleep state. You hoarsely whisper your fantasy of how much you've yearned to have his hard prick jammed up your horny pussy."
Her hands left my prick and went to hold my sides. She gripped tightly, anticipating the moment her son fucked her. I closed the gap between us and ran my slippery, engorged head around the mouth of her pussy. She bucked up, capturing and pulling my prick into her hungry canal.
"Your son is hard as a rock now and couldn't pull out if he wanted to. He didn't want it to go this far, but mistakenly his prick entered his mother's sacred slot. Even though he thinks you're still asleep, he tells you he's sorry and asks for forgiveness. He's wanted to do this for a long time and can no longer deny himself. Proclaiming his love for you, he slides his hard cock into your horny pussy."
I fed my prick into her tight sheath. Her lubricated channel allowed me to push in until my balls hit her ass. I pulled back and plowed in again. She gasped for air under the sheet. I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, elevating our passions. She humped and gyrated her hips, fully immersed in her incestuous fantasy.
Squeezing my waist hard, she pulled me in tight on each downstroke. I had already exceeded Mom's restrictions but decided to push the limit. My hands crept under the sheet, approaching her breasts. It was time to change my role-playing technique to be more personal.
"Oh, Mom! Your pussy is hot and tight. I've dreamed of this for years. I have to hold your tits. They're magnificent; I love you more than you know," I choked out. I cupped her meaty mounds, massaging her full globes while my cock pounded her pussy. Her head turned side-to-side under the sheet while her moaning grew louder.
Too many times, I had fantasized I was fucking my mother with my girlfriends but was careful not to call out my Mother's name nor exclaim the lustful feelings I harbored for my mother. Able to fully enact my fantasy, I fucked her furiously because she was my mother in my mind.
I captured her blood-engorged nipples between my fingers, tweaking and pulling her sensitive buds. We were both excited about the enactment, unable to last much longer. Her pussy quivered, humping up each stroke to pull me in as deep as possible.
"Oh, Mommy. I'm going to cum. I'm ready to blow my load. I don't think I can hold out any longer. I don't know if you're on protection; maybe I should pull out and ...,"
She wouldn't allow me to finish my fake dialogue. She grabbed my asscheeks and pulled me in as tight as she could. I screamed, "Mommy, I'm cumming in you. I'm filling your pussy with my sperm."
Streams of cum shot out the end of my prick into her welcoming hole. She came violently on my second release. Our mutual orgasms intensified our passions while we fucked as mother and son. I kept my prick embedded in her clasping cunt for several minutes after we finished. When I finally softened, I pulled out. Reaching down, I stuffed my fingers into her hole, attempting to cram as much sperm into her as possible.
"That's a giant load of cum in you, Mom. I imagine my sperm are fighting over your eggs from our first incestuous fuck. I'm so lucky to have such a hot mother," I croaked, slowly pulling my fingers out. She closed her legs tight, trapping my fingers in her filled pussy. It was her silent approval.
Backing off, I pulled the sheet down to cover her. Slipping on my robe, I wondered whether this would be my last job since I disobeyed several of Mom's rules. After returning to my room, I jumped in the shower. I heard Mom's bedroom door click open and close while washing off the smell of sex.
While drying off, our client's car left. When I met Mom downstairs, she wore work clothes. She smiled and said, "Let's work on the garden. It's a beautiful day."
She didn't mention my performance while toiling in the soil, both of us pretending my mother hadn't just set me up to fuck a woman.
After dinner, she sat by me on the couch and wrapped her arm around me. I did the same, and we stroked each other's upper arms while watching a comedy. She broke the silence, asking, "How'd it go this morning? Do we need to modify any of the procedures?"
"It was nearly a disaster. It was more difficult than I thought to perform without any foreplay," I replied.
She showed her dismay, hugging me tightly in consolation.
After languishing in the hug for a minute, I continued, "Caressing her legs didn't help much. Her skin was tough and leathery from tanning long hours in the sun; not very sexy. I think she was nearly your age, but I bet she looks at least ten years older."
Mom exclaimed, "Wow! You're good at guessing ages. She is my age, and I noticed the sun's effect on her. It's a shame women don't realize the damage the sun can do. So you were able to proceed anyway?"
Squeezing and caressing her upper arm, I said, "Yea, I had to visualize smoother skin when I touched her."
My mom's hand squeezed mine, shrieking, "You thought of your mother when you were with her?"
"No, Mom. That would be weird, just the feel of your skin. It's so smooth and soft, and I had to do something, or I wouldn't have been able to proceed," I replied. She exhaled and released her hand from mine, allowing me to continue caressing her arm.
"I did put you up to this, and if it helped the process, I can't complain," she acquiesced.
"I hope she was happy with the results. I did the best I could," I cautioned, looking to Mom to gauge her reaction.
She replied, "I told her I didn't want any details, but she said that you performed well and stayed within our preset boundaries. She thought you were sweet, and your soothing conversation put her at ease. She was quite pleased; I believe our first case was a complete success."
Thankfully, she changed subjects as I was getting hard, reliving the time spent with our first client. I was glad the woman hadn't revealed the fantasy we enacted. Relaying too much information to Mom didn't seem like a great idea. I wondered if the woman had already fucked her son or even had one. If so, he might be in for quite a surprise.
*****
My aunt arrived around noon the next day to help us in the garden. Mom excused herself for an errand, leaving Rachel and me to finish work. It provided the perfect opportunity to leer at my aunt without the threat of Mom catching me. Mom was back in time for dinner. We ate, and Rachel left for home. Mom and I retired to our rooms early after a long day of work.
During breakfast, Mom wore a short, pink nightie. The entire lengths of her luscious thighs were bare. When she shifted, a flash of dark red panties peeked out. After we ate and cleaned up, Mom stopped next to me on her way to her bedroom. She turned to display a perfect view of the backs of her legs. She quietly asked, "Sam, could you do me a favor? Could you see if I have any cellulite on my legs? It happens to many women, and I want to know if there are any signs."
Before this, I had been stealing looks at her luscious legs. I couldn't believe my luck that she had permitted me to gawk at her shapely bare legs. Taking my time, I surveyed up and down her smooth, toned legs. Her nightie barely covered her panties, allowing me to see all of her creamy thighs. Rapidly breathing, I stuttered, "No sign of anything, Mom. Your legs are very smooth, fantastic looking, and incredibly sexy."
"Thank you, Sam. Although, I'm not sure you should be complimenting your mother's legs in that manner," she said with a smirk. "I'm just worried cellulite will ruin my appearance. I am getting near that awful age," she added, referring to her closing in on forty.
"Mom, there's nothing wrong with your legs, and even if there were, you're still a beautiful and sexy woman," I complimented her and blushed, surprised at my bold remark.
She turned to face me and smiled, seeing my flushed state. "Thanks, Sam. Let's get dressed and do some yard work."
We met in the garden and worked for a few hours. At three in the afternoon, I asked," Mom. Is Aunt Rachel coming over to help?"
She hesitated as if making up a story. Finally, she explained, "No, not today. I had to lie and tell her we were busy tonight. I scheduled an appointment with a new client. I met her yesterday and scheduled her for today at four. I hope it's okay with you."
Taken aback by her announcement, I hesitated, but not long enough for Mom to continue. I replied, "Sure, Mom; It's fine. I have to clean up first. I'll head in and wait for you in my room."
After my shower, it didn't take long before a car pulled up. I heard the door and muffled talking while they walked down the hall to Mom's room. Soon after, I heard a soft knock on my door. I let Mom in and immediately smiled, seeing her dressed in her short, pink nightie. She told me our client was ready and hugged me tightly. I pressed my face against her neck, breathing in her natural scent, which I'd come to love.
She held my hands with hers and guided them to the backs of her thighs above her knees. Leaning close to my ear, she whispered, "Sam, could you feel my legs to see if you can detect any cellulite? You said you couldn't see any, but maybe you can make sure."
It was an incredible moment. It was one thing to admire my mother's legs, quite another to caress them. My hands slowly ran up the backs of her smooth, firm flesh, relishing the feel. My cock hardened fully and uncomfortably lodged between us. When my fingers brushed against her panties, I moved back down. I explored her legs again, stopping to squeeze her succulent flesh when I neared her ass. Her hot breath washed over my neck when I groped her thighs. Moving up, I started to cup her ass when she grabbed my hands and pulled me away.
She smiled and said, "Careful honey, that's not my legs. Did you find anything unusual?"
I replied, "No, Mom. They're terrific. No sign of any cellulite. In fact, they're the best legs I've ever felt."
"Oh, stop it," she giggled.
She stepped back, signaling it was time for my services. When she turned to leave, I lustfully leered at the beautiful legs I had caressed minutes earlier. After a few moments, I proceeded down the stairs to take care of the next client.
As soon as I entered Mom's room, I dropped my robe. Approaching our covered client, I slowly moved the sheet up. I left her pussy covered while I stroked her legs, hoping to relax her in this uncomfortable setting. Her skin was smooth like Mom's, and she looked like she might be five years older.
I stroked her legs, and when I ran my hands up to the back of her thighs, I felt the dimples. It was cellulite, and I thought of when Mom asked me to look and feel her legs for the signs. It became clear that Mom was determined to help me through each client. I told her she had helped me on the first one, so she had taken it upon herself to assist me. She had interviewed the woman the previous day and noticed the cellulite.
I didn't dwell on her dimpled skin, not wanting to cause concern for the poor woman. She was probably already self-conscious, and I didn't want to add to her apprehension. After a few minutes of caressing and praising her legs, I felt her relax. I seized the moment and shoved the sheet above her waist, exposing her pussy.
No sign of hair to distract from her puffy, clean-shaven pussy. It was her best trait, and I think she knew it. I ran my fingers up and down her fat lips while complimenting her on her slick, smooth pussy. She spread her legs, relaxing while I played with her treasure. I inserted a couple of fingers into her hot hole and discovered it was steamy and wet. She massaged my fingers expertly with her tight sheath.
I pulled my fingers out, even as she attempted to hold them with her muscled pussy. I stroked her thighs again, thinking of the vision of Mom's displayed bare legs. That was enough to bring me fully hard. Crawling up closer, I scraped my prick along her thighs, making my way to my target. She spread her legs wide, giving me complete access to her hungry, oily cavern.
Pushing my engorged head through her outer lips, her pussy clamped down hard, pulling my shaft in without my help. Her sucking snatch devoured my prick, pulling me to the bottom. I fucked her steady for several minutes, reveling in her experience of cock handling. Her pussy walls contracted at different times of my strokes, enabling her to rub my hard prick against her sensitive spots. Her hips moved in sync with her pussy as she took over the direction of the fucking.
I held onto her waist, squeezing her firm skin, holding on tight while she thrashed beneath me. Her skin reminded me of Mom's, and my mind flashed to the times I had stroked Mom's arms. My prick was hard as steel, getting a workout it had rarely experienced. Sensing I was nearing my climax, I shoved it in deep and held it there, letting it soak in an attempt to prolong my orgasm. Her pussy massaged my prick, and it felt like her hand was stroking me.
I paused my pumping, enjoying the moment. Images of my Mom's legs flashed before me. My fingers roamed across the waist of the woman fucking me while I relived the moment I caressed Mom's legs. Harder contractions on my prick brought me back from my fantasy. To my surprise, sperm gushed from my stem.
It was a first for me, cumming without stroking. I pulled back and shoved in hard, shooting the last of my load deep into the client's spasming cunt. Her pulsating walls milked out every drop of virile sperm from my balls. After I had spilled my entire load and was embedded deep in her pussy, she continued to massage my prick.
I softened, pulled out, and stopped to look at her beautiful gash one final time before covering her with the sheet. Leaving the room exhausted, I headed upstairs. I plopped down on my bed after taking a shower. I rested and nearly fell asleep when I heard her car leave.
The smell of cooking brought me downstairs, where I found Mom preparing dinner. We ate, and afterward, when we settled on the couch, she brought up the subject of my performance. "Sam, our latest client praised you as much as our first one. Excellent job!"
I was surprised as I felt I didn't do much to excite her. Maybe that was what turned the woman on, controlling the coupling.
With a concerned look, she asked, "Sam, did you have any problems this time?"
"No problems, Mom. Thanks to you, the cellulite didn't bother me," I assured her.
She blushed, smiled, and said, "Glad to help, honey. I wanted to make it easier for you."
Switching topics, we talked while watching TV for an hour when Mom turned and locked eyes with me.
"Sam, I hope you don't mind, but I made another appointment tomorrow morning at ten."
Trying to contain my excitement, I replied, "No problem, then we can do some things in the afternoon and go out for dinner. I guess you and Sharon must have interviewed more than one client yesterday."
"At least two," she confirmed, leaving for her bedroom. I wondered how many more she had lined up for me.
*****
Neither of us said much at breakfast. Mom wore a white nightie I'd never seen before. The material was opaque, and I could tell she had on a bra. It was longer than her other selections, going below her knees. It dawned on me that Mom had worn different negligees for each client. Did color have anything to do with it? Suddenly it hit me; it was the style, not color. The green one exposed her arms so I could stroke her smooth skin. The pink one was short, allowing me to feel her thighs. What did this white one signify? I wouldn't know the reason until she retrieved me for our guest. It was after nine when I excused myself to wait in my room.
I was lost in thought and didn't hear a car or any sounds from downstairs until soft knocking brought me out of my daydreaming. Mom knocked and entered, hugging me tight, nestling her mouth on my neck. Mom's scented hair and the pressure of her body against mine convinced my prick to rise to the occasion. She pulled back, leaving us face-to-face, and whispered, "Good luck, Sam."
She pressed her lips against mine and kissed me, keeping her mouth closed. Air rushed in and out of her nostrils. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue across my lips. Ready to stick my tongue out to meet hers, she pulled back, smiling. Was that lust in her eyes, or was it teasing?
After she left, I made my journey to our next client. Still hard from Mom's kiss, I gave myself a quick stroke while surveying the sheet-covered woman on Mom's bed. I could tell she was younger from the perky breasts pushing up the fabric, showing no sign of sagging. I moved the covering up to her knees, revealing her lower legs.
They were smooth looking and milky-white. I don't think the sun's rays had ever touched her legs, and when I caressed her, goosebumps appeared. The poor woman was nervous and would require some patience on my part. I lightly stroked up and down her lower legs, quietly talking to her. "Your skin is lovely. We'll go as slow as you want. I'll do whatever it takes to make our time together enjoyable." She relaxed while I continued to caress her smooth and sexy legs.
When it looked like she was comfortable, I pushed the sheet up to reveal her upper legs. I didn't want to go too fast, leaving her pussy hidden beneath the sheet. White, luscious thighs appeared before me. Perhaps the best-looking legs I've seen, other than my mother's. I sensuously stroked her thighs while keeping up with my quiet dialogue about her beauty. She opened her legs several inches.
Her white skin exalted purity. My arousal increased when I ran my hands up and down her smooth white thighs. Sun had never seen her skin as well as any other person in public, as it was evident she had fully covered herself. It was a special connection between us, and it excited me, knowing I was the only one to witness her hidden beauty. Snow White came to mind, and I made a mental note to refer to her like that in the future.
Leaning down, I kissed one of her luscious thighs, allowing my lips to linger against her soft skin. I inhaled her intoxicating natural scent and was glad she hadn't put on any perfume.
Opening my mouth, I sucked in a mouthful of delicious thigh meat. Unlike the other clients, thoughts of Mom didn't materialize while I continued to relish in her beauty. I heard a muffled groan from under the sheet when I munched on her thigh, her legs opening wider. While I paid homage to one leg, I massaged the other with my roaming hand. Pulling myself off her thigh was hard, but I was anxious to continue. I pushed the sheet up above her waist revealing a full, black, hairy bush.
It was a striking contrast to her lily white skin. Trimmed into a perfect triangle and uniform height, I could tell she had spent time grooming her mound. I ran my fingers through her silky forest and said, "Your pussy is beautiful. The deep, rich color of your hair against your smooth, white skin turns me on." My fingers gripped a tuft of fur on both sides of her slit and teasingly pulled up, opening her moist slit.
Running my fingers up and down her aroused pussy lips resulted in more groans of pleasure. When I inserted two fingers into her slot, she brought her knees up and spread her legs wide, allowing full access. Her excitement grew while I finger fucked her at an increasing rate. Using my other hand to spread her puffy lips, I exposed her meaty pussy while furiously finger fucking her. She was ready for a hot prick, but I hesitated. This woman was too sexy and beautiful to pass up, and I intended to enjoy this session thoroughly.
She panted, and her breasts heaved while I watched her taut nipples pushing up the sheet. When I lowered my mouth to engulf her clit, I drove two more fingers into her hot, wet cunt. Her hips rose when she climaxed. Shifting my mouth down to capture her copious cum flowing out, I removed my fingers, locking my mouth on her convulsing pussy. She came several times and then lowered her hips afterward to relax. I eased off and gently stroked her thighs, reassuring her as she recovered.
Her smooth, white belly beckoned to my lustful eyes. I ran my hands around her midriff, shoving the sheet above her perky tits. Dark-brown nipples capped her milky-white mounds. Cupping and squeezing her spongy breasts brought life back to her spent body.
When I twisted and squeezed her engorged nipples, more moans escaped from my covered Snow White. I lowered my body to her soft flesh to feast on an engorged teat. While I sucked her nub, her hands grasped the back of my head and pulled me tight against her firm breasts. One of her hands stroked my back while I sucked on one and then her other tit.
My arousal was sky-high, and I feared I might spill my load before entering her. Keeping my mouth locked on her breast, I pressed my prick into her juicy, open cunt. Her hips shifted to accept the stiff prick she craved. I shoved my fat head through her entrance, slowly entering her wet pussy. Her tight walls stretched while I descended. I slowed my pace, allowing her to adjust to my size. Her hand lowered from my back to my ass, pulling and coaxing me to fuck her hard. I pistoned in and out of her tight pussy in short strokes, not wanting to hurt her by sinking to the bottom.
Her pussy flooded, and her pussy juices coated my prick when her walls relaxed and gave way to my steel-hard intruder. Sinking to the bottom of her hungry pussy brought out a groan while she expelled the air from her lungs. I fucked her hard and fast, still feasting on her sensitive tits. Wrapping her legs around my waist and squeezing hard, she humped up each stroke, maximizing my depth. My spongy head flattened out when it collided against her back wall, causing her to groan and moan in pleasure.
Her pussy clamped down on my prick with her intense climax. I came on her second contraction, filling her cavern with streams of hot cum. After my balls drained, I still humped her, unwilling to allow the fuck to end. Lowering her hips to the bed, she unwrapped her legs and relaxed completely. I released her nipple, resting my head on her chest. Her deep breathing soothed me while we recovered from our intense coupling.
Mom kissing me was from the fact this woman showed no skin. Mom had no way of spotting any problems. That's why she wore the white nightie, which revealed very little of her body. Guessing our client's age to be mid-twenties, I was surprised she couldn't find a husband to bear children. She was a passionate and sexy woman. A facial disfigurement would explain a lot, or maybe she didn't want a complicated relationship. Mom and Rachel held the same view, which I suspected might not be rare.
I reluctantly pulled away, pausing for several minutes to admire her. I leaned down, kissed her nipples, and croaked, "Thank you for making love with me. I've never been with such a beautiful or sexy woman. You're unbelievable, and I've enjoyed every second I've spent with you."
I inwardly chuckled at how easy it was to expose my feelings to a woman that couldn't talk back with their face covered. I wished it was that simple to tell Mom my true feelings. Reluctantly, I rose and left for my room.
After showering and resting for an hour, I dressed and went downstairs, where Mom was preparing lunch. Mom didn't wait until evening to question me on my encounter, asking, "How'd it go this morning? You were in there longer than normal. Did you have any problems?"
"No, everything went fine. Thanks for asking. Other than being younger than our previous clients, I thought it went well," I commented while waiting for any expression from her that might give me a clue.
"It was hard to tell her age because of her perfect complexion, but I'd say she was in her twenties. She was pleased with our arrangement and even gave us a hefty bonus. She didn't provide a reason. Do you know why?"
I could see, from her questioning look, she wanted more information. I decided against telling her that maybe it was because our fuck was intense, and I made her cum twice before filling her. "No idea. Maybe she liked that we were discreet and protective of her privacy."
Her eyes were deep in thought, probably mulling over the fact the woman had been completely covered, showing little of her body. Her expression switched into understanding when she echoed, "Yes, you're right. She was a secretive young lady."
Satisfied with our discussion, she changed topics while we finished lunch. She informed me Rachel was coming over later to go with us to see a short film at the theater and then out to eat. I had fully recovered by the time Rachel showed up, and I had the age-old problem of shifting my prick to avoid detection. After dinner, my aunt headed home. Shortly after, I excused myself to retire to my room. I was exhausted from the full day of activities. While I climbed the stairs, Mom said, "Rest up, Sam. We have two appointments tomorrow."
I turned to reply, unsure of how to ask her how far apart my sessions would be when she spoke to ease my anxiety. "Don't worry, Sam. One is for ten tomorrow morning, and the other can't make it until eight at night. Plenty of time for you to recover."
Seeing my look of relief, she smiled and left. I wondered how many women she and Sharon had interviewed. I didn't complain, enjoying the best summer job ever. Sleep was good that night as I relived the time spent with Snow White. That was the first instance I hadn't thought of Mom when I climaxed. I thought maybe I was getting over my infatuation with my sexy mother.
*****
Those thoughts quickly dissipated, my prick staying hard through breakfast. Mom paraded around cloaked in another new nightie. Black in color, her hemline ended at mid-thigh. It was a heavier material, but I could tell she was braless, her nipples pushing out the top. I tried to figure out the significance of her attire. Her tits sticking out was the most obvious sign. She usually gave more of a clue when she fetched me for our client; I'd have to wait.
After I helped clean the kitchen, I retreated to my room to wait for our next client. I left my door ajar, allowing Mom to enter without knocking first. I sat on the edge of my bed, thinking about my time with Snow White. My prick rose out of the gap in my robe, exposing my fat, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed from the slit. I firmly gripped my bulbous head and twisted it like I was opening a doorknob, coating it with my juices. I released it, and the cool air felt good, attempting to dry my wet tip.
Lost in thought, I didn't hear Mom come up the stairs or enter my room. Jolted back to reality from Mom's voice, I heard her say, "Sweetie, I have another concern ..."
She stopped suddenly, staring at my hard prick proudly standing straight up out of my robe. The large helmeted head was filled with blood and still shiny with my slick juices. I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. I should have been more careful."
Still staring at my large, wet head, she murmured, "It's been a long time since I've seen that. I didn't realize it was so b..." She abruptly stopped, realizing she was commenting on her son's big prick.
Seeing her face turn red and flustered, I frantically searched for a way to help her. I blurted out the first thing I could think of that started with a 'B' and exclaimed, "Beautiful? You did have something to do with its creation, so of course, you'd think that." I smiled, trying to ease the tension while closing my robe to hide my erection.
In her uneasiness, she had folded her arms across her stomach, causing her nightie to pull tighter against her body. Her taut, engorged nipples pressed against the thin material. Her pointy teats held my attention while she strolled over to me for our ritual hug. Standing up, I hugged her tightly. She pressed close to me, attempting to make contact with the hard cock she had seen.
Bathing my ear with her hot breath, Mom whispered, "I'm afraid as I get older that I'm getting a lot less sexy. I'd like your opinion on another one of my concerns."
She guided my hands to the backs of her thighs under her nightie. She moved our joined hands upward, and when they landed on her bare cheeks, she asked, "Honey, do you think I'm losing my ass? I know older women tend to get a flat ass. I'm worried that I'm heading in that direction."
She released her hands while I cupped and gently squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I couldn't believe my luck; my hands held Mom's firm buns. My fingers spread out, dipping into the deep crevice between her cheeks, squeezing while advancing.
Mom's soft breasts filled and pressed into me when she sucked in a deep breath of air. My hard prick, trapped between our bodies, throbbed in agreement with my delight. Knowing her pussy was inches away, I contemplated exploring further, seeking her prize. As quick as the thought entered, Mom removed my hands off her buns, asking, "What do you think? Am I too far gone?".
"Mom, you have no worries. You have a perfect ass, if I may be so blunt," I huskily assured her.
She pulled back, hesitating while digesting my comment. She turned to leave and whispered, "Thanks, Sam. Good luck on today's client."
What was the help she was demonstrating this time? Full tits squashed against me or something related to her firm ass? My mind remained on Mom's bottom while I uncovered our latest client. I decided to push the sheet up in one motion today, revealing her legs and pussy at once. She had a thin, petite form and was near my aunt's age. A narrow patch of blonde hair was above her slit. Caressing her thighs and skinny waist relaxed her enough to open her legs, revealing an already wet slit. Her pelvic area was small, and I wondered how a baby would be able to emerge.
Full rounded breasts pushed the sheet up, maintaining their perfect shape. The client's perfect tits didn't match the rest of her body, drawing me to conclude this was someone's trophy wife. Natural blonde, artificially endowed boobs, and a skinny body type were the perfect attributes for an older businessman to brag to his buddies. Her proud tits reminded me of when Mom pressed her breasts into me. That must have been her hint. Maybe Mom thought augmented breasts would gross me out.
I would be happy to help the old bastard impregnate his young wife. Complimenting her skinny body is what this lady would love to hear. "I love your shapely legs and fit body. It looks like I'm the lucky recipient of experiencing how blondes have more fun."
It was enough; she fully opened her legs, revealing her tiny pussy.
Unsure if I could fuck this girl without causing her great pain, I decided to lengthen my foreplay. I ran my fingers up and down her slit while caressing her thin thighs and exposed midriff, telling her the entire time how sexy she looked. She squirmed, and her pussy was noticeably wetter when I inserted a finger into her tight canal. I finger fucked her and inserted more fingers when she loosened up. I moved closer to her wide-open legs and rubbed my wet head around the mouth of her pussy.
She humped up, attempting to lodge my prick in her cunt. I managed to pop the head beyond her lips, barely fitting in her tight vice-like sheath. Her hot pussy squeezed so tightly that it was on the verge of being painful for me. She acted as if it didn't bother her, probably used to a tight fuck. I short stroked her pussy, inching forward slowly, stretching her hole to accommodate my fat, stiff cock. Her pussy gushed juice, coating my invading prick, enabling me to advance to the bottom of her slot. Her hands stroked my back, pulling me in, encouraging me to fuck her faster.
Her tiny cunt transformed into a greedy, slick pussy, able to take the pounding my iron-hard shaft gave her. I fucked her hard while she kept coating my cock with her juices. She locked her legs around my back and humped to meet my thrusts.
I lowered my hands to her ass to get better leverage to pound her pussy when I discovered she had none. She was so skinny that fat tissue hadn't been able to accumulate. Understanding swept over me when I remembered Mom asking me to check out her ass. It was Mom's way of helping her son achieve success.
Before my prick softened from discovering her disappointing backside, I grabbed her hips and pounded in and out of this young trophy wife. I was on the verge of orgasm, and it appeared this girl wasn't close. Her breasts heaving up and down under the sheet caught my attention. She had to be proud of her prized tits. I moved my hands up under the sheet and cupped her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect, so big and firm. I love squeezing them," I croaked. The young trophy wife gyrated her hips, bouncing up and down while I fucked her. I couldn't tell if she was nearing orgasm when it hit me. Maybe there was another reason she married an older man.
I tweaked her taut, hard nipples while mauling her fake tits. The tight texture of her breasts was much like Mom's ass, and my mind went back to when I was groping Mom. Gambling, I said, "Cum for Daddy, sweetie."
Her body violently thrashed when I correctly identified her fantasy. I knew it would be much easier at that point. Thrusting hard and deep, I chanted, "I'm going to fill my girl's pussy full of sperm. You're having my baby. Cum on your Daddy's big prick, honey. Push us over the edge!"
She screamed with joy while her pussy clamped onto my erupting cock. Gooey globs of cum filled her receptive, pulsating pussy. Loud squishing noises filled the room while cum squirted out of her small cavity.
Slowing my pace, I continued to stroke to the bottom, hoping to push my virile sperm to the back of her pussy, closer to her cervix. When I softened, I stopped stroking and allowed my prick to soak in her flooded pussy. She unwrapped her legs and lowered them to the bed. Her tits rapidly heaved from the intense joining.
After I covered her tiny body, I whispered, "Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful body with me. Don't ever give up on your fantasies."
I left and met Mom in the hallway near the stairs. She smiled while shuffling by me to wrap matters up with our latest client. I didn't bother to shower since we would be working in the garden. I changed into my work clothes, making it to the backyard before Mom escorted our guest to her car. I worked on a bed hidden from the back windows to remain undetected.
Mom showed up later, and we worked together for several hours. She informed me the client was satisfied this morning and liked my style. I wasn't surprised and knew that discovering the woman's father-daughter fantasy tipped the scales.
Seeing my distant look, Mom asked, "You look concerned. Did you have any problems?"
"No problem at all. One thing though, a trophy wife won't have any problem with payment.."
Her questioning look prompted me to add, "Young, petite blonde with augmented breasts. It was pretty obvious."
She asked, "How do you know she was blonde? Did you uncover her head?"
Unsure of how to explain this to Mom, I gave her a 'duh' stare and bleated, "Damn, Mom. Hair grows in other places besides the head." It was entertaining to watch her expression while she processed the information. Her face turned beet-red when she visualized her son ogling a woman's pussy.
Changing the subject for her, I said, "There is one thing that could have been a problem, but you took care of it beforehand."
"What was that, Sam?" She was more than eager to change the conversation.
"Her ass, Mom. She had none. Thanks for taking notice and warning me."
Blushing again, she quietly quavered, "Thank you, dear. I do try to notice potential problems during my interviews. It may seem that I don't act motherly at times, but I'm trying my best to help you succeed."
Mom was uncomfortable with our conversation and quickly changed the topic to our schedule. "Take your shower," she ordered. "We're going out for dinner before our evening appointment." We cleaned up, dressed, and enjoyed each other's company at an upscale restaurant. I was fully recovered and hard through the meal, staring at my sexy mother.
Upon arriving home, I went to my room, stripped, and slipped on my robe. Leaving the door open again, I pondered whether to give Mom another display of my prick. I recalled the signals she sent out with each client and wondered what outfit or hint she'd provide. Too much longer at this job, and she'd end up with a large selection of nighties.
I thought,"Did she use the nightwear strictly for helping me with the women, or was she flirting with me? Should I confide in her and expose my feelings?"
She might have no desire for me, just motherly love. If she shared the same incestuous cravings, she would have acted on it when she came into my room with my prick sticking out of my robe. I still loved her and could deal with a non-physical relationship, but her sexy body would still provide me with fantasies. Deep in thought, I missed the sound of our client's car when I heard Mom climbing the steps.
"Sam, are you ready?" Mom asked, remaining outside my room, avoiding another embarrassing situation.
"Yes, Mom. Ready as I can be," I answered, rising from my bed. Mom entered and hugged me. She wore her blue nightie, the first one I saw her in. That threw me for a loop.
I wondered, "Did she run out of styles and have to resort to repeats? Did she know it was my favorite?"
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Unfortunately, it appeared there would be no leg or ass groping. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her while I stroked her back.
She released me, placing her hands on the side of my head to lock my eyes with hers. She pulled me tight to her moist lips, maintaining eye contact while we kissed. She opened her mouth wide enough to slide her tongue across my lips.
My tongue darted through my lips, meeting hers. Her eyes screamed lust, far beyond the motherly love kind. Our breathing rapidly increased when we kissed like no mother and son should. Regrettably, she pulled back and cooed, "Good luck. Enjoy yourself."
My gaze remained on the backs of her beautiful legs while she walked out the door. She kissed me before the session with Snow White. My prick jumped up, reminiscing the time we had spent together. Would this client be similar? Catching myself wasting precious time daydreaming, I snapped back to reality and made my way to Mom's room to meet the next client.
Her stiff nipples, pushing up the silky fabric, looked promising. Maybe this lady wouldn't be as uncomfortable as the others. I moved the sheet up to her knees and began caressing her lower legs. I guessed that the woman was in her mid-thirties and had kept in good shape. No signs of uneasiness while I stroked her hot legs. I moved my hands up under the sheet feeling her knees and upper legs. They were firm and smooth, and my hands explored every inch. I pushed the sheet up to below her pussy to admire her legs.
They were as beautiful to look at as they were to touch. I immediately recognized the shapely legs as Mom's. My mother was the woman hidden under the sheet. My prick expanded to maximum hardness. Was she testing me to ascertain whether my technique was adequate for her clients? Did she wear her blue nightie so I'd have a hint it was her? We never discussed her system of nightwear. Maybe she self-consciously wore it without realizing the significance. I wondered if she'd let me proceed partway before stopping me. Either way didn't bother me; I was going to enjoy as much of her succulent body as possible.
I began my usual routine, complimenting my client. "Your legs and thighs are some of the best I've seen. They're beautiful and so sexy." My hands advanced from her lower legs to her thighs, squeezing and caressing her meaty thighs. I wrapped my hands around them, achieving more skin contact.
She moaned from my soothing massage. I leaned down to kiss her nearest thigh while stroking her other. Her familiar scent hit me before a gush of pussy musk filled my nostrils. It elevated my lust to levels I hadn't felt before.
Releasing my mouth from her succulent thighs, I shifted upward and admired the sight of my mom's exposed flesh below her covered pussy. Moving my hands to the outside of her thighs, I gripped the sheet in both hands. My heart raced while I anticipated the first time I would look at Mom's pussy. Hearing her inhale sharply, I watched Mom's perky breasts pushing the sheet up and down. She knew her son was ready to unveil her motherly treasure and was as nervous as me. My hands slithered up the outside of her body, pushing the thin fabric up.
When I reached the middle of her flat stomach, blood flowed to my already hard prick when my mother's hairy pussy was exposed. Mom's breath was raspy and quick, realizing her son was staring at her pussy for the first time. She had trimmed the sides, leaving the middle patch intact. My gaze focused on her untamed and bushy mound. Her fat, blood-filled pussy lips were tucked in the middle of her forest of brunette fur. I ran my fingers up and down both sides of her pussy, mashing her lips together, then spreading them out, displaying a wet canal. She moaned under the sheet while I played with her pussy, my place of origin.
"Jesus, this is the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," I murmured. "Your hairy mound turns me on."
If, in fact, Mom was testing me, she would soon stop the process. I decided to show her how I treat our 'special' clients and see how serious she was to continue her charade.
"Someone as sexy and beautiful as you will receive our premium treatment. Your pussy requires much more attention than the other clients." She moaned, and her muscles tensed when she heard her son praising her motherly treasure.
Spreading her pussy apart, I lowered my mouth to her steaming snatch. When I licked up and down her sensitive pussy lips, she gasped and groaned with pleasure. My rough tongue explored higher until it found her clit. Another moan emanated from under the sheet while I mauled her sensitive nub. Her hands clenched tight but remained at her sides while I feasted on her horny pussy. I had to admit that she demonstrated a large amount of resilience to restrain herself while I pleasured her. My tongue darted into her hot canal, intensifying my attack.
Unable to contain herself, her hands flew to the back of my head, not to push me away but to pull me in harder. While my rough tongue explored her sensitive cunt walls, she grunted loudly, finally receiving the attention she had long desired from her son.
Raising her knees and capturing my head between her thighs, she squeezed tight, pulling my mouth to her starved pussy. Her body stiffened each time my tongue scraped along her sensitive walls. My face was soaked from her leaking pussy cream while she enjoyed the face-fuck from her son. Bringing her near orgasm several times, I'd ease up to let her recover. After ten minutes of teasing, I decided to escalate her to a climax.
Moving my mouth to the top of her pussy, I moved the hood of her sensitive nub to the side and captured her engorged clit. While I squeezed and rolled her most sensitive piece of flesh, I shoved three fingers deep into her hole. Her hips humped while her body tensed and shook from her long-awaited cataclysmic release. After a long guttural moan, juices erupted from her slot when she climaxed. I sucked her sweet nectar from her convulsing cunt. She humped several times into my sucking mouth while I maintained close contact.
Mom's arms and legs fell to the bed, exhausted from her incestuous climax. I pulled back to admire the prize I'd lusted after. Moving her hands up, she pulled a pillow over the top of her sheet-covered face. She must have been afraid I'd know it was her, anticipating a screaming episode when I finally entered her.
I thought, "Didn't she know I recognized her?"
She kept her face hidden, pretending to be a client. Maybe it was how she wanted the seduction to proceed, or she thought I'd finish and leave without realizing it was her. Not wanting to spoil her planned seduction, I didn't reveal that I knew she was my mother.
I caressed her thighs while she recovered from her orgasm. When I inched near her body, my hard prick bumped against her leg, leaving a trail of precum slime. The touch of my shaft on her smooth thigh resulted in a long groan, muffled by the pillow. I massaged her mound, running my fingers through her forest of soft fur.
"Your pussy is perfect. It's such a turn-on for me because your pussy is how I've fantasized my mother's would look. I love her and have wanted to stroke her pussy more than anything."
She still didn't talk but moaned and moved her hips around while I played with her hairy mound. Shifting lower, I stroked and caressed the smooth skin at the top of her legs. "And your thighs are so firm and smooth. They remind me of my mother's legs. She allowed me to touch them once. It was exciting, being able to stroke the legs of the woman I love."
I wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting them while massaging them. I spread her out wide, opening her juicy, hungry cunt. Her breasts heaved up and down under the sheet while her breathing rate increased. Her excitement grew, upon hearing her son's soothing talk. Her fingers gripped the sheets, her muscles tensing in anticipation of our incestuous liaison.
Sliding up her body, I rested my balls on top of her slimy slit and nestled my shaft on top of her soft mound. I shoved the sheet below her breasts, revealing her smooth midriff and rib cage. Caressing her hot skin, I squeezed chunks of flesh, marveling at her sexy body.
"Normally, I'm not allowed to expose your breasts, but you have me more excited than normal. I'm fantasizing you're my mom, and I've wanted to see and squeeze her breasts for a long time," I hoarsely croaked while moving the sheet up to her neck, exposing her glorious globes. They were bigger than I had imagined and topped with hard, pink nipples.
I cupped her succulent mounds, kneading and massaging them. Her breathing increased while I mauled her firm breasts. A gasp of air was released when I captured her nipples with my fingers and lightly twisted them. She humped her hips up, attempting to capture her son's cock. She wasn't playing any games now; she wanted to fuck her son.
It was a pivotal moment in our lives. To ensure Mom was willing to shed all of her inhibitions, I taunted her, "You are one horny lady, aren't you? This pussy deserves a fat cock shoved up it. I'm going to fuck you as if you were my mother."
She screeched through the pillow and widened her legs.
"Don't worry, sexy lady. I'll fuck you until your pussy gets the satisfaction it desires. And then I'll deposit a large load of sperm deep into your pussy." Delirious with excitement, I looked down to see my prick within an inch of its target. I used one hand to guide my fat head to her pussy and swished it around the mouth of her slot, smearing her slick fluids on my blood-engorged knob.
Knowing I would remember this moment forever, I didn't immediately enter her, swirling my tip around the thick lips surrounding her gaping gash. We breathed rapidly and shallowly while I prepared to return to my birth canal two decades later. I shoved until the flared bottom of my head went past her outer lips, nestled in a hot, wet oven of flesh. Her pussy contracted with a mini-orgasm while she screamed into the pillow, coating my head with slick cum.
I pulled out to admire my shiny, beet-red prick, anxious to get back into her warm interior. I pushed in further the next time, slowly parting the folds of her long unused channel. Repeating the shallow fucking, I stretched her pussy while she bathed my cock with oily cum from her mini-orgasms.
Her pelvis humped up and down, trying to swallow more of her son's hard prick. While my cock slid deeper into her tight sheath, I teased her nipples. Her velvety pussy walls surrounded my rock-hard cock while I slowly descended. Her juices copiously flowed, covering my shaft, enabling it to easily slice through her clasping cunt. My eyes locked onto my prick, sliding into my mother's pussy for the first time.
Hitting bottom, our pubic hairs meshed together, causing us to groan in unison. I remained fully embedded and whispered, "This is how I envisioned it would look if I ever fucked my mother. It feels so good. My mom gave birth to me and gifted me with a prick that would fill her pussy completely."
She was beyond groaning, more like gurgling. Her hips and thighs moved around, signaling her desire for a good, solid fuck from her son. I pulled back and slammed in hard, then again. Mesmerized by my hammering cock sliding in and out of my mother elevated my excitement level. Our freely flowing sex juices saturated our pubic hair. My prick was slathered with a white, frothy mixture of sex juices enabling it to slide effortlessly to the bottom of my mother's cunt.
Hypnotized by the erotic sight of my slick shaft stroking in and out of Mom's hot pussy, I fucked the love of my life harder than I had ever fucked anyone. Our pubic hair matched in color and mashed together on my forceful down strokes.
We neared our first mother-son climax. Mom's face remained hidden under the sheet while she clung to her fantasy of incest, her way of dealing with our sinful copulation. I lowered down and merged our sweaty bodies. Her hands wrapped around my back, hugging me tightly. Unlike our hugs in the past, there was no silk nightie separating us. Our hot, naked flesh melded together, and my excitement was at an all-time high, knowing this was my mother. My hands traveled up her back, landing on her shoulders.
Pulling me tight to her hot body, she wrapped her legs around me, attempting to fill her hungry snatch with more of her son's cock. Her pussy shivered with micro-orgasms while we fucked like rutting animals. Her hard nipples drilled into my chest. The only sounds louder than our gasping were the sloshing noises of our incestuous coupling.
Using her shoulders to pull her into me, I plunged my steel rod into her hungry pussy, smashing my spongy head against her back wall, causing my mother to gasp and groan on each stroke. I slowed my pace and allowed our excitement levels to decrease. With her hands on my back, I took the opportunity to remove the pillow from her head. She enjoyed our joining so much that she didn't even notice that only the sheet separated us now.
Moving my hands down her back, I gripped her ass cheeks, using them to increase the penetration depth of my hard drill. I fucked her hard when I leaned close to her sheet-covered head to compliment her. "You have a beautiful ass. It reminds me of my mother. She let me hold it, and I have never been so hard. I dream of fucking my mother every day. I love her but have been afraid to tell her."
She had a hard time breathing, gulping air with each stroke. Her fingernails lodged deep in my back, holding me tight. I was ready to cum, and I knew how I wanted our first mating to finish. I moved one hand to the sheet and exclaimed, "I'm ready to cum now. My balls will fill your hot pussy full of sperm like I've dreamed of doing to my mother. My fantasy fucking with my mother includes kissing her luscious mouth while I fill her with hot sperm."
I pushed the sheet up, revealing her beautiful face. Her eyes clenched shut, unaware that her face was visible, her wide-open mouth gasping for air. I lowered and kissed her moist, full lips. Our tongues battled and fought, our lust consuming us. Mom sensed my prick expanding, causing her to pull off my mouth and shriek from the intense pleasure.
I wailed, "I've wanted you for so long. Your pussy is hot and tight. I'm going to fill my mother's pussy with cum."
Mom spoke for the first time screaming, "Yes, honey! I love you! Fuck me hard and fill your horny mother full!"
We locked our mouths together while the first glob of sperm shot up the length of my prick. When it splattered Mom's insides, her walls slammed tight around my hard cock.
Her body shook while she screamed into my mouth as her body released her reservoir of endorphin, firing off her pleasure centers. I slammed in again, depositing another load of sperm in her pussy. Every muscle in her body contracted when she climaxed again, experiencing the long-anticipated fuck. Her body convulsed in pleasure while her eyes rolled back in her head, air gushing from her lungs.
I concentrated on pumping my cock in deeply through her orgasm. Suddenly, her body went limp, and her contractions stopped while I unloaded my payload of sperm. After several more strokes, I collapsed on Mom, exhausted from our first incestuous coupling.
Recovering from my sexual bliss, I noticed no movement from Mom. I rose on my elbows to look at her face and observed no signs of life. Waves of panic set in while I thought of what to do. The woman I loved was lifeless beneath me.
I tried to find a pulse in her arm but wasn't sure where to look. I pinched her nostrils and lowered my mouth to hers, attempting resuscitation. After gently blowing several breaths into her lungs, her breasts heaved, and her eyes popped open. She exhaled her air back into my mouth.
I pulled back, thankful for her recovery. Relieved that she appeared perfectly healthy, I covered her neck and face with kisses.
"Damn, Mom. I thought I killed you. You were so still that I panicked. You scared me."
Giggling, she said, "Relax, honey. I briefly passed out from my intense orgasm. I've never had one that strong. I've been craving this for so long that I couldn't control myself when I released my pent-up emotions. I've never felt so much pleasure at once."
My semi-hard prick remained lodged in her cum-filled pussy. She moved her hips in a circular motion resulting in squishing sounds from her saturated cunt.
"Looks like I was out for the best part. You filled your mother," she seductively said while she stroked my back and pulled me in for a kiss.
"Honey, you didn't call emergency and tell them to come quick because you fucked your mother to death, did you?"
I snickered and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "No, I didn't have enough time. That would have been hard to explain."
"How did you know it was me? You knew from the start, didn't you?"
"Your legs, Mom. You've been flaunting them by me forever. I have every inch of your beautiful flesh memorized. You don't know the number of times I've jerked off fantasizing about you."
"So you like your old mom's legs, do you?"
"Your legs, your ass, your tits, your tight pussy. I love your smile, your laughter, and the sexy way you walk. I am happiest when we're together. I've wanted to make love to you for a long time. You don't know how close you've come to getting raped during the last week."
"I'm sorry if I teased you the last couple of days. I wasn't sure if you had the same physical emotions for me as I did for you. I didn't want to ruin our relationship, and I had to make certain," Mom purred while gently caressing my back.
She added, "And it wouldn't have been rape. It would have been a blessing. I hoped one of my skimpy nighties would prompt you to act."
After sliding my softening prick out to move my weight off her, she quickly pulled me to her and hugged me tightly.
"Please stay with me. I want to feel your skin against mine. Let me savor the moment of my young, strong man on top of me."
While our hot bodies meshed together in post-coital bliss, we gently caressed each other's bodies. I felt her forest of cum-soaked pussy hair rubbing against my trapped, semi-hard prick. We kissed and talked for the next ten minutes during our recovery.
Her arms ran over my ass and squeezed my buns. She moved her hips in a slow sexy circular motion before humping up, increasing the pressure on my prick nestled in her wet forest. When life purged back into my spent cock, I realized how lucky I was to have such a mother committed to sexually pleasing her son. Bringing my hands to her full breasts, I caressed and massaged her meaty globes.
Mom pleaded, "Sweetie, fuck me again. I want to enjoy my son making love to me. Please?"
"I love you, Mom. I'd do anything for you. Let's make our first night together memorable. Something we'll never forget."
I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue battling hers. Moving my hands to her nipples, I tweaked and twisted her sensitive buds, elevating her excitement level.
While I played with her luscious mounds, she reached down and stroked my slick, cum-coated shaft. She pulled my large, mushroom-shaped head into the mouth of her pussy and humped up to embed my prick in her hot canal.
I slowly stroked in and out of her wet pussy, embellishing the sensations of her velvety slot. My cock experienced little friction due to the lubricating cum left over from our first coupling. Locked deep in her pussy, I rose. Raising her knees, she reached up and pulled them tight to her chest.
While I pushed her legs, my leverage increased while pounding her hungry pussy. Heavily panting, she humped up to meet my thrusts while I deep-fucked her. Her pussy found new life, squeezing my prick when I plowed in and out. I looked down at our groins, witnessing the sinfully incestuous act of a son ravaging his mother.
As if reading my mind, she yelled, "Stuff your mother's cunt with your gigantic cock. It feels like a baseball bat. Oh damn, fuck me hard!"
My cock, slathered with our cum, drilled her horny hole. Reaching down, I massaged her clit while my ram battered her hot box. She screamed in pleasure when I lightly squeezed her sensitive nub. I eased off her clit, letting her relax as I enjoyed the moment.
It was the highlight of my life, fucking my hot mother. She writhed on the bed beneath me and thrust her hips like a wild woman. Her breathing rate increased, and I wondered if she would pass out again.
Relishing in the sexual conquest of my mother increased my stimulation. Close to achieving another orgasm, I hoped I would last longer the second time, but this was my mother I was fucking. I pulled her feet back, bringing her knees to point straight up. I pushed them out to spread her pelvis wide open. I felt pressure on my prick from her pussy when I opened her up.
Holding her meaty thighs, I fucked her while she writhed in pleasure. I couldn't get enough of her smooth legs. I gripped a hunk of firm flesh and used it to pound her leaking pussy harder.
Lowering down to her body, I pressed my hard nipples onto hers as our lips met. Her mouth was open and ready. We fucked each other's mouths while we made love in the missionary position. She dug her nails in my back, signaling she was nearing orgasm again. I wrapped my arms around her to hold her tight.
"Sam. I'm ready to cum again. I love your giant, hard cock. It's driving me crazy. Fuck your mother hard. Fill me with your sticky sperm, you sweet Motherfucker!"
"God, Mom. I've waited so long for this. Your pussy is so tight and hot. I'm going to cum, Mommy!"
She hugged me and wrapped her legs around my waist, elevating her pussy to meet my powerful thrusts. Groaning in pleasure, she deeply exhaled each time my fat head slammed against the back of her cavern.
"I love you, Mom!" I screamed while I fucked her hard. Her excited state prevented her from saying anything, continuously gasping for air.
We locked mouths while we committed our forbidden, incestuous coupling. My eyes stared deep into my mother's soul through her dark-chocolate eyes. They widened when more blood surged into the head of my prick. Panting into my mouth, her pupils dilated, her back arched, and her body shook while she climaxed. I pounded deep into her pussy, my balls spewing out any milky-white fluid left in my reservoir.
Her convulsing sheath trapped my erupting prick. Her spasms coincided with my orgasms, attempting to milk out any precious sperm from my balls.
After my final release, I continued to slowly fuck her, prolonging our incestuous sin. When I softened, I started to roll off her when she again hugged me tight to her. Our eyes locked together, cementing our deep love.
Her facial expression was an afterglow of blissful joy. She kissed me gently, saying, "I love you too. Thank you, sweetie. You're the best lover ever."
We gently caressed and consoled each other, committing our forbidden relationship while we revealed our innermost desires and feelings. Our love was on a higher plateau since we'd crossed the line that most mothers and sons act out privately in their fantasies.
After an hour of holding, caressing, and talking, Mom excused herself to go to the bathroom. When she returned, I did the same. I used a warm washcloth to clean off our sticky mixture of cum. Emerging from the bathroom, I wasn't sure if I should go to my room. Mom silently answered my question, holding the covers open and inviting me into her bed. I slid in, and we hugged each other, not for sex, but for love. We parted, and Mom rested her head on my chest. While I stroked her scalp, she fell into a deep sleep. I soon followed.
*****
When I awakened, fear struck me that last night's events had been a dream. Seeing Mom next to me sound asleep was a relief. It wasn't a fantasy in my mind. I had made love to my beautiful mother. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing Mom's sexy, nude body. Her breasts slowly heaved up and down while she remained sleeping restfully. Her pink nipples weren't engorged and full of blood like the previous night. I gently stroked her smooth stomach, lightly running my fingers over her ribcage, stopping to feel it rise and fall with her deep sleeping.
My hands roamed across her smooth stomach before spreading out my fingers to run through her mound of soft fur. Without stopping, I continued my light caressing down to her firm thighs, lightly squeezing her hot flesh. She moaned in pleasure while her breasts heaved. I hoped she was dreaming of our first fuck from the previous night.
Bringing my hand back to her smooth stomach, I explored higher across her hot and tight skin. I gently cupped her nearest mound, marveling at its firmness. I couldn't resist squeezing it while worshiping her beauty.
Mom's breathing quickened, and when I looked up, I noticed her staring at me, smiling seductively. She remained silent, contently watching her son caress her breasts. After her nipples filled with blood, she spoke. "Good morning. Do you like your mother's titties? You liked them when you were a child too."
I replied, "You bet, Mom. I could play with your breasts forever. It's a shame I can't remember them from infancy, but I can imagine I loved feeding on them. Your nipples are so sexy and inviting."
I leaned over and kissed her nearest engorged nub. Swirling my rough tongue around her tip, I gently latched onto her hard point. She brought her hands to the back of my head and held me in place while I fed on her succulent tit. I sucked hard on her taut and upright areole, resulting in her groaning loudly.
She gasped, "Oh, honey. That feels good. Suck your mother's tits and bite them, baby. Pull and twist my nipples. It's been too long since you nursed from me."
Locked onto her nearest nipple, I licked and lightly bit her sensitive bud. Moving my hand to her other breast, I massaged and squeezed her meaty tit. Gently holding her engorged nipple with my teeth, I pulled and teased her, causing her to moan and gasp. While I stretched her pinched nipple, I twisted her other nipple with my fingers.
When she humped her pelvis, I released her sensitive teat. Rolling over to meld with her sexy body, I kissed my mother.
It was a gentle closed-mouth kiss at first, a subtle, loving kiss. Mom changed the pace when she opened her mouth and attacked me with her tongue. We French-kissed with our naked bodies pressed together. We gasped for air, breathing fast while we made love with our mouths.
Backing off from our intimate kiss, I could see Mom's eyes were once again full of lust when she rolled us over until she was on top. She kissed her way down to my stomach. My prick was already a pillar of rock, rising out of my pubic hair. Still kissing her way down, she gripped my pole and slowly stroked up and down.
She rose and sat on my legs, facing me. Her hands explored my hairy thighs, bumping my full ball sack on each upstroke.
"You have such a sexy body, Sam. I've wanted to caress your legs as much as you've wanted to do to me." Continuing to rub up and down my thighs, she'd stop to grab a hunk of flesh, playfully pulling and squeezing it.
Bending down, she kissed her way up my hairy thigh until she reached my stiff pole. She lustfully looked up at me while seductively licking up and down my staff with her rough tongue. She hoarsely said, "Honey. It's been a while since I've sucked a prick, and such a giant one. As you said before, I made this beautiful cock."
Engulfing my fat head with her mouth, she swirled her tongue around my sensitive helmet. Descending my pole, she sucked hard on my staff. She held my balls and gently squeezed them while she fucked my rod with her hungry mouth. Her other hand gripped the bottom half of my prick, stroking up and down while her mouth fucked the top half of my pole. I wasn't going to last long.
"Damn, Mom. You suck cock good. Your mouth is unbelievable," I gasped, my voice cracking.
She'd bring me to the brink of orgasm before stopping, never releasing her mouth from my sensitive head. She looked at me with those round, brown eyes while feasting on my stiff shaft of flesh. It was difficult holding back my load while I watched my sexy mom perform such a sensual act.
Releasing my cock, she rose and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked each other with our tongues again. She lifted her pelvis, keeping her eyes locked with mine. Placing her hands on my shoulders to keep her balance, she crawled forward and positioned her hairy pussy over my shaft. She lowered her body, trapping my prick between our sweaty stomachs.
When my hand crept between our bodies to position my prick, she moved her head side-to-side, stopping me. When I halted, she slid her furry slit across my groin. It was a pelvic dance, mauling and shifting my prick around with her actions.
Lodging my shaft lengthwise into her slot, she ground up and down, scraping her raw pussy lips against my cock. Shifting lower, she rubbed my helmeted head against her clit. Leaving my tip smashed against her exposed clit, she moved in circles, stimulating her sensitive nub. She moaned and breathed rapidly.
Having enough stimulation on her clit, she pulled back, running my fat head up and down her slick slit. She sawed her pussy, to and fro, coating my shaft with slippery pussy juice. I thought she might climax without ever penetrating her. Still not using her hands, she inched forward, releasing my trapped prick. My shaft rose, freed from our smothering bodies. Before rising too far, Mom backed into it, inserting my cock head into the mouth of her hungry pussy.
Our eyes locked, and I could see the look of triumph when she managed to engulf my prick from the awkward position without help. She backed up until my cock was several inches in her tight, starved cunt. She rose while her hands grasped my stomach to keep my prick partway out of her snatch. She carefully lowered an inch before rising, allowing my size to stretch her tight channel.
After her pussy surrendered to my ram, she fucked my pole, increasing the amount of cock with each stroke.
Her expression was of total bliss while she slowly fucked me. Churning back and forth while pumping up and down, she scraped the sides of her pussy that screamed for attention. Pussy juice drenched my solid shaft, making it easier for her to lower down further. Raising back up, she stopped when my fat head was at the entrance of her clenching pussy. Looking down at me lustfully, she released my sides and fell until my balls smashed against her ass.
She squealed from pleasure when she bottomed out, rising again to plummet back down my shaft. Fucking me hard and fast, I thrust up on her down strokes, ramming my cock deeper into her cavern. Reaching out with my hands, I stroked her legs while she enjoyed being in control of our fuck.
She threw her head back and gasped for air, fucking her son as hard as she could. Juices from both of us flowed out of her hole while she fucked my slippery prick. Slowing her pumping, she lowered down, pushing her breasts in front of my face. Knowing what she desired, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her nearest breast into my waiting mouth.
I mauled her tit while she continued to fuck me. Constant deep guttural groans emanated from her. I captured her stiff nipple, squeezed it between my lips, and pulled hard as if milking it.
"God, yes. Suck Mommy's tits. You're fucking your horny mother good with your fat cock. I've fantasized about making love with you for a long time. Whenever you cum with me, I want to kiss you. I love you so much!"
My mother knew exactly how to please her son. She locked her mouth on mine while fucking me. I grabbed her ass and slammed into her pussy. My cock filled with blood making more contact as it scraped the walls of her pussy. A large payload of hot cum shot up my stem and out the tip.
Her pussy contracted on my prick while I deposited a large load of sticky sperm. After we were both spent, she lowered her body to mine. Neither of us spoke while we fought to breathe.
Her firm breasts squished out on the sides of our bodies while she rested. My hands caressed her sweaty, smooth back while she recovered from our morning fuck. She rested her head next to mine, nibbling on my ear while she caught her breath. Her hot air bathing my neck sent shivers through me. Her rapid breathing gradually calmed while she relaxed. We were content to say nothing, enjoying the close connection.
"Wow, Mom. What a way to begin a day. What do you say we stay in bed until lunch?" Running my hands down her lower back, I cupped her rounded ass and squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I wondered how many times I could fuck my mom in one day. Visions of different positions flashed through my mind when Mom brought me back to reality when she softly spoke.
"I'd love to, and we will do that one of these days but not today. We have a full schedule ahead of us. We have a client at one in the afternoon. Then we're going to take your aunt out to the movies and dinner and have one more appointment at eight tonight."
Unable to contain my surprise, I exclaimed, "Mom, that's an aggressive plan. Do you want me to be with other women now? You're the only one I want. Why don't we tell Sharon we don't want to take on more clients?"
She giggled and kissed me before explaining. "First off, Sharon doesn't have anything to do with it. She was my first customer. I interviewed the other women at their houses."
After processing Mom's revelation, I realized she had sent me to Sharon's to give her a baby. This whole time I thought this was Sharon's grand plan. Someone else might have felt used, but I felt nothing but love and admiration for my mother. Everything she did was for my benefit.
"Concerning other women, I think it's healthy for you to have other relationships," Mom explained. "There was a reason why our clients gave large bonuses. You're not only a wonderful lover, but you know how to make a woman feel special. I know firsthand how much pleasure a woman can feel with you. I want to share that with other women. The icing on the cake is your college expenses are getting paid."
She smirked and added, "You only have to promise you'll sleep with me at night and sexually take care of me. Although, as much as we're going to be fucking, I won't be able to afford to pay what I charge others."
Her sexy smile and talk regarding our future together stirred my prick, but I had to save it for our client in a few hours. When she lifted her body off mine, our skin, bonded together by heat and sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. We chuckled at the sound it made while we separated.
We rose out of bed to dress and have breakfast. I slipped on my robe, and when Mom started to put on hers, I pleaded, "Mom, would you mind wearing your blue nightie through breakfast? It's something I look forward to each morning."
She dropped her robe, joy spreading across her face. "Oh no, sweetie. I've had that old nightie for far too long. It isn't proper attire for a mother to parade around in."
Seeing my disappointment, she giggled while she walked to her closet. I was ready to close my robe and leave when I heard her say, "I've been saving this one for you. Do you think this is more appropriate for a mother to wear around her horny son?"
She walked out of her closet wearing a different nightie. She sexily strutted to the edge of the bed, turned slowly, and displayed her new attire.
It was the same style and color as her other nightie, but the material was translucent. It was sheer enough to see everything underneath. It enhanced her beauty more than I thought possible. When she turned to the side, her hard, pink nipples pushed out the top, and her full rounded breasts were visible, showing no signs of sagging.
She turned to face me, placing her hands on her waist, causing her nightie to tighten against her nipples. I stared at her beautifully toned bare thighs, then traveled up to admire her hairy pussy, barely hidden beneath the thin fabric. Her facial expression was a mix of seeking approval with one of lust.
Scanning her beautiful body, my cock quickly filled with blood and poked out the front of my robe, pointing to its prey it desired to attack. Her eyes traveled to my hard cock, and she no longer looked like she needed approval. Her face changed to one of sexual craving.
When she ran her hands up to her breasts over the smooth fabric, she huskily said, "Well, it looks like someone appreciates my newest purchase. The material is silk and feels good too. Come here and see for yourself."
I walked to her and held her tight, running my hands over the thin silky material, caressing her sexy body.
"You're so beautiful, Mom. You turn me on whenever I look at you. Anything you wear makes me hot," I said, kissing her passionately. I squeezed her thinly covered breasts, twisting her engorged nipples. She pushed my robe off my shoulders and wrapped her fingers around my hard, throbbing cock. I lowered my hands below her nightie to hold her firm ass. She panted while passionately kissing me.
She murmured, "Oh, honey. I love it that you get aroused by me. You've awakened my sexual lust, and I adore your wonderful cock. I love what you're doing to me, but we should eat breakfast and prepare for our next client."
Instead of releasing my cock, she stroked it while her kissing intensified. With my hands still holding her firm buns, I coaxed her backward. Lowering her down, I positioned her on the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs, causing her nightie to rise and expose her hairy, wet gash. I walked into her, shoving my rock-hard prick into her welcoming snatch. I couldn't believe I was fucking my beautiful mother again, and it felt as great as the first time.
My stiff shaft pistoned in and out of her hairy hole. Her breasts flopped up and down beneath the thin nightie while I bottomed out forcefully each time. With her legs on my shoulders, she incoherently muttered phrases of pleasure while I continued to ravish her body in an attempt to release my pent-up sexual lust. Concentrated on our incestuous coupling, we could care less about any client today. We followed our primal animal instincts to fuck as no mother and son should be doing.
She chanted while I drove my ram into her oily hole. "Fuck me hard. Love me and fuck me like a true Motherfucker."
I pounded her horny pussy until I neared my orgasm. With my shaft fully embedded in her cavern, I stopped stroking to allow our excitement levels to lower. We locked eyes while our groins mashed together. Moving her legs off my shoulders, she wrapped them around my waist. With a lustful look, she opened her arms, inviting me to her hot body. A clear invitation from a mother wanting her son to finish fucking her. It was an offering I wasn't going to pass up.
I lowered down to her nightie-clad torso and kissed her open mouth. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight while my expanding prick stretched her pussy walls. Holding onto her ass, I jack-hammered my mother's pussy. While we kissed, we locked eyes, continuing to enjoy the spontaneous and exciting coupling. Looking into each other's souls, we communicated our intense love. Her beautiful, brown eyes widened, signaling her impending orgasm.
She groaned in my mouth and battled my tongue. Her pussy squeezed my shaft, resulting in my powerful contraction. I pounded into her at a feverish pace while we experienced our intense orgasms. Inserted fully, I released her mouth to suck in a deep breath. I rested my head beside hers while we enjoyed the aftermath of our sinful copulation.
After she licked the outer lobes of my ear, she whispered, "Sam, I think I better wear my robe, or we won't make it out of our bedroom."
My heart skipped a beat when she said our bedroom. It was confirmation that we were a loving couple, committed to each other. We had shattered the morally accepted boundaries of a mother-son relationship.
I caressed her nightie-clad back and murmured, "I can't help it, Mom. You're so sexy. I want to be with you every minute of the day. Your body excites me as no other woman can." I kissed her sensuously, then pulled out, allowing a stream of mixed cum to pour out of her saturated pussy. True to her word, she wore her robe, but it didn't deter me from lustfully staring at her body while she gracefully glided around the kitchen.
We quickly finished breakfast and retired to the living room. We still had a couple of hours to kill before our client showed up, allowing us to snuggle on the couch. I was afraid I wouldn't recover in time, but sitting close to Mom ignited my lust. Mom's hand went through the front of my robe to lightly hold my semi-hard prick. She probably had the same concerns about whether I'd be able to perform after our morning bout of sex.
Lightly squeezing my shaft, she apprehensively spoke. "Sam, I've had this rule with my clients that there would be no refunds or repeats, even if the process proved unsuccessful. One client has been persistent, and I felt sorry for the poor girl. I agreed, even before she offered to double the original amount. It wasn't the money that swayed my mind; I wanted to make her happy. Our appointment with her is at one."
My mind raced through the women trying to figure out who it was. Since she said girl, it must be one of the two younger ones. Before I could concentrate further, she acknowledged, "It was the lady from two days ago. Her body was covered and hidden, except for her beautiful face and silky, black hair."
It was indeed my lucky day; she described Snow White. Images of her black bush contrasting against her smooth, white skin flashed through my mind. My shaft pulsed, signaling my excitement.
Mom still had her hand wrapped around my prick and felt it come alive. She bleated, "Should I be jealous of this girl? It looks like you have some special feelings for her."
"She was charming, Mom, but you're still the love of my life," I said, trying to put her at ease.
She smiled and leaned in to lightly kiss me, no hint of jealousy, looking pleased with her son's happiness.
At the designated time, I retreated to my room to wait for the arrival of Snow White. I sat on my bed nude, displaying my semi-hard cock, waiting for Mom's entrance. She strolled in wearing her robe, and I instantly hardened, rising and hugging her, ending with an erotic kiss. She wrapped her hands around my manhood and stressed, "Let's save this for our client. Hopefully, you'll be successful today. Good luck, honey. Don't forget your aunt is coming over at three."
There was no reason to wear my robe anymore. I marched down the stairs to our room nude, my stiff prick swaying back and forth. Once I entered, I noticed a change in the positioning of the woman. The sheet covered her, but it was high, like she was on her knees praying, her back pushing up the sheet.
I remembered how nervous she was our first time. While uncovering her, I said, "I'm glad you returned. I can't wait to feel your beautiful skin again." When I shoved the sheet up, she extended her body forward and raised her ass into the air. My prick jerked when I realized she wanted it doggy style. Maybe she thought this would be a better method to impregnate her.
Her long, pure white leg flesh accented her black, hairy pussy. She widened her legs, exposing her already wet gash, ready for an infusion of sperm. Hard as a rock, I moved up and stroked her lily-white meat.
Her skin was hot and firm to the touch, burning my fingers. I took my time running my hands up and down her smooth thighs. The sides of my hands bumped against her furry slit each time I went to the top. Her sweet pussy scent emanated from her sex, anticipating my fat cock stretching her tight channel.
Reluctantly releasing my hands from her firm thighs, my aching cock demanded I proceed. Placing my mushroom-shaped head onto the puffy outer lips of her pussy, I rolled it around, lubricating it with her flowing juices. No more foreplay was warranted; I jabbed my prick deep into her throbbing pussy.
Moaning in the pillow while my prick descended to the bottom, she shrieked in pleasure when my engorged head slammed against her back wall. Her pussy contracted while she experienced her first orgasm. Holding my prick lodged deep, I stroked her sides and legs, allowing her to recover from her fast climax. No sounds came from her while she fought to catch her breath.
I enjoyed the quiet moment, caressing her smooth flesh. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make love to her like an average couple, kissing her as we made love. "Take your time, baby. We'll take it as slow as you want. I could fuck you all night."
A long groan broke her silence when she moved her hips forward and back, fucking herself on my pole. She was ready for another round; I was determined to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me. Gripping her hips, I fucked her hard.
The angle of my piercing lance caused her pleasure centers to fire off when I bumped and scraped against her tight pussy walls. We fucked hard for ten minutes, concentrating on pleasing each other. Wanting this session to last longer to enjoy her body faded away when I neared my orgasm. My prick serviced her sensitive pussy while I reached up and kneaded her swaying tits. I squeezed them hard and twisted her nipples between my fingers. Her rapid breathing and loud moaning were the only sounds coming from under the sheet.
Her second orgasm unexpectedly occurred when her pussy suddenly clamped down on my invading prick. Hearing her scream into the pillow, a stream of hot cum shot up through my stem, causing the tip of my cock to explode. A load of hot seed spurt out, bathing the back of her pussy. Each blast of hot cum I shot into her resulted in another contraction from her convulsing cavern.
I slowly fucked her after our mutual orgasms finished, relishing in the blissful connection we had just shared. Crestfallen that the session was already over, I hoped we weren't successful again.
Both of us breathed hard and fast while we recovered from the intense fuck. Panting, I managed to spout, "You are so sexy. I know it's selfish of me, but in a way, I hope you're not pregnant again."
I pulled out, leaving her ass uncovered while I backed up. My eyes traveled from her cum-filled pussy down her creamy smooth thighs to her delicate feet.
The sheet went flying off. Suddenly, Snow White flipped around and flopped onto the bed. Still staring at her legs, she spoke in a sexy French accent. "No hope is necessary. I'm pretty sure you impregnated me last session. This time was for you."
I recognized her voice. I quickly looked up. "Monica?"
"Yes, Sam. Come to me, my love," she cooed, her arms open. I lowered down to her, melding my body to hers.
She stroked my scalp while memories flashed back to me.
*****
It was my last year in our old neighborhood. I loved walking back and forth to the school, located a mile from our house. Each day my route passed by a preschool halfway between our home and my school.
On one of those days, I ran across a couple of bullies teasing and tormenting a young girl outside the preschool. I broke it up and continued to walk home. I noticed the girl they harassed followed me for a few blocks before I lost sight of her.
Days after this incident, the same girl would wait by the school for me to pass and then follow me. I didn't think anything of it; she was probably using me to stop the kids from picking on her. After a couple of weeks of this routine, I noticed she went up a walkway to a large house with large bushes on both sides. One day when I walked by, I spotted a woman wearing Muslim attire inside the entrance of the hidden walkway. When I passed, she quietly whispered, "Excuse me, Sir. Could I talk to you?"
I stopped, unsure if she would accuse me of trying to lure the girl or what. I uneasily responded, "Um, sure. Anything wrong?"
"Please follow me, and I'll explain," she said as she went up to the house and waited for the girl and me to enter. After we were inside, she removed the covering on her head, revealing her beautiful face. She told her daughter to sit at the table with me. She had a French accent, unlike what I expected from her attire.
She introduced herself as Monica and her daughter as Camila before she went to the kitchen and brought out a plate of warm cookies and two glasses of milk. She set them down in front of us and sat opposite us at the table.
Camila picked up a cookie and devoured it. Monica smiled and told me she was grateful for me protecting her daughter. Kids harassed her because they knew she was a child of a Muslim family. Her French accent intrigued me while I listened to her talk. When Camila finished, Monica told her to go to her room and play.
After taking a bite out of the delicious cookie, I felt a bump on my leg. Looking down, I eyed a beautiful, short-haired, black cat walking around my legs. I lifted the friendly kitty off the floor and placed her on my lap. She curled and purred while I petted her. I knew where to scratch her neck and head to give her the attention she wanted.
I asked, "And who is this cute girl? I love cats. Her fur is soft and sleek."
Monica smiled wide and said, "Her name is Dinah. She likes a lot of attention. My husband hates cats."
That was the first indication she wasn't on board with her marriage. She kept a cat her husband hated, and the cat's name was of Jewish origin. That couldn't have set well with her Muslim husband.
Unwilling to further explain the details concerning her cat, she informed me she wanted to thank me earlier, but her husband was home, and she couldn't talk to another man with him present. He was doing business in the Middle East now; she seized the opportunity to thank me.
She originated from France and married her wealthy husband at eighteen when she was pregnant with Camila. She admitted she was naive and easily influenced by the prestige and money afforded her. Even though their love was brief, she remained with him, honoring her obligation. She wasn't religious, but she made an effort to observe some of the Muslim rules to satisfy her husband.
We talked for over an hour, getting acquainted with each other. Marrying young to a wealthy Middle Eastern businessman allowed her to attend private colleges. I found her to be intelligent and educated while we discussed our lives. She inquired about my studies, and we talked at length. She was witty and injected humor into our conversation, causing us to laugh through much of our talk. Sex didn't enter my mind while I connected with the highly educated and charming young lady.
For the next six months, we met dozens of times on my walks home when her husband was out of town. We spent hours together, giggling and talking, while I pampered Dinah with my affection. I enjoyed the time with Monica, feeling at ease with her pleasant demeanor. I looked forward to walking home, hoping she'd be waiting for me. Her daughter still kept her distance, following me home each day.
Concerned that Camila might mention my visits to her father, I asked Monica whether there would be a problem if her daughter disclosed my visits. She told me her husband never wanted a daughter and wouldn't talk or listen to her. She isolated Camila from him as much as possible, and they were experts at keeping secrets.
She never uncovered more than the fabric on her head, meaning I couldn't see her beautiful body concealed beneath. We became best friends, probably the strangest and most secret friendship in town. That was the hard part when Mom mentioned we were moving after graduation.
Monica and I decided we wouldn't keep in touch through email or letters in the chance she might get caught. We teared up during our final visit as we knew we wouldn't see each other again. I didn't tell Mom about Monica, even when she questioned why I was depressed for the first few months after we relocated.
*****
Monica brought me back from my memories, bringing me up to date with her life. Her husband divorced her six months ago, desiring a younger wife and one that would provide him with a son. He left Monica with the house, a large sum of money, and Camila before he moved back to the Middle East.
She was more than happy with the arrangement. She wanted another child and wanted the father to be intelligent and sensitive. She loved our talks together and wanted her child to inherit my traits. When she heard the details of our business through her wealthy friends, she seized the opportunity to conceive a baby with me.
She thought she would be content once our first session had finished. She was hesitant to reconnect with me for the sole purpose of getting pregnant. That's why she concealed herself through our first coupling. After our initial rendezvous, she wanted to marry the lust we shared during our sexual liaison with the emotional relationship we had enjoyed previously. She decided to reveal herself this time, and I couldn't have been happier.
We talked for over an hour, connecting again. We explored each other as if we hadn't felt a nude body before. I didn't tell Monica I was in love with her. Maybe I hadn't fallen out of love during our earlier time together. Better take it slow, I thought, chuckling to myself. The definition of a slow courtship probably didn't mean madly fucking, and then dating afterward.
I rolled on top of her, and we kissed like lovers. Our tongues explored our mouths while we fought to press our bodies together as one. I was hard again and wanted to make love to this woman. We locked eyes when I guided my stiff prick into her wet, receptive hole.
I caressed her full breasts while I sunk my cock to the depths of her hungry cunt. We fucked as lovers, caressing each other while we enjoyed the stimulation of my cock smoothly gliding in and out of her pussy. We kissed and hugged each other, enjoying the contact of our hot, sweaty bodies. Her body melted into mine as I attempted to satisfy her sex-starved cunt.
Increasing the pace of our fuck, I furiously stroked in and out of her tight snatch. We mashed our mouths together as our sexual liaison intensified.
Barely able to talk, I gushed, "You are so hot and sexy. I loved our time together in the past, and now we're joined completely. I'm not letting you go again." I again locked my mouth to hers as we neared a mutual orgasm.
As my prick expanded with hot blood signaling my impending orgasm, she released my mouth to huskily shriek, "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like I'm your mom! Fill my pussy as you do with your mother's."
Images of Mom and I fucking flashed through my mind, blood pouring into my expanding shaft. My balls contracted before they shot out the reservoir of hot sperm generated in the last hour. Her body shivered and shook as we enjoyed our synchronized orgasms.
Drained from our intense love-making session, I left my prick soaking in her drenched cunt, enjoying the moment of post-coital bliss. I broke the silence by softly asking, "You know? About my mother?"
"Of course, I know. Your mother is beautiful and sexy. You're a horny and handsome son; it was inevitable. She's so hot that I wouldn't mind spending some intimate time with her. And if you were my son, I would have fucked you long ago. She is a lucky mother to have a hunky, horny son."
I was still embedded in her soaked pussy while listening to her. I slowly pulled out when I softened, kissing her as we parted. I looked at the clock and realized we had been together far too long. Rachel was coming over in half an hour.
"I'm sorry, Monica, but I have to end our session because my aunt is visiting in a few minutes. I'll tell Mom to reimburse you. You're more than a client to me."
"Stop right there, Sam," Monica stated. "You won't tell your mother anything of the kind. We'll keep meeting until we zero your college debts."
We talked for several more minutes before I stood up to leave. When I looked at Monica's beautiful sexy body with my cum drooling out of her pussy an idea formed. I asked, "Did you mean it when you said you would like to be with my mom?"
"Oh yea, she is so sexy. I would love to explore her body," she lustfully stammered.
I lifted her knees and spread her legs wide so that when Mom entered the room, she'd see Monica's black, hairy pussy dripping out ropes of white semen. "Stay like this; I have a feeling you're in for a treat," I said when I felt my cock stir, admiring her sexy display.
As I was leaving, she quietly pleaded, "Sam, could we get together again, like on a date? I've missed you so much. I'll understand if you don't want to be involved with a woman bringing children into the relationship."
Seeing her fearful expression, I walked over to her and kissed her sensuously, promising, "I'd love nothing more than to see you again. We'll go out often, and Mom will be happy to babysit Camila and Dinah. I've missed you, too." Her look of fear turned to an expression of joy while she pondered our future.
I left the door open while I walked down the hall, meeting Mom at the end. When we met, I hugged and passionately kissed her. She reached down and clutched my cum soaked prick. She scraped the sides while pulling her hand along the length of my shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She smiled and jested, "I love the taste of your cum, but I hope you left some in our client. I'd hate for you to have to do another repeat."
I quickly replied, "No worries, Mom. She wasn't here for a baby. She came back for me."
She looked taken aback. "I think I am jealous now. She paid for another session just to fuck my son?"
"Relax, Mom. We're old friends, and I'm very attracted to her." I reached into her robe with one hand and teased her hard, engorged nipple while kissing her again. My other hand went through the opening in her robe in search of her hairy pussy. When I pushed three fingers into her wet slot, I said, "Mom, even if I love other women, we'll still be here for each other. There is nothing stronger than the love of a mother and son. It's a special bond, separate from other relationships."
We kissed again, and I could see the love in her eyes, acknowledging the sinful relationship we'd always have. I removed my hands so she could meet Monica. Ending my kiss, I whispered, "After all, you don't want to be mad at your future daughter-in-law, do you?"
Her panting was still rapid from the short time we connected. She kissed me in return and said, "I hope you've found a girl who can provide you with the love you deserve. That would make me the happiest mother ever."
When I left for my room, I quipped, "Mom, since you like my cum so much, I don't think our client would mind sharing." I stayed at the bottom of the stairs while Mom skipped down the hall to meet Monica. She entered our bedroom, and seconds later, her robe flew out the door, landing on the hallway floor. I heard her screech, "Sam left such a mess here. Let me clean you up." Sounds of sexual pleasure emanated from our room while I went upstairs to take my shower.
When I finished drying off, I looked out the window and noticed Rachel walking down the sidewalk half a block away. It had taken longer than I thought with Monica, and my aunt was arriving early. I quickly dressed and ran down the stairs to Mom's room. Monica and Mom were eating each other's hairy cunts, in the throes of sexual oral bliss.
"Mom, Rachel is arriving early. I'll keep her in the garden while you two finish." No acknowledgment came from either woman while they concentrated on their sexual bonding.
I ran outside and met Rachel as she neared the front door. Interlocking arms, I escorted her to the garden around the side of our house. Stalling for time, I walked her through the beds, telling her our plans for each. I managed to waste twenty minutes when my aunt looked up and saw movement in the house. "Who's the woman with your mom? I haven't seen her before."
I replied, "Oh, she's a friend Mom had over. It looks like they're running late. We'll be ready to go to the movies and dinner as planned. Don't worry; it'll just be my favorite two ladies with me tonight."
She smiled, and we walked up to the house to wait. Minutes later, Mom returned and greeted us with a sexy smile. Her Hawaiian floral dress looked fabulous on her. It was shorter than usual, and it was obvious she wore no bra, her pointy nipples pushing out the thin fabric. She looked stunning, and Rachel looked surprised when she gazed at Mom's exquisite beauty.
She stared intently at my mother's provocative, sexy dress but didn't mention anything while we walked to the car. We decided on dinner first as we were hungry. My attention focused on Mom's hard nipples poking out the thin material. I felt guilty ignoring my sexy aunt. Her blue lace bra was visible under her tight, sheer blouse, and I wondered if Mom had informed her my favorite lingerie color was blue.
The hostess at the restaurant greeted us and said, "Hi, Melissa. Glad to see you again. I'll seat you in a nice booth."
"Thanks, Lisa. We'll be right behind you," Mom replied.
Lisa walked us to a secluded booth at the end of a long room. Mom and I sat on one side while Rachel sat opposite us. When Mom slid in, her dress slid up, revealing her sexy thighs. Sitting down, I noticed the table was far enough away from the seat, enabling me to see Mom's bare legs. Thankfully, Rachel couldn't see anything from her position.
As soon as Lisa left, I asked, "Mom, how do you know her? Do you come here often?"
"I met her here a couple of months ago. She's a good server, and I enjoy my visits with her. She's very nice and friendly. You'll like her."
Before I could ask any more questions, Lisa arrived to take our orders. She remained at our table, engaging us in a friendly conversation. Lisa was tall and very thin. I doubt if she broke a hundred on the scales, but she had toned muscles and didn't look unhealthily thin.
Her casual talking transitioned to flirting as if she were competing with the two beautiful women accompanying me. Mom and Rachel encouraged her flirtations while Lisa twirled the ends of her short, light-brown, silky hair. I noticed her stealing glimpses of Mom's exposed thighs. All too soon, she departed to place our order.
I lustfully stared at her long legs while she walked away. She wore the same skirt as the other servers, but due to her height, it looked a lot shorter. She wore her belt higher also, probably because she knew how to flaunt her best asset. I'm sure she received large tips from showing off her long, lithe legs. Her breasts hid beneath her blouse, but I surmised they were small, enabling her to go braless. She looked like the girls I'd date at school because she had the same facial features as Mom and my aunt.
When she left, Rachel said, "My, she's cute, and I believe she has a crush on your son, Melissa."
My face flushed while Mom moved over close to me, wrapping her arm around me as if consoling me. She jokingly scorned Rachel. "Now stop it, Sis. You're embarrassing my poor son. Besides, I think he prefers older women."
"Is it true, Sam? You like the more experienced woman?" my aunt piped, sexily looking at me.
Thinking briefly of telling her how I love fucking my horny mom, I decided against it and ended our discussion. "You two need to stop it. A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell."
They both smiled, and Rachel excused herself to go to the restroom. When she was out of earshot, I took the time to admire Mom's sexy body. "Jesus, Mom. You reek of sex. I want to take you home and devour you. Rachel was impressed too. Did you see the way she stared at you?"
"I have a lot of outfits I can't wait to try on for you. I think Rachel believes she's the only sexy slut in the family. She's probably jealous because you're looking at me more than her. I wonder what she'd think if she knew I'm not wearing panties, either."
Openly leering at her sexy, bare thighs, I lustfully said, "She is quite the looker, much like her sister."
Mom reached over, clenched my pants, and bent my stiff prick while jokingly remarking, "Watch it, buster, Rachel is my baby sister. Behave yourself."
Seeing her sister returning, she released my prick and whispered, "But not too much."
Mom and Rachel immediately engaged in conversation, and I wondered if Mom was aware of Rachel's hard nipples poking out the material of her blouse. Obviously, she had removed her bra in the bathroom. I wondered if she was competing with Mom or Lisa.
Feeling Mom's legs bumping against me was confirmation she also noticed Rachel's display. Grabbing my cloth napkin, I moved it below the table and placed it on my leg. I reached over and slid my hand up and down Mom's exposed leg. When my hand ventured higher, I felt the heat from her groin when my hand stopped at her closed thighs.
While still immersed in her discussion with Rachel, she moved her left leg over, allowing me access to her hairy treasure. I slowly ran my hand under her skirt to the top of her luscious thigh. The side of my hand stopped when it hit her mound of fur. Putting pressure on her pussy, I sawed up and down her slit with the edge of my hand. She squirmed on the seat and managed to bring her pussy up for easier access. I ran my fingers up and down her outer lips, causing her juices to flow.
I inserted two fingers into her steaming snatch; she moved her left hand under the table. Thinking she would shoe me away from her hairy mound, I was surprised to see her pull her skirt up to her waist, exposing her pelvis. Her hand returned to the top of the table while she engaged Rachel in conversation. It was the perfect cover for me to play with Mom's pussy. I buried another finger into her wet hole and massaged her sensitive walls.
I had my hand upside down in an uncomfortable position while I played with her pussy. I couldn't stroke in and out as my arm would move, alerting Rachel. Moving my fingers around her leaking pussy, I stimulated it as if I were fucking her. She struggled with breathing while she talked to her sister, and her voice cracked when I ran my fingers over her engorged clit.
She neared her climax when I noticed Lisa arriving with a large serving tray. When Lisa placed Rachel's plate in front of her, I began sliding my fingers out of Mom's excited pussy to allow her to lower her skirt. Her hand quickly landed on mine, guiding my fingers back down to the depths of her clasping channel.
She held my hand in her pussy, covering mine and her mound of hair. Lisa placed my plate in front of me, and I could see her staring at our hands clamped tight to Mom's pussy. She picked up Mom's plate and leaned hard into me, squashing her soft tit into my shoulder, muttering, "Pardon my reach." She slowly placed Mom's plate down, her eyes locked onto our erotic display. Mom's gaze fixated on Lisa's expression, gauging her reaction to our wanton, sexual exhibition.
Lisa lingered, smiled wide, pulled back, and asked us if we needed anything else. As she turned to leave, Mom stuttered, "Lisa, would you mind grinding some fresh pepper on my pasta?" Mom leaned back, moved her hand away from mine, and shoved it under her ass, enabling her to push her pussy up, making the display even more erotic.
Lisa smiled wide, retrieved the pepper mill, and leaned over to comply with Mom's request. While she pushed her breast into my shoulder, Mom sexily smiled and observed Lisa, who was intently staring at Mom's pussy, stuffed full of my fingers. With Lisa's eyes locked onto Mom's groin, I moved my wet, slick fingers out and then back to the bottom of his pussy.
I glanced over at Rachel, fearing she would see Lisa mesmerized at our exhibition but relieved when I noticed her concentrating on her plate of pasta.
"That's probably enough pepper," I said. Lisa stopped cranking the shaker but lingered to stare at Mom's voyeuristic display. Her breath was short and rapid when she backed up and asked us if there was anything else we needed. Mom told her we were good and thanked her for the fantastic service.
Lisa sexily smiled, turned, and walked away. I intensified my attack on Mom's pussy, knowing it would be overly suspicious if I left my left hand under the table for much longer. While Mom ate her peppery entree, I mauled her sensitive pussy. Her face flushed, and her pussy pulsated in anticipation of a climax. Moving my forefinger and thumb up to the top of her slit, I rolled and squeezed her slick, engorged clit. Stroking it as she would do to my prick, I soon felt her orgasm commence.
She shrieked when her pussy shook and let loose a flood of juices, cumming on my intruding hand. Rachel looked up, saw Mom's flushed face, and exclaimed, "Melissa, are you feeling okay? You look like you're burning up."
Mom grabbed her glass of water, took a few big gulps, and managed to spout, "Maybe too much pepper at once. I'm okay now." Satisfied with her sister's answer, Rachel resumed eating. I removed my hand from Mom's soaked pussy, wiping my fingers off my napkin. After I moved my soiled cloth over to Mom's leaking slit, her hand came down to take over. After cleaning up her juices, Mom placed my soaked napkin on my leg and moved her skirt back down. Mom and Rachel continued talking as if nothing had happened. When we finished eating, I reached down and brought my napkin up to my face as if I were wiping my mouth but, instead, deeply inhaled Mom's pussy scent.
Mom smiled and bumped her leg on mine, acknowledging my action. Lisa showed up with the check and asked if we needed anything else. She smiled, teasing, "Perhaps some Cream Pie would be good?"
Mom replied, "Not now, Lisa, perhaps later. Thanks, though." Rachel didn't act wise to their secretive talk as Lisa smiled wide and walked away. Mom paid with cash, leaving a generous tip. I wondered if she was giving Lisa hush money or because she liked her.
Rachel stood to leave while I did the same to let Mom exit. When they walked out, I turned to the table to rearrange my prick, which had hardened at an odd angle. I reached down and adjusted my cock to point straight up along my stomach in a more comfortable position.
I turned to leave and practically ran over Lisa. She smiled as if she knew what I had been doing and walked up close enough that the mixture of her light perfume and sweat swept over me. Her face was inches from mine. She moved closer, pushing a soft breast into my arm while shoving her exposed thigh between my legs, pressing it against my stiff prick.
Rubbing her leg back and forth on my covered cock, she said, "Be sure to ask for me next time to get a nice private booth. I wrote my schedule down for you. I would love to serve your party again."
Moving her closed fist to mine, she transferred the note to my hand. Expecting a piece of paper, I was pleasantly surprised to feel a flimsy, silky pair of panties. They were damp and warm, the result of watching our sexual display. I quickly stuffed them into my pants pocket.
I picked up my napkin, soaked with Mom's juices, and held it to her hand, closing her fingers around it. I leaned into her pushing my hard cock into her thigh, and whispered, "I'm afraid Mom made a mess of her napkin. She had to use it to clean up some leaking juices."
Lisa sucked in a deep breath of air, and her eyes widened when she digested the taboo nature of our relationship. Her face turned from surprise to lust when she snatched the soiled napkin from my hand.
I thanked her again and said goodbye, leaving to catch up with Mom and Rachel. Halfway to the door, I turned to see Lisa in the booth. One hand pressed the cum-drenched napkin onto her face while the other was under the table. Knowing her pussy was receiving a pounding from witnessing a mother and son commit a sinful act made me smile wide.
At the theater, I sat between Mom and Rachel. Mom wrapped her arm around me when the lights dimmed. I did the same to her, and we leaned against each other. Knowing Rachel couldn't see my roaming hand, I cupped Mom's braless tit while we watched the feature film. Mom leaned over close and whispered, "I know it doesn't matter, but you have my full approval if you want to marry Monica."
Remembering the image of those two locked in sex, I smiled, leaned back, and whispered, "Of course, it matters. I'm glad you like Monica. It means a lot to me."
My aunt noticed Mom's arm around me and put her around me, leaning into me. The side of her soft braless tit pressed into my side. With her other hand, she pulled my arm around her back to rest my hand on her waist. I had my arms around two beautiful women. Afraid of being as bold with Rachel as my mom, I slowly slid my hand right below her breast, holding onto her ribcage.
When the movie credits scrolled, Mom rose to leave. Rachel slumped in her chair, causing her braless breast to fall in my hand. In an unconscious reaction, I squeezed her meaty mound. I quickly released her luscious tit, covering my action by saying, "Sorry, Auntie. Guess I lost my balance for a moment."
She smiled and chuckled, "I didn't notice anything, Sam. Only a perfect gentleman that likes older women and never tells."
Once again, I had to adjust my stiff prick before we left to go home. It was a short ride back to our neighborhood. Mom stopped the car in front of Rachel's house and told me to walk her sister to her door before coming home. Remembering we had an appointment in less than two hours, I knew I didn't have time to go in and talk.
After I walked my sexy aunt to her door, she turned to me and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. She rarely hugged me before tonight, catching me off-guard. Hot air hit my ear when she whispered, "I'm happy you're here this summer. I love hanging out with you. Thank you for a wonderful evening."
She kissed me on the neck and tightened her hug. Her soft, meaty breasts mashed against my chest while she pushed her hips into my stiff prick. She backed off and gave me a sexy smile before entering her house. I walked home with a raging hard-on. Reviewing the events of the past few days, it seemed clear that Aunt Rachel was coming on to me. I wondered what Mom would think if I fucked her younger sister.
Opening our front door, I bumped into Mom standing in the hallway. She had changed out of her dress and wore a tight white blouse tucked into a short, black, pleated skirt. "Wow, Mom. You look like a cheerleader but way sexier. You're the definition of a MILF."
"I have to keep up with your aunt, don't I?"
Changing the conversation, she explained, "I haven't met our client in person. We finalized everything online. She insisted on anonymity, conducting our services in a hotel across town, twenty miles away. We have no time to waste. You'll retrieve the room key at the front desk, and she wants you to go solo. I agreed to her terms, but I'm not letting you go alone. I'll wait in the bar for you in case things go wrong."
I pulled out Lisa's panties and said, "I should leave these here." Seeing her puzzled look, I added, "Lisa wrote her schedule down so we can request her as a server again."
Mom's thoughts rehashed our public exhibition. She lustfully retorted, "On her panties, no less. Maybe we should invite her over to give her a more intimate show." Smiling wide in agreement, I dropped Lisa's panties on the end table and wrapped my arm through Mom's as we walked out to the car.
On the drive to the hotel, I couldn't stop myself from running my hands up and down Mom's bare legs while she drove. Content with feeling her sexy thighs, I didn't venture up far enough to see if she was wearing any panties. Before I knew it, we pulled into the well-lit parking lot. The upscale hotel offered suites, so at least it would be a pleasant room.
Exiting quickly, I dashed to the driver's side to help Mom out of the car. Her skirt rode higher when she shifted her legs, revealing her hairy bush. I grinned wide as It looked like Mom wouldn't ever wear panties again. She held out her hands, inviting me to help her stand up. Once she stood, she hugged me and whispered, "You see anything you like?"
I hoarsely answered, "Damn, Mom. Why don't we rent a room and forget the client?"
"Don't worry, Sam. Tonight's appointment will be the last one for a while. After this, we'll spend a lot of time together. Now let's fulfill our commitment."
We arrived early, so we went to the bar and sat at a table in the back to wait. Mom ordered a glass of wine while we waited for my appointment. Suddenly, she leaned close and whispered, "Don't be obvious but look at the booth next to the bar. She's one of our prior clients. I hope she doesn't recognize me."
Scanning the crowd, I located the couple that Mom pointed out. I never saw their faces, but this lady had such a deep tan that I knew that she was the one after Sharon. She wouldn't notice anyone because her attention was on a guy my age. I silently laughed when I realized they resembled each other.
Whispering back, I said, "I see them, Mom. You don't need to worry. They're not interested in anyone else."
"He looks young enough to be her son. I wonder why she hired us with such a nice young man to service her?" Mom asked.
I replied, "He is her son. I might have initiated that. We kind of shared a mother-son fantasy during our session."
Mom jabbed me in the ribs and giggled, "You're so bad. We should charge more for you providing sex therapy along with your sperm donation."
Looking at her watch, she said, "Okay, Sam. Time for your show." We both rose and held our hands together when she leaned into me and said, "I'll wait for you here. Good luck."
With one of our clients in the bar, I figured Mom wouldn't take a chance and display public affection. Caught off guard, she wrapped her arms around me, hugged me tight, and kissed me as a wife would do with her loving husband.
I reluctantly parted and headed to the front desk. The receptionist greeted me when I provided my last name. She searched the counter for a moment and handed me a paper holder containing a key card. She smiled and commented, "Oh yes. I checked your lovely wife earlier. Have a fun night, Sir."
On my way up to the room, I mentally analyzed the tone and expression of the clerk. She didn't sound sincere, and I wondered how many of their guests were high-priced prostitutes. I swiped the door lock and entered the front room, dimly lit by night lights.
I could see a lighted bedroom off to the side where I assumed the woman would be waiting. I quickly removed my clothes and made my way to the bedroom. A sheet covered the woman in the same manner as Mom's bed. It was evident Mom had given her explicit instructions on the procedure.
I greeted her and assured her I would be slow and gentle. Moving the sheet up to her knees revealed her lower legs. They were the legs of a young woman, firm and toned. I caressed them, telling her how great they felt. When I thought she had relaxed enough, I pushed the sheet up to the tops of her thighs. I stroked her firm thighs, marveling at their beauty.
They were like my mother's but a younger version. I recognized them as Aunt Rachel's. I couldn't believe both of my closest family members thought they could fool me. I had been lusting for her legs for as long as I had Mom's.
Wondering how she discovered our business, I recalled how she used to visit us in the old neighborhood and still had a lot of friends there. My thoughts snapped back to how to proceed. Fulfilling my lustful fantasy of making love to my aunt, I wanted it to be a special session for both of us.
I thought, "Should I do the same as I did to my mother, prolonging the seduction to the end? Will she pretend as my mother did?"
If my aunt wanted to fuck me, she would have to tell me to do it. I wouldn't allow her to act like she was a client for long.
She sucked in a breath of air when I moved the sheet up to her midriff in one fast move. Her beautiful pussy came into view. She was clean-shaven, not one hair on her mound, smooth as glass. I moved up and placed my stiff shaft on the side of her leg while caressing her creamy thighs. Her legs widened, exposing her wet gash. She was anxious for her nephew to fuck her needy slot. I ran my fingers up and down her wet slit and inserted three fingers into her hole.
She was wet and ready. I finger fucked her cavern until she moaned in pleasure. Capturing her clit between my fingers, I rolled the sensitive nub, causing her to move her hips from side to side. She humped up, trying to convince me to complete her fantasy. I moved the head of my prick to her pussy and swirled it around her fat, wet lips. When she humped up to lodge it in her canal, I backed off and kept it from entering.
Now was the time to taunt my beautiful aunt. "Your thighs are so smooth and sexy. I love feeling them," I commented while I massaged and caressed her meaty flesh. "My aunt's legs are like these. I've wanted to touch them for a long time. She's the sexiest woman I know, and I would love to be doing this to her."
She moaned louder and increased the movement of her hips. Her legs couldn't be any further apart, granting me full access. I went back to playing with her pussy while tormenting my sexy aunt. "Your pussy is perfect too. I imagine this is how my aunt's pussy would look. It's begging for my hard prick."
I teased her pussy with my cock, poking in an inch and withdrawing several times before saying, "Your pussy is as hot and tight as a virgin's. I wish my aunt would ask me to fuck her. I want to hear those words. Can you tell me? Can you tell your nephew to fuck you hard?" I stuck my cock head into her pussy several inches and quickly pulled it out, elevating her excited state.
She took hold of the sheet and threw it off the bed, screaming, "Goddammit, Sam. Yes, I want my nephew to fuck me. Quit delaying. Shove your huge prick in your aunt's horny hole!"
Her lustful face conveyed the urgency of her desire to fuck her sister's son. I leaned down and kissed her while sliding my cock into her hot sheath. I lowered my weight on her, locking our mouths together, tongue fucking each other while I sunk the rest of the way into my sexy aunt.
Snaking my hands between our hot, sweaty bodies, I grabbed her meaty breasts and mauled them, twisting her sensitive nipples while I fucked her hard. She pulled her mouth off to gasp for air. Her breasts heaved up and down against my chest, her excitement level rapidly increasing. She was receiving the incestuous fucking she had fantasized about the last several years. I continued my assault on her sensitive breasts while hammering in and out of her drooling pussy.
She panted rapidly and groaned, her pussy filled with more cock than she'd ever experienced. Her pussy walls snapped shut when I pulled my shaft back to her entrance, stretching out again when I forcefully plowed back in.
Before I achieved my orgasm, my aunt's pussy clamped down on my prick when she climaxed. Her contractions continued while I thrust in and out. Several strokes later, she went limp from her quick and intense orgasm. I pulled out and was going to move off when she pulled me down tight as Mom had done.
She held me tight to her body while we gently caressed each other. Mom and her sister were similar in many ways, desiring fleshy, close contact after making love. Melded together with my sexy aunt was a dream come true. I rose to admire her. Scanning up and down her luscious body caused my prick to harden even more. Shifting my eyes up to her beautiful face, our eyes locked together, connecting as lovers.
She smiled wide, marveling, "You knew right away, didn't you? How did you know it was me?"
"I'd know those legs anywhere. I leer at them every time you visit. They're beautiful and sexy. You can't realize how many times I've fantasized about making love to you," I revealed to her.
Raising, she reached out to hold my slick prick that had given her an orgasm. She pushed me over on my back and positioned herself on my legs, stroking my shaft with both of her hands. With a sexy look, she said, "Did one of your fantasies end like this?" She leaned down and licked her juices off my cock. Holding the base, she enveloped the sensitive head in her mouth and cleaned it off with her rough tongue. She lowered her mouth down my pole much further than Mom had done. I felt it hit the back of her throat and was surprised she didn't gag. She pulled back to the top and slammed down again.
It was the best blow job I'd ever received. My aunt's teeth lightly scraped while she pulled up, then slammed back down. She fucked and sucked me with her mouth until my balls filled with cum and were ready to blow. She sensed it and lightly squeezed my balls as she sucked my ejaculating cock. She swallowed every drop of sticky cum and continued to massage my cock after it softened in her hot mouth. She pulled off my limp prick and grinned wide when she crawled up and rested on my body.
She nibbled at my ear and whispered, "Was that one of the fantasies you've had of your horny aunt?"
"Way better than I could have ever dreamed up. You're the sexiest and hottest aunt in town," I sighed, soothingly stroking her smooth back. "You're going to have to request a refund. You paid for a load of sperm deposited in your pussy, not your mouth."
She replied, "Probably better this way. It'd be hard to explain to my big sister how I got knocked up by her horny son."
There was no way she knew I wouldn't come inside her, and she knew who she was going to fuck. I wasn't sure why she made up this story, but her look made me think she wanted me to believe her and not press the issue. Kissing her lightly, I said, "Good thinking, Aunt Rachel."
We were silent for several minutes, enjoying our close contact. My aunt's sexy voice broke the silence, "Sam, I have a late check-out for the room. How would you like to stay and entertain your lonely aunt tonight?"
I wondered what she would think if she knew Mom was waiting down in the bar for me. I had mixed feelings between wanting to stay and fuck my sexy aunt or take Mom home to do the same. Quickly going through the options, I said, "I'd like nothing better, but I have to go home first and let Mom know I won't be staying there tonight. I'll grab some clothes and tell her I'm going to a friend's house."
We kissed several times before she said, "Perfect, Sam. Hurry back." She rolled off and allowed me to exit. I took my time leaving her room, taking in her beauty. She was a younger version of Mom, and I only lusted after my mother more because of the deep emotional ties between a mother and son.
I left her room and joined Mom. Looking over to the booth by the bar, I asked, "Did our client leave?"
Mom replied, "She went to the front desk and received a room key. He met with her at the elevators. They had that look only a mother and son have before they make love."
"You'd recognize that look, that's for sure. I'm happy that it worked out."
Changing subjects, she asked, "How did it go with our client? Any problems?"
I answered, "No, Mom. Everything went fine. It was quite delightful."
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "She was a fine fuck. She reminded me a lot of you. Her body was as great as yours, also a brunette, but she had dyed her hair blonde. She could have been your sister."
Pausing to let it sink in, I smiled and whispered, "Oh wait, she was your sister. I just fucked Aunt Rachel."
Everyone turned to look at us when Mom let out a loud shriek. Mom's face turned red at the attention. Backing off, I observed her expression turn from surprise to lust. Fumbling in her purse, she pulled out enough cash to pay for her drinks and threw it on the table, hastily rising from the table.
As soon as I rose, she interlocked her arm with mine and pulled me out of the hotel bar. She guided me down the hall to the pool/sauna room. Using my key card, I unlocked the door. No one was present in the pool area, probably out for dinner. Mom opened one of the sauna rooms, finding it empty. She pulled me in, closed the door, and immediately attacked me. She pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me while her hands explored my body.
I ran my hands up and down her back, lowering until I found her skirt waistband and pulled her top out. My hands snuck under her blouse, caressing her slick, bare flesh. I moved my hands up, cupping, squeezing, and mauling her firm breasts. Capturing a nipple with my left hand, my right hand ventured lower to stroke her thigh. I moved my hand to her groin, searching for her exposed pussy.
I grabbed her forest of pussy hair and tugged on it, causing her to pant in my mouth while she ravished me. I stuck three fingers in her steamy cunt and fucked her fast. She was on fire and needed relief. Moving her to the bench, I gently pushed her on her back. Pushing her skirt up to her waist, I lowered my mouth and latched onto her excited pussy.
She yelled in pleasure, pulling my head into her hungry cunt. My tongue fucked her horny hole. Screaming with excitement, she exclaimed, "Oh god, yes. Suck your mother's cunt. I need to cum. Eat your mommy's pussy!"
Continuing to slurp on her hungry snatch, I shoved two fingers to the bottom of her pussy. I finger-fucked her while my mouth captured her engorged clit. Stroking in and out at a furious pace, I sucked her clit into my mouth. After five more strokes, her body stiffened, and her pussy contracted, spilling her cum over her thighs. Slurping her sweet nectar, I cleaned up the majority of her juices.
She sat up to hug me and held her arms tight around me as if she was going to faint. Without saying a word, she released me and tucked in her blouse. Rising off the bench, she held my hand and opened the door to exit. With her face flushed and wet with sweat, you'd think we had the sauna on, but the heat was all from my hot mom.
She didn't stop pulling me until we were out of an exit, ending up in an outside garden area. She filled her lungs with the cool night air, turned to me, and held me by the hips, looking into my eyes. She hoarsely croaked, "Wow. I don't know what came over me. The thought of you fucking Rachel got me so excited. In my mind, I thought it might happen. I've seen the way you look at her, but I thought you would make the advance. I should have known since we've always had the same likes and dislikes."
We walked the hotel grounds like lovers, our sides glued together with our arms tightly wrapped around our waists. She wanted to hear every detail of our incestuous aunt-nephew coupling.
After describing our episode, I stopped walking and held her. "Mom, I'm sorry if you didn't want me to go through with it once I found out it was Rachel, but in our aroused state, we couldn't help it. She had a lot of pent-up lust, much as I've seen in you. You're both so beautiful and sexy that I have no self-control around you two."
Almost crying, she let out her deepest feelings. "Sam, you've released many buried sexual cravings. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of slut, but I love being with you. All I think about now is your wonderful cock in my horny pussy. You can't imagine the joy I get when you stuff me full of your hard prick."
"I feel the same way, Mom. I get excited when I think about being with you. If you want me to tell Rachel I can't make it, I will, and we can go home and enjoy each other tonight."
She quickly replied, "No, honey. I love my sister and know she shares my powerful sexual needs. And you're going to fulfill her desires. We're going to make my sister happy tonight, but not before I come again on my son's wonderful cock."
She pulled out her phone to check the time. "She expects you back in twenty minutes. Let's enjoy the rest of the walk and get you back up there. My sister deserves a good breeding."
Mom's nurturing is one of the many traits that I adored about her. She put taking care of the people she loved above her own personal desires. It solved my dilemma of what to do tonight, but the outcome would be different than the original plan.
Mom wanted to participate in the upcoming sexual romp with my aunt. No surprise there, thinking back on the frantic scene of her making love to Monica and how she became sexually aroused when I told her I fucked her sister.
Stopping us before we arrived back at the hotel, she hugged me tight and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. She confided, "Honey, you can ask for anything you desire, anytime. I'm completely yours to fulfill your wishes. I love you so much." We passionately kissed, sealing our sinful relationship. Regrettably, we released our hug to rendezvous with her sister.
Hopefully, Aunt Rachel's terrific blow-job would help me from coming too fast before satisfying the sexy sisters. Mom guided us back to the hotel and into the elevator with our arms intertwined, acting like a married couple going to their room.
An older couple was in the elevator as we rode up to our floor. The husband was overtly staring at Mom's proud, upright, braless tits with her hard nipples pressed against the thin material. His wife took a deep breath. Mom's cum-smeared thighs filled the confined area with an aroma of sex. Visions of the couple tearing off their clothes and fucking each other from getting aroused entered my mind. Their floor was before ours, and as the door shut, I saw the man grab the woman's ass. They were in for a good time.
After swiping my card, the door clicked open. We entered, and thankfully, the front room was empty. I called out to my aunt to alert her of my arrival. "Honey, I'm home," I announced, hearing my aunt giggle. Mom and I stripped off our clothes. Mom waited in the front room while I paraded into the bedroom with my hardening prick bobbing up and down.
Spreadeagled on the bed with her legs wide apart, I could see she had started without me. Her hands mauled her wet pussy. She huskily proclaimed, "Is that for me? I can't wait to play with it."
I replied, "Why yes, Auntie. It's revived and ready to stretch your tight pussy to its limits. But first, I want to pay you back for what you did earlier."
Looking puzzled, she understood my comment when I lowered my mouth to her open pussy. I licked up and down her puffy lips, cleaning off her juices. She placed her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly to her hungry cunt. I explored the insides of her pussy with my tongue, taking time to lick her sensitive clit. Her breathing was rapid and short while I feasted on her pussy.
When I thought she was near her climax, I rose, pulling her up with me. I hugged her bare body to mine, kissing her. She mauled my mouth with her tongue while we explored each other's bodies. Plopping down on my back, I positioned her to face the headboard and had her lower her pussy to my waiting mouth. I continued my assault on her snatch while her hips writhed, trying to connect my tongue with her sensitive parts.
Moans and groans filled the room from my aunt expressing her pleasure. Feeling a hand surround my prick, I knew Mom had entered the room. I felt the bed move when Mom crawled up my body. Her legs were tight against my sides while she maneuvered to impale herself on my rod. My aunt didn't notice; my tongue assaulting her pussy held her attention. I felt Mom lift my pole, and shortly after, I felt her snug pussy descend my length. She was hot and wet, sinking to the bottom.
She rose and fell down several times, causing the bed to bounce. Aunt Rachel realized something was happening and turned her head to see Mom fucking herself on my prick. Cum poured out of my aunt's convulsing pussy when she climaxed. She screamed, "Oh my god! You're fucking your son!"
Rachel climaxed again, watching her older sister fuck my pole. I swallowed her freely flowing sweet cum.
"Yes. I'm fucking my son, as you did with your nephew an hour ago. Thanks to you, his wonderful cock is slick and hard, filling my pussy full. Turn around and watch while I fuck myself to an orgasm."
My aunt lifted her cleaned pussy off my face, positioning herself above my head. Facing Mom, she watched a horny mother, her sister, fuck her son. Lying still to keep from getting too excited, I allowed Mom to do the work. If I did anything to help, I wouldn't last long, and Mom had stipulated I wasn't to come in her pussy. It was an erotic sight, watching my mother bounce up and down, mashing our hairy mounds together when she bottomed out each time. Nearing her climax, she pulled her sister close. I pushed my aunt's ass, shoving her to Mom, pulling her pussy down to my mouth while Mom kissed Rachel.
They kissed like lovers, groping and pawing their breasts. Aunt Rachel's excitement quickly elevated while I ate her pussy, and Mom assaulted her from the top. Mom broke away long enough to shriek, "I'm cumming on my son's prick. It feels so good." My aunt leaked out a river of juices, witnessing the sinful act of a mother climaxing on her son's cock.
I didn't hump up while Mom's pussy drenched my pole. The copious fluid pouring on my cock helped me stave off my orgasm as there was no friction, only Mom's contractions while she came. She rested on me with my prick fully embedded in her sheath, kissing her sister again. Rising off my saturated pole, Mom flopped down on the bed beside me, her legs wide apart. Mom's pussy gaped open, cum smeared in the forest of pussy hair and engorged lips.
Aunt Rachel stared at my still-hard cock and boomed, "Jesus, he's still hard. Didn't he cum?" Absorbing more information, she screamed, "Your son fucked you bareback! Are you protected, or does he pull out each time?"
Mom replied, "He didn't cum. You two had me so heated that I couldn't hold off my orgasm for him. And yes, he fucks me with his bare, fleshy prick. My pussy has been overflowing with sperm from my horny son. Rachel, come here and look at how my son stretched out his poor mother's cunt."
I helped Rachel up and positioned her between Mom's outstretched legs. I moved behind my aunt, reached up, and massaged her full breasts while she stared at Mom's wanton display. Mom ran her fingers around her pussy and held up a sticky cum covered finger. "Come taste your big sister. Show us how you're as slutty as you look."
Aunt Rachel didn't hesitate and lowered her mouth to Mom's snatch, feasting on her older sister's cum-soaked pussy. She cleaned Mom's hairy mound, ending at her puffy slit.
She hoarsely chuckled, "Melissa, we're going to have to tame this bush of yours. I can see I have to give my sister some trimming lessons." She went back to licking Mom's cunt.
Caressing and stroking my aunt's back and thighs, I moved up and lined my hard cock up with her pussy. Rachel's attention was solely on pleasing my mother, paying no attention to her horny nephew. Without any warning, I slid my rock-hard cock into her tight cunt.
I bottomed out in one quick stroke, tearing through her sensitive pussy walls. She screamed in my mother's gash, wracked with sudden pleasure. I held onto her hips and slammed in and out of my horny aunt while she moaned and sucked on mom's pussy. She gripped Mom's clit in her lips and held it steady while I hammered away.
Mom took a tongue lashing from her sister, heating up fast. She breathed hard and gasped for breath. "Oh god, Rachel. If I knew you could eat pussy like this, I would have enlisted your help long ago. You're showing your slutty self now. Fucking your nephew and eating your sister's pussy at the same time. You're ready to cum again, aren't you? You're sex-starved, and you can't help it."
I moved my hands to my aunt's waist, pulling her body into mine while I assaulted her from behind.
My Mom teased my aunt again. "I am jealous of you, though, baby sister. My son is doggy fucking you. I can only imagine how it feels with his huge prick sawing in and out of your tight box."
Gasping for air while holding onto Mom's clit challenged her, but my aunt managed to hump back to my thrusts.
"Feel his head, Rachel? It's like a large plum shoved in your cunt, right? It stretches your tight pussy each time he shoves it in. Its flared edge scrapes and stretches the walls of your hot snatch. Don't hold back; let yourself go!"
My aunt couldn't move her mouth anymore, keeping it locked onto Mom's clit. Her body shook while she neared another orgasm.
Mom moaned from her sister's actions when she responded to my aunt's previous comment. "I'd like to shave off my bush, but my son gets turned on by a big, hairy pussy. He loves running his fingers through my mound of hair. Sam, think of the first time you stared at your mother nude while fucking your horny aunt."
How did she know I loved her hairy pussy? I couldn't recall commenting on it, but now that she mentioned it, images flashed through my mind when I lifted the sheet revealing her full, bushy pussy. The sight of Monica's beautiful, black bush filled my head. Blood gushed into my already hard prick, expanding it, increasing the friction against my aunt's pussy walls. I slammed in so hard I was afraid my aunt's forward motion might injure Mom's open cunt.
Escalating too quickly, I switched my thoughts to non-sexual topics to keep from cumming. Rachel's body shook while my stiff prick battered her pussy. Her channel exploded and contracted on my cock. I continued to fuck through her convulsions, barely holding off on my orgasm. She sucked on Mom's ravaged cunt when I pulled out of her sloppy canal. Remaining outside my aunt's squeezing snatch allowed me to cool off and not blow my load.
Moving up to Mom, I waved my cum covered cock in front of her face and asked, "Mom, could you clean off your sister's mess." Wasting no time, she gripped it by the base and licked up and down the shaft, drinking in Rachel's cum. Unwilling to tempt fate by putting it in her hot mouth, she licked the outside of my stem, allowing me to cool off. Suddenly she quit licking and let go of my prick when her body tightened and shook, climaxing on her sister's tongue.
Aunt Rachel cleaned Mom's juices from her overworked pussy, exclaiming, "Damn. If that's what a hairy pussy does to your son, I may have to let mine grow out."
Mom was sexually spent, her face expressing a look of contentment and satisfaction. I moved behind Rachel and caressed her back and legs while she recovered. When she rose, I reached out and pulled her off to bring her up to me, holding her tight. Our eyes locked, and I didn't see the same satisfied look as in my mother's eyes.
Lust dominated her facial expression, but something else was missing. There was a hidden pleading for something she dearly desired. Simultaneously, we moved our mouths closer, lightly kissing each other. Our tongues ran against each other's lips while we sensuously connected. We hugged tightly as our kissing increased in intensity.
Our melded bodies trapped my prick. My aunt's fat breasts squished out the sides while hugging me tightly. Our hard nipples meshed together while we twisted and turned our bodies for maximum contact. I ran my hands down her smooth back and cupped her ass. Holding and squeezing her firm buns, our kiss intensified into a lover's kiss.
"Sam, I love being with you. Your manly scent drives me crazy whenever I get close to you," my sexy aunt exclaimed, lifting one leg to my side. I held her thigh with one hand and her ass with my other. She jumped up, locking her other leg around me while holding onto my shoulders. Our bodies smashed together while I lifted her by her ass. Her pussy juices left a slime trail on my stomach while she rose higher.
Her slot was open and above my stiff pole when I lowered her. She sucked on my neck while my prick separated her tight pussy walls. Suddenly I dropped her to the bottom, impaling her on my spear. She locked her mouth on my neck, squealing in delight. She dug her nails into my back while I fucked her. I knew a hickey would appear in the morning from my aunt sucking my flesh.
Mom caught our attention when she said, "Sam, make love to your aunt the way you should. Make love to her as you did me the first time, missionary style. She deserves a proper fucking from my son."
I lowered Rachel on top of the bed, keeping my cock jammed deep in her hairless hole. As I dropped her the final foot and fell on top of her, air rushed out of her lungs. We gently kissed while I stroked in and out, each of us lost in our world of sexual pleasure.
My hands roamed over her smooth skin and ended up on her firm, meaty globes. I squeezed them hard, causing my aunt to moan with pleasure. My fingers sought out and found her stiff nipples. Looking into her lust-filled, green eyes, I twisted her teats while pumping in and out of her hungry cunt. She wrapped her legs around my waist in a scissors lock, increasing the depth of my strokes. She gasped for air and struggled to say something on her mind. She managed to stammer, "Melissa, did you mean it when you said both of you are unprotected when you have sex?"
Mom crawled up close to her ear, ran her tongue around the sensitive outside, and whispered, "Yes, Rachel. I'm going to have his baby, and you are, too. You want one. That's why your tiny-dicked husband left because you wanted a child. He wasn't big enough of a man to make you pregnant, seeking all those other women to assert himself. Let my son fill you with sperm and give you a baby."
Now it came out why she filed for divorce. My suspicions were correct. Fucking her hard now, she had trouble talking but managed to protest, falsely standing by her moral inhibitions. "Yes. I want a child, but your son seems wrong. I don't know if I can go through with it."
Mom quickly retorted, "You can't lie to your sister. You rented this room with the full knowledge it was Sam, and you paid to have him fill your horny pussy with his cum. Don't try to hide it now. Let your true feelings out and enjoy the best fuck you'll ever get."
Rachel's body shook while I rocked her body with my pounding. Relief swept through her face when she let loose and screeched, "You're right, Melissa. I've wanted a baby from your boy for a long time. I've wanted him for years, but I was afraid I'd hurt you. I thought I could do it without you knowing, but I don't care now. Fuck me hard, Sam. Fill me with your seed and make us a baby!"
I captured her mouth again, and we tongue fucked while my hands gripped her ass, helping her humping hips meet my thrusts. My cock slammed against her back wall each stroke, causing hot air to gush from her lungs each time.
She pulled her mouth away to gasp and catch her breath. Her thrashing was uncontrolled and erratic, making it impossible to maintain a smooth stroking. I felt her body tense up and shake. Loud enough for the hotel lobby staff to hear, she screamed, "Oh god! I'm cumming on my nephew's cock. It's so damn good! Fill me with your sperm, Sam. Please!"
I kissed her again, thrusting my expanded prick into her hot snatch. Her pussy contracted hard, preventing me from entering more than halfway. I pulled back out to her entrance and tried again. Her pussy convulsed again, stopping my fleshy ram. As soon as her contraction ended, I shoved hard, allowing my fat head to plow through her clenched walls. My brain signaled my balls to send a load of hot cum up and out the tip. My first glob of baby-batter flooded her cavity, releasing millions of sperm.
Feeling my load of cum fill her starving cunt, her body arched up and shook while she screamed out in intense pleasure. Her pussy contracted harder than the first two times while my prick remained buried to the hilt. I kept pumping load after load into my horny aunt while her clasping pussy milked my spitting snake. Her cavern was filled with so much gooey cum that no amount of pussy contractions would slow me down. I kept fucking her after I dumped my payload, attempting to pack my sperm to the bottom.
Her body went limp when she lowered her legs to the bed. The same content look spread across her face as I had seen on Mom. She whispered, "Thank you, Sam. I am completely satisfied, better than I've felt for a long time."
Her expression of pleading changed to joy and satisfaction. I kissed her and said, "You're going to be a great mother. To ensure you get pregnant, we should repeat this several times, don't you think?"
She giggled and spewed, "Yes. We have to make sure." We gently kissed while I lowered my weight to her and melded as one again. After several minutes of bonding, I rolled over, positioning myself between my favorite two relatives. They rolled onto their sides to face me. Caressing my body, the three of us recovered from the incestuous couplings.
*****
Exhausted, I soon fell asleep. My deep sleep ended three hours later when I woke up with an urgent need to pee. Mom was nearest the bathroom, so I gently moved my leg over her to get off the bed. She was on her side, and my morning wood scraped across her hip while I made my way to the edge of the bed.
She stirred in her sleep, rolling over on her back. Seeing she didn't wake up, I proceeded to the bathroom. I closed the door and briefly considered taking care of my hard-on to relieve myself, but with two sexy women feet away, I wasn't going to use my hand.
Minutes flew by while I waited until I softened enough to drain my bladder. Finding myself dehydrated from the previous night's activities, I gulped down two glasses of water. Turning off the bathroom light, I opened the door to crawl back into bed. I lifted the sheet and straddled Mom to move over to the center.
Her beautiful breasts slowly heaved up and down. Resisting my desire to fondle and suck on her meaty globes, I surveyed the rest of her body. As soon as I caught sight of her mound of fur, my prick filled with blood, rising and scraping across Mom's soft stomach.
Thinking back to our time in the parking lot, she said I could do whatever I wanted. Would she be upset if I spread her legs and sank my stiff prick into her delightful pussy? Looking at her restful face, deep in sleep, I decided I wouldn't wake her up for my enjoyment. I loved her too much. Lowering down, I lightly pressed my mouth to hers. I kissed her gently while inhaling her wonderful scent. My hard cock throbbed, pressed into her soft stomach.
I eased my leg over and laid down flat between them. Mom didn't wake up during my kiss, but stirred in her sleep, turned on her side, and scooted close to me. She moved her leg over mine and draped her arm over my chest while she soundly slept. I quickly drifted off, listening to Mom's steady breathing.
Another three hours of restful sleep lapsed while I dreamed of our incestuous fucking. I relived our recent couplings and the intense pleasure derived from the women I loved. I started to awaken, feeling someone caressing my chest and the blissful erotic feeling of someone humping on top of my prick. Opening my eyes, I watched my beautiful mother's lip close in. She gently kissed me while rubbing her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Good morning. How did you sleep?" Mom rose, allowing me to see it was Rachel fucking herself on my rod. Her ass faced me with her head near my feet. Groaning so loud that she couldn't hear our conversation, it was evident that she had been enjoying my prick for a while. I replied, "I slept well, and hopefully, I can wake up like this every day."
She smiled and explained, "She woke up horny, and I'll have you the rest of the day. I told her to enjoy herself and jump on. Of course, she thinks she gets to drain your hot spunk into her hungry pussy, but your horny mother needs it more than she does."
I could usually last longer when I didn't have to work at it, but Rachel's pussy was bending and twisting my cock, intensifying my excitement. She expertly used my prick to connect with her sensitive spots. Her panting was swift and heavy, nearing her climax. She firmly held my ankles for support while furiously humping up and down my slippery shaft.
Detecting my rise in excitement from my breathing, Mom leaned close to me and whispered, "Hold on. Save your load of cum for your mother. Think of something else while I take care of your aunt."
Reaching out, she snaked her hand around to the back of my dick, coating her fingers with our juices. Rachel yelped when Mom massaged her sister's clit. Her body shook from Mom's squeezing fingers gripped around her sensitive nub.
Rachel stopped her up and down strokes, resting on my groin with my shaft fully stuffed in her snug glove. Enjoying several mini-orgasms from Mom's manipulating fingers, she smashed her face between my legs, gasping for air.
Mom quickly brought her hand to Rachel's ass and ran it through her sister's crack. Positioning her fingers at Rachel's puckered asshole, she pushed three digits in, causing an immediate orgasm and shriek from my aunt with both of her holes filled.
Juices flowed down my shaft when my aunt climaxed. Remaining on my hard prick after her contractions, we stayed connected until her breathing returned to normal. She slowly extracted herself, releasing my hard cock from her wet snatch.
Rachel was sweating and looked tired from the early morning fuck when she fell flat on her back. She revived herself enough to reprimand Mom. "Dammit, Melissa. You caused me to come before I was ready. I wanted your son's cum to fill me."
Mom smiled and snickered, "Sorry, Sis. My pussy is on fire, and my son has the hose to quench it. Don't underestimate a mother's desire for her horny son. I'll reward you, though, for your sacrifice."
She knelt between Rachel's legs and leaned down to latch her mouth onto Rachel's leaking pussy. She licked and cleaned up her sister's nectar, sticking her tongue into her stretched hole, causing Rachel to moan in pleasure, quickly forgiving Mom.
I crawled out of bed and stood by them, watching the sisters enjoy their coupling. While Mom sucked her sister's hot snatch, she elevated her ass, spreading her legs. Positioning myself behind Mom, I remained still, fascinated at the erotic sight.
Mom's long, toned legs framed her hairy pussy and wet gash. An image of Monica in the same position flashed before me while I mentally compared the two women I loved most. I imagined Monica and Mom side by side and made myself a promise to make it happen shortly. Monica had thinner legs and creamier skin, but Mom's firm thighs were sexy in their own right.
Between Mom's lovely legs, I could see her tits swaying while she slurped on Rachel's pussy. I moved close enough to rub my cum-coated cock up and down her thighs. Mom twisted her hips around, spreading her legs wider apart in preparation for the doggy fuck she had been yearning for since I fucked her sister the previous night.
I pulled back far enough to run my hands up to the inside of her thighs to her open pussy. Teasing her outer lips briefly with my slick fingers, I ran my hands back down her thighs. Repeating this process several times elevated Mom's excitement, causing her to hump her hips. Moving up to her firm ass, I massaged and squeezed her cheeks. Spreading them apart, I revealed her puckered asshole above her hairy pussy. I ran my hands back down to her groove and spread my fingers out as I ran through her forest of soft fur.
Closing my fingers, I pulled down and out to open her pussy. Already wet in anticipation, her gaping hole pulsated as if it was milking a cock. Inching near her, I placed my blood-filled head at the mouth of her greedy gash. Her fat pussy lips snapped down on it while she moved her ass back, trying to swallow her son's shaft. I pulled back with her movement allowing only the head to enter. Her hips stopped, and I rewarded her with a few more inches of hard cock.
Her pelvis humped back once again, trying to suck in my shaft. I pulled back until her hips stopped. I slithered my one-eyed snake back in, opening her tight walls. Halfway in, I stopped. She didn't move, moaning with delight while munching on her sister's cunt. Reaching up to hold her waist for leverage, I sunk my cock to the bottom of her tight sheath, stopping when my balls slapped the top of her pussy.
Her lungs emptied while she groaned loudly. She released her mouth from Rachel's pussy, burying her face in her sister's soft stomach while she struggled to breathe. Leaving my shaft buried to the hilt, I moved my hands up her torso feeling her sweaty hot skin. Finding her hanging breasts, I squeezed and mauled her heavy globes while I pulled my coated shaft out to her entrance and forcefully shoved it back to the bottom. My prick split her walls apart when my fat, flared head plowed through her soft folds.
Using her breasts to pull her body back, I plowed into her juicy box. The heat emanating from her quivering pussy was like a blast furnace when I descended each time. She inched up Rachel's body while I pounded her hungry cavern. When Mom rested her face between her sister's breasts, Rachel pushed her ample tits together, halting Mom's forward movement. While I continued to fuck my mother, my fingers found and captured her sensitive nipples. She groaned in pleasure while her pussy and tits sent signals to her brain.
Continuing to pump my steel-hard rod in and out of her tight pussy, I gripped her nipples and pulled them, stretching out her tits. She yelped like a puppy while her pussy shook, experiencing several mini-orgasms. Slick cum flowed around my cock while I fucked her through her minor contractions. Releasing her nipples, I gently caressed her breasts while I slowed my pace, allowing us to recover.
She raspily yelped, "Jesus. You're fucking your mother so good. Your prick feels like it's twice its normal size, stuffed into my horny pussy. I'm going to require more doggy fucking in the future. Keep fucking Mommy!"
Obeying my mother, I increased my pace, ensuring I scraped her sensitive spots in her tight pussy. She latched onto Rachel's engorged nipple. Rachel held Mom's head firmly to her breast while I fucked my beautiful mother. Rachel closed her eyes, enjoying her sister's sucking mouth. Her face reflected her pleasure while participating in the sinful incestuous coupling.
Mom was right, of course; this was the best fuck ever. Her pussy was as tight and hot as her skin. Juices leaked out of her tight snatch, matting our pubic hair, my prick battering her soaked pussy. Loud squishing noises and the slap-slap-slap sounds of my balls against her cunt filled the room.
Traveling down her hot skin, my hands stopped several inches below her swinging breasts. Spreading my fingers out, they sunk between each rib and squeezed tight. I could feel her heart pumping at an elevated rate. Stopping my hip movement, I fucked her by pulling her back and forth, using her ribcage as leverage. Her mini-orgasms didn't satisfy her lustful cravings, her moaning growing louder. Her globes of succulent tit flesh swung back and forth, colliding with Rachel's torso while she attempted to suck milk out of her sister's nipples.
Fearing I was going to bruise her body, holding her so tight, I brought her pelvis back to collide with my groin. Buried to the root, I stopped fucking her to catch my breath and calm down before elevating her to a major orgasm.
Bringing my hands down to her pelvis, I gripped her hip bones. Stroking gently in and out, I admired the view of our coupling. Her curvy body enhanced her beautifully smooth flesh. My prick was white and frothy from our mixed juices. Looking below my coated cock, I noticed Rachel's pussy open and wet, also quivering with excitement. Moving up closer so I could go deeper, I fucked her faster. Changing my pace, I thrust in the first few inches, withdrew, and rapidly thrust back in. I repeated a dozen times, then sunk my cock down to the bottom of her velvety sheath.
Her breathing rate and groans increased while I fucked her at a furious pace. I repeated the short, fast fucking, sinking to the bottom of her starving pussy every dozen strokes. Anticipating when my prick descended, she arched her back to facilitate deeper penetration. Her groaning turned to a whimpering sound when she stopped sucking on her sister's tit, holding her nipple tight between her lips.
Her pussy vibrated and released more pussy juice, anticipating her major orgasm. Stopping my short stroking rotation, I fucked her slow and deep, hitting bottom each time. Even with her cavern full of lubricating sex juices, her pussy wrapped tight around my stiff prick each time it sank into her depths.
Halting my movement, I held her steady. My hard prick was firmly buried deep in her snug pussy. A feeling of empowerment swept through me. She wouldn't thrust back because of my earlier teasing. She didn't want to take the chance I'd pull out my cock, giving her so much pleasure. Less than a week ago, she was in total control as my mom. Now she was obeying her son like a sex slave.
During the pause, Mom murmured, "Please, Sam. Fuck me to a climax. Don't tease me anymore. I want to feel your hot sperm fill my pussy. I'm going to cum on your big cock pretty soon, regardless. Please be kind to your mother and flood my cunt with your cum."
Rachel piped, "Yes. My nipples can't take much more. Please fuck your mother to an orgasm. Or if you want, you can put it in another willing hole." I looked down to see my sexy aunt flex her hips, looking for a hard prick.
My eyes locked with Rachel's while I reached down and jammed three fingers deep in her wet cunt, stroking in and out as she bucked with excitement. I answered, "Sorry, Rachel. This load is for my sexy mother." I pulled my fingers out and held Mom again.
Feeling remorseful about teasing Mom earlier, I slowly pulled my shaft out to the entrance of her pussy. I swiped my head up and down her slit, rubbing it across her sensitive clit. Holding her tight, I popped my prick through her tight puffy outer lips and said, "Mom, it's your turn to fuck me. Show your motherfucking son how much you want him. Fuck me the way you want it!"
Her hips flew back so hard that I barely held myself from falling backward. My hands held tight while she went wild, bucking and fucking her son as hard as she could. Moving her ass up and down while moving to and fro caused my prick to hit areas seldom touched. Releasing Rachel's nipple to catch her breath, her groaning grew louder, using my cock to scrape along her sensitive walls.
Mom fucked me like I was the last man on earth. My breaths were short and rapid while my prick took a beating it hadn't had to endure before. I wanted this to last forever, but hot blood surged into my cock, signaling my approaching orgasm.
I gripped her thighs and timed my strokes with her frantic humping. It wasn't necessary to tell Mom I was ready to come when my prick expanded. Feeling her pussy and body tremble in anticipated excitement, I screeched, "Mom, your pussy is wet and tight. I can't believe I'm fucking my beautiful mother. Don't pass out this time. It'll be our best orgasm ever. I'm filling my mom's pussy with sperm!"
Hearing this, my aunt retorted, "You passed out fucking your son? Wow, you are one horny mother. And you call me a slut. Kiss me, you son-fucking slut."
The two sisters locked their mouths together, fucking each other's mouths. I held Mom tightly and fucked her hard. My helmeted head filled with blood, increasing my difficulty shoving in and out of her tight channel. My balls filled up, and it felt like they were trying to eject my entire reservoir of sperm at once. My shaft tunnel wasn't large enough to allow for that much volume.
My prick enlarged to accommodate the large lake of sperm boiling through it. Mom's spasming pussy continued to contract, attempting to coax out the river of hot cum flowing up my shaft. The large head of my prick felt like it exploded when the first load of hot, baby-batter shot out, bathing her insides.
She screamed in ecstasy when I felt a shock of intense pleasure surging through my prick to the rest of my body. Enjoying the most erotic fuck of my life, I pulled back and pushed in again to release another load of cum. Mom's pussy rapidly contracted tight, enhanced by the feeling of her son's sticky sperm filling her cavity.
Mom's body turned rigid when she released her sister's mouth to gasp for air. Her pussy flooded with cum, facilitating deeper penetration. In case she passed out again, I held her tightly, but thankfully, I heard her groan in pleasure, staying conscious to enjoy our sinful mother-son coupling.
Her pussy milked out every drop of cum from my erupting cock. When she relaxed, I shoved my cock to the bottom, letting it soak in her flooded cavern. I could feel hot fluid coating our genital areas when her cavity couldn't contain the copious amount of cum. Leaning down, I kissed her back while caressing her sides. Mom and Rachel panted, recovering from the intimate mother-son connection. We remained joined together, savoring the post-coital bliss from our erotic fuck.
Starting to soften, I regretted I wouldn't be able to fuck my beautiful mom again. I was the first to break the silence. "Damn. Your pussy is overflowing with cum. I've never blown out that much. We're going to make a mess on the bed."
Mom replied, "Don't worry. I'll clean you, and my sister will be happy to take care of my filled pussy."
Several blobs of cum spilled down on Rachel's bare stomach when I pulled my prick from Mom's cum-filled hole. Turning around, Mom lowered her still dripping pussy to her sister's waiting mouth. I heard Rachel slurping away while she greedily ate our mixed cum. Mom held my shaft by my base and licked up and down my length, expertly cleaning it. She enclosed my sensitive head in her mouth and gently licked it. Traveling down my shaft, she slurped on my balls until our mixed cum was cleaned up.
Looking down, I glimpsed Rachel moving her hips, her pussy leaking juice. Feasting on our cum-cocktail rapidly turned her on. Mom reached down and scraped her fingers across her sister's stomach, capturing our leaked, sticky fluid. Inserting her coated fingers into Rachel's hungry cunt, she moved them in and out, causing Rachel to groan in Mom's pussy.
Removing her fingers, Mom pulled me to her mouth. We sensually kissed while her sister sucked our juices from her pussy. Mom backed off and whispered, "She's ready to come again. Be a good nephew and help your aunt out."
Gladly compiling, I leaned down and stuck three fingers into Rachel's wet hole. I fucked her fast and furious while she bucked her hips to meet my intruding digits. She was already close to her orgasm when I captured her fat clit between my lips and lightly squeezed. Her body shook, climaxing on my fingers and mouth. I replaced my hand with my tongue while I drank her sweet nectar through her climax.
Extracting Mom from her sister, I pulled her up to me. We stood at the bottom of the bed, melding our sweaty bodies together while admiring her sexy, nude sister. We gently kissed with our sweaty bodies pressed together.
Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly while she rested her head next to mine. I felt her hot breath while we enjoyed our sensual post-coital moment. Seeing it was seven in the morning, I whispered, "Mom, it's still early. We don't have to go home, do we?"
Mom replied, "I love you more than you know, and now that my sister has joined in with us, I feel complete. We do have a late checkout, but we girls require our beauty sleep. Cuddle with us."
She pulled me down to the bed, and they resumed their position on either side of me, gently caressing my body while they put their hot legs over mine, trapping me in a pile of sexy familial flesh. Falling into a sound sleep again, I wondered who would be fucking me the next time I woke up.
Three hours later, I was brought out of my sleep when sunlight flooded the room. Someone was caressing my chest, but much to my dismay, no one was enjoying my morning wood. When my eyes opened, I watched Mom return from raising the blinds before crawling back into bed. She kissed me, her hands joining my aunt's, caressing my body.
Mom declared, "Good Morning, again. Hopefully, you slept as well as my sister and me. We're getting ready to leave. Rachel has some errands to do today."
My aunt added, "I wish I didn't have to go. I'd love to stay, but we'll have plenty of time together. The two of us are going to wear you out. We don't want to break our favorite toy." Rachel gently held my semi-hard cock, while Mom rubbed my chest.
Mom replied, "You mean the three of us."
Rachel asked, "Three? Who else?"
Mom replied, "You haven't met your nephew's soon-to-be wife, have you? Her name is Monica, and she's very sexy and charming."
My mind flashed to Monica's body when Mom mentioned her name. My prick filled with blood when visions of our fucking flashed through my mind.
Rachel squeezed my cock while it expanded and exclaimed, "My, she must be some girl by Sam's reaction. I can't wait to meet her and welcome her into our family. Unfortunately, I have to get going. I won't be able to enjoy this until tonight." She stroked my shaft several times before she left the bed and vanished into the bathroom.
I looked at Mom and pleaded, "She doesn't have time, but we do, don't we, Mom?"
Mom smiled and took over, stroking my prick and giggling, "We have to get back home. But first, get in there and help Rachel clean up." Emphasizing her meaning, she firmly gripped my prick, twisted it, and pointed it towards the bathroom.
"After you help your aunt in the shower, we can go home, where you'll clean up your dirty, slutty mother."
I leaned over and kissed Mom while my hand squeezed her nearest breast. I murmured, "You are such a caring sister. I love you, Mom."
The sound of the shower door opening and shutting prompted me to say, "Sounds like it's time for Aunt Rachel to get a thorough scrubbing." I left for the bathroom, my prick swinging back and forth, ready to fuck my beautiful aunt.
Thanks for reading. Continued in Breeding for Mom Pt. 02
Author's note:
All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of eighteen years.
This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the intent of impregnation. It does not include anal.
It felt good to be back in my room. After my first year of attending a university, I was back home for the summer. My name is Sam, and I live with my mom Melissa. My dad died more than a dozen years ago. Last year Mom bought the house we're now living in, located forty miles from where we used to live. We moved here right after my eighteenth birthday.
The large house was more than we required, but it was the best value for the location. I picked one of the bedrooms on the upper floor. We turned the other bedroom on the floor, which shared a bathroom with mine, into a study. Mom's master suite was at the end of a long hallway off the dining room, and the living room overlooked the back of the property. Large windows face the gardens in the backyard, providing a peaceful and quiet atmosphere. A couple of other bedrooms, located along the hallway to Mom's master suite, were turned into hobby rooms.
Her sister, Rachel, convinced Mom to move here to be closer to her. She divorced her husband three years ago and longed for her sister's companionship. My aunt finally convinced Mom to relocate. Mom wasted no time moving here as soon as I graduated. Neither have regretted it and have been inseparable. They have shown no interest in men, preferring to spend their time together.
Physically similar, they would have no trouble attracting men if they desired. They are brunettes, although my aunt dyed her hair blonde last year. Both have their hair cut short, which frames their beautiful faces perfectly. Mom's large, deep brown eyes make you feel better immediately when she looks at you. She has long, toned, firm legs, proudly showing them off when wearing short skirts. Her breasts aren't huge but large enough to sexily push out her tight blouses.
Aunt Rachel's deep green eyes accent her blonde hair. I thought she was sexy before changing, but her new hair color made her look even better. At twenty-six, she's eleven years younger than Mom. Her breasts appear bigger than Mom's, and her luscious legs look similar.
My mood has always been at its best when I'm around either of them. We have a large garden at our new house, and the three of us worked together, keeping it maintained. We usually treated ourselves to dinner or a movie after a day of hard work. My aunt lived a few blocks away and routinely walked over to visit us.
Rachel never mentioned her ex-husband, but she did obtain the house and a substantial amount of money after the divorce. Mom told me it was due to a dispute concerning children but wouldn't divulge whether my aunt wanted offspring or he did. Without hearing the true story, but knowing him, I suspected he had an affair.
Our time together the last few years has really bonded Mom and me, working and playing together. Mom rented an apartment for me at the university, thinking it would be more comfortable than living in a dorm. I figured it was an incentive to keep me at school, allowing her to develop a relationship. Coming home once a month would give Mom plenty of freedom, but as far as I could tell, she wasn't dating. After three months, Mom pleaded with me to come home every weekend because she and my aunt missed my company. Gladly accepting her proposal, I changed my schedule according to Mom's wishes.
My time with Mom and my aunt increased my sexual frustration. When I arrived back at school on Sunday night, I'd call up one of the girls I cycled through. They didn't know why they received such a good fucking each time I returned, and I wasn't honest enough to tell them I was fantasizing they were my mother. I picked girls that looked similar to Mom or Aunt Rachel, avoiding an emotional attachment to any of them. They made it clear they were with me for the sex and didn't want to get tied down to anyone during school, so I didn't mind using them to stave off my incestuous lust.
Mom and Rachel remained close, neither dating. They devoted their full attention to me when I came home for the weekends, and I looked forward to being with them through the summer. Jealous men stared at us when we'd go out on the town. My aunt dressed less conservative, although, much to my dismay, neither would go braless.
Eating out was especially hard as I would sit by Mom with Rachel across from us. She wore a bra, but her dresses showed a lot of cleavage from her full, meaty breasts. She often caught me staring at her chest through dinner, not saying anything to my mother. She would go back to talking to Mom, smiling while acknowledging the admiration of her sexy wares.
*****
Mom interrupted my daydreaming, calling me for dinner. She had prepared one of my favorite meals to celebrate my homecoming. While we sat across from each other, I found myself longingly staring at her beauty. She even asked me a couple of times whether I didn't like my food since I wasn't eating much. It was hard to break away to eat, but I didn't want to hurt her feelings in her attempt to please me. Her eyes were magnets, deep brown and beautiful, a window to her soul.
After finishing, we retired to the living room to discuss our gardening plans. It was the time of year we'd have to do a lot of work to get them in shape for summer. She told me Rachel was anxious to come over and help, which wouldn't help subdue my aroused state. Unfortunately, I would have to seek a seasonal job to help pay for my escalating education costs. Summer employment would severely limit the time that I could spend with my two favorite ladies.
I was tired after the long trip and went to bed early, putting off job hunting until morning. I fell asleep fast, thinking of past images of Mom and my aunt. I woke up earlier than usual and went downstairs to the kitchen. Mom had a daily newspaper delivered, and whenever I was home, we'd share it while eating breakfast. I retrieved it and started to read while waiting for Mom's arrival.
*****
Mom's door creaked open, and I heard her faint footsteps patter down the hall. She lightly kissed me on the back of my neck. "Good morning, Sam. You're up early." I could smell her natural scent while her lips burned my flesh.
"Yes, I am. I slept well and wanted to start looking for a job," I replied while watching my mother walk around me to the counter. My gaze froze when I saw her blue nightie, barely covering her full, firm ass. It wasn't a see-through, but it clung to her tight enough, making it obvious she was nude underneath.
While she filled the coffee machine, my eyes locked onto her long, bare legs. It wasn't the first time I'd seen them, but they still excited me when displayed. When she finished and turned, I quickly looked down at the paper, disguising the fact I was leering. While she walked by me to go back to her room, my eyes lustfully followed her sexy body.
After a few minutes, she returned in a robe to prepare breakfast. She must come out to the kitchen each morning right after awakening and start the coffee machine before returning to her room to change. I had gotten up early before, and she always wore her robe. I wondered if she had changed her routine when I started college.
I made a mental note not to allow sleep to interfere with my early morning delight. Hopefully, Mom wouldn't revert to wearing her robe before coming out to start up the coffee in the future.
We talked while she cooked. After we ate and finished reading the paper, I helped her clean up. When done, she asked, "What are you going to do today while I'm at work?"
"Mostly looking for a job, but I'll find some time to work in the garden, too. I want to contribute more to my college expenses. It's not fair that you're bearing most of the burden."
She smiled and replied, "I don't mind. You help out here so much that I'm getting my money's worth. If you find a job, promise me it's one you'll enjoy. I don't want you picking one just for the money."
"Thanks, Mom."
She hugged me, wished me luck, and left to get dressed to go to work. Retreating to my room, I surfed for job leads. A few minutes later, I heard Mom's car pull out. I looked out my window and watched her drive away. As soon as her car disappeared, I was in bed, stroking my rock-hard cock, reliving the sight of her nightie-clad body. I didn't last long, coating my stomach with globs of hot cum.
I didn't have much luck finding a job, so I decided to take a break and go out. I stopped at the grocery store and picked up some items Mom had written on a list on the table. When I arrived home, Mom was already there. She greeted me with a hug, and I asked her if anything was wrong. She smiled and said, "I took off early to spend more time with you before you start a job. Unless you don't want me to."
"That sounds great, Mom," I replied. "It'll be fun hanging out together."
We walked around the garden, discussing what to do for the next few days. While we ate dinner later that night, I told her I wasn't having any luck finding a job. She looked disappointed before grinning and saying, "You never know; maybe something will come up."
Soon after, I retired to the living room to watch TV while Mom went to her room. She left the door open, and I could hear her talking on the phone, probably catching up with a friend. Their conversation was too faint to comprehend the content, but I did hear her say goodbye.
She came out and sat by me on the couch, wrapping her arm around me to hug me. I could feel the heat from her body and her breath when she told me she would help me with a job. I turned and looked into those beautiful eyes while she continued to tell me she was talking with her friend Sharon regarding some available work. I remembered Sharon from our old neighborhood. She was Mom's age and was equally hot.
"Sharon has quite a bit of work to do around her house and is willing to pay you good money to help," Mom said.
Sharon was wealthy and would usually give me a twenty when we'd visit her; for my college fund, she'd say. I looked forward to good pay while working around a hot-looking woman.
"Thanks, Mom. That sounds great," I replied.
Mom smiled and kissed me on the cheek before returning to her room to call Sharon. She came out later and informed me I would start the next day. After a few more minutes, I told Mom I was heading to bed to get a good night's sleep. Setting my alarm to get up early, I drifted off fast.
*****
I was up and reading the paper, anxiously awaiting Mom's arrival. She made her appearance at the same time, wearing the same nightie. My plan worked while I leered at her scantily clad body. She repeated her routine, leaving and returning to fix breakfast in her robe. I told Mom I'd probably be late returning home since Sharon's house was an hour away. She hugged me goodbye, wishing me luck with my job. Her sexy, parting smile was enough to arouse my horny prick.
I made it to Sharon's place, and she was still as hot as I remembered. We reviewed the things she wanted to complete, and the list looked short enough that I was sure I could do it in a day, although Mom had told me there was a week's worth of work. After finishing the first item, I realized the main job Sharon wanted to accomplish was to have her pussy filled with a young hard cock. Her seduction plan wasn't complicated, leading me to her bedroom, stripping off her clothes, and begging me to fuck her hard.
She kept me in bed all day, obviously not getting the spousal sexual attention she required. She told me her husband was out of town on a business trip until the end of the week, probably fucking his secretary instead of attending meetings. She wasn't upset about his indiscretions as she was financially comfortable in their relationship. Neither of them desired a divorce and was satisfied with the status quo.
Exhausted from my workout, I arrived home late. Mom asked me how it went, and I told her there was a lot of hard work to do, which would keep me busy for the week. She smiled and told me how happy it made her knowing she was able to help with the arrangement. I went to bed early to get up for Mom's negligee showing.
Each day was a repeat of events starting with Mom in the morning and Sharon taking a sexual pounding during the day, allowing me to live out my incestuous fantasies. Sharon's sexual demands exhausted me so much one day that I blew it and slept past Mom's nightie show. Friday arrived too soon, signaling the end of my work week. I hoped Sharon would extend my time, but she explained she didn't want the neighbors to get suspicious and that she had enough memories to last a while. She thanked me with a day of sex, and I left with a check for five hundred dollars.
Mom had one of my favorite meals ready when I arrived home, and we discussed our weekend plans. We decided on several projects in the garden, and she mentioned that her sister would come over to help. I looked forward to spending a weekend with them. Signing and handing the check to Mom brought out a big smile when I told her to use it to help pay for college expenses.
After breakfast the next day, we worked in the garden. Shortly after we began, my aunt showed up, looking as good as ever. We had never felt comfortable hugging since she was close to my age. Instead, she stroked my arm with her hand in a greeting fashion, smiling wide and causing my groin to tingle. We toiled through the day, broke for lunch, and decided to dine out to celebrate our day of hard work.
Aunt Rachel went home to change while Mom and I picked her up on the way out. They were radiant at dinner, and I couldn't have been happier being out with these two beautiful women. Envious husbands stared at us while we dined. Sleep came easy after a full day of work.
*****
After breakfast, Mom pulled her chair to face mine. She sat down and scooted up closer, intertwining our legs. Her bare leg rubbed against mine under our robes when she leaned forward and stroked my arms. Her smooth, firm knees pressed along my hairy thighs sent electric shocks to my hardening cock.
"I have something important to discuss with you," Mom softly said while smiling. I stroked her arms in the same manner, relaxing both of us. Fortunately, my robe concealed my hard prick resulting from our close contact.
She stared at me as if she were trying to decide how to tell me what she had on her mind. I looked back into those brown eyes and immediately felt at ease.
"I had a long phone conversation with Sharon last night," she started.
My relaxed state dissipated, fearing what Sharon had told Mom.
"Sharon thinks she's pregnant," she divulged, still staring at me.
I could only imagine the panic-stricken look sweeping across my face. I hadn't used protection with Sharon. She pulled me tight each time when I flooded her cunt with cum. I had wrongly assumed she was on some kind of birth control.
"It's your baby, Sam," she continued.
Angst swept through me while my hands squeezed tightly on Mom's arms. What an idiot I had been, forgetting about protection. My mind raced with the implications of getting someone pregnant. Mom could see my discomfort and moved her hands to mine, pulling them away and holding them tight, smiling widely, amused at my predicament.
"Relax, it's okay. Sharon wanted to conceive. She told me how she seduced you and had tricked you into thinking she was protected," Mom quietly said, attempting to calm me. Moving her hands to my arms, she stroked up and down to ease the tension.
Taking a deep breath, I replied, "Wow, Mom. I had no idea. And you're okay with this? Does she want anything from me?"
"She wanted a baby, and her husband couldn't give her one," Mom explained. "She's elated and doesn't want anything from you. You know, it's not uncommon," she said, locking her eyes with mine.
"Not uncommon?"
Explaining further, she stated, "Yes. Wealthy women routinely find a young man to impregnate them when their husband can't or doesn't want to."
"Why don't they go to a fertility clinic and get inseminated," I asked, more relaxed from Mom's gentle caressing.
"They usually prefer the more discreet method. Most of the time, the husband won't allow it, afraid his colleagues might find out and think he is less of a man for it. Sharon asked me to have this talk with you to make sure you're okay. She hated not asking you in advance but feared you'd say no to her," she stated, looking for my reaction.
I smiled and said, "It's fine, Mom. I like Sharon, and I'm glad she's happy now. It was quite a workout last week, though."
"No details, Sam. A mother doesn't want to know those kinds of things," she laughed, breaking the tension.
She pulled back, and we went to change for another day of work in the garden. Aunt Rachel arrived mid-morning to help out. Several times Mom caught me staring at my aunt, bending over and displaying her ample cleavage. My face reddened, realizing I wasn't that sneaky, but Mom only smirked and continued to work. We ate at home, Rachel leaving right after.
After our showers, we relaxed on the couch, watching TV before retiring for the night. Mom draped her arm around me and stroked my upper arm again as she did in the morning. She moved my arm to do the same while we enjoyed the moment, massaging and bonding together. Her skin was smooth and soft. I could have remained there for the rest of the night. I gently squeezed her arm several times after she did it to me.
We were ready to call it a night when she looked over at me and said, "I enjoyed the time we spent together during the weekend. It was fun working and playing together again. I've missed your company more than I thought I would when you were at school."
I replied, "I always enjoy working in the garden with you and Aunt Rachel. It's going to be a bummer having to look for another job tomorrow." I secretly wondered if she had any more hot friends needing help.
As if she read my mind, Mom said, "Sharon told me some of her friends are jealous of her now," her eyes locked with mine. "You know, there is a way you can spend more time with me this summer and still earn money."
Observing my clueless look, she disclosed her plan. "Sharon says her friends would be willing to pay for the same service. It wouldn't take long, and you could spend more time here with Rachel and me."
Now it hit me. Mom wanted me to impregnate Sharon's friends. Trying to hide my excitement, I responded, "Gee, Mom, you want to pimp out your son? That doesn't sound legal."
Squeezing my arm harder, she replied. "Not pimping. It isn't sex. You'd be inseminating desperate women. We would provide a service they need; they're willing to pay well for it."
"Umm, Mom. You do realize sex is part of it, don't you? How about the legality of it? What if they want to come after me for child support or something?"
She explained the process in length. She assured me these women had no intention or desire to establish a relationship with me. They didn't even want to see my face during the process. It wouldn't be lovemaking; it would be a simple infusion of sperm. They required secrecy because they didn't want to involve anyone else. Sharon had a loyal attorney draw an agreement to protect both parties from further action. The women would be people we hadn't met to further cement anonymity.
The plan was well thought out. I wondered how long Mom and Sharon had been working on the details. It was hard to contain my excitement over my new summer job prospect. I replied, "Sure, Mom. I'll do it. Giving me more time to help around here will be nice."
"Great, Sam. I'm taking off work this week to spend more time together," she informed me, returning to the smooth-stroking on my upper arm.
*****
Sleep once again came easy, dreaming of my new summer job. Awakening early, I waited for Mom to show up for breakfast. She was late. I feared she'd sleep in since she took the week off. I was ready to return to my room when I heard her door open and close.
She kissed my neck and started the coffee machine. She wore a dark green and sleeveless nightie, which revealed a small strip of thigh meat while she glided around the kitchen. The other difference was that she didn't change, staying to prepare breakfast.
Once the food was ready, she served us and sat opposite me. Her new nightie had a thin gap in front which displayed a small amount of cleavage. I openly stared at the exposed flesh of the insides of her full breasts. She continued to eat as if nothing had changed. My prick was rock-hard through the meal. I barely heard her talk to me concerning the day's events.
"Sam! Did you hear me? I said I'm going to Sharon's for a while to work out the details," Mom said, breaking me out of my trance.
"Sorry, Mom. I was thinking about working in the yard," I lied.
As soon as we finished and I spotted her car going down the road, I was already stroking my prick, quickly cumming to the vision of my mother's sexy body. I worked in the garden, and Mom showed up several hours later. We ate and decided to go to the movies with Rachel in the afternoon. It was a pleasant day, but my thoughts centered on what she and Sharon had discussed today.
My aunt left for her house afterward, leaving Mom and me on the couch again.
Capturing my gaze, Mom said, "I met with a client at Sharon's and made arrangements for us to rendezvous tomorrow. Our client will show up here while you wait in your room. I won't introduce you to her. They don't want to be able to recognize you if they happen to see you later. I'll prepare her for the procedure. She'll be on my bed, covered with a sheet. Your job is to uncover her far enough to conduct your business. The client won't expose her face nor talk to you."
I nodded to acknowledge my instructions. Concerned whether I'd be able to get hard without any foreplay, I rebuked, "I don't know, Mom. No kissing, no talking, and slight touching. I don't know if I'll be able to perform with those restrictions."
Silent for a moment, thinking over what I said, she replied, "It might be a challenge. I'll let them know you may have to caress their legs to advance things, and you can talk to them if it helps. They won't respond to anything you say. They desire a successful outcome, so I'm sure they'll be tolerant for whatever it takes."
*****
Mom was once again clad in her green nightie while we ate breakfast. I went to my room to await the call for my services. I didn't change out of my robe, keeping my thoughts on anything but Mom. I didn't want to blow off a load prematurely. I heard a car pull up, and soon after, muffled voices drifted up from downstairs. Mom was preparing our client. Hearing a light knock on my door, I opened it to see Mom still clad in her nightie.
Seeing my surprised look, she explained, "Don't be alarmed, Sam. My style of dress makes for a more relaxed atmosphere for the clients."
I wasn't about to complain; I wouldn't mind if she wore it all day. She stroked my upper arms, holding me. I did the same, relishing in the texture of her smooth, soft skin. She asked, "Honey, we didn't talk about payment and how much you'd like after expenses."
"Mom, keep whatever you get," I replied. "You're putting me through college. You deserve it, and I don't need any money. You take care of everything as it is."
She smiled and pressed her thinly covered body to mine in a tight hug. I felt her braless tits squash my robe-covered chest while we stroked each other's arms. I quickly hardened and released her before it became too obvious. She smiled and told me to wait a few minutes before coming down. Apprehension swept through me while I anxiously waited to start my new summer job.
I nervously ventured downstairs to Mom's bedroom, closing the door behind me. I removed my robe, my prick already softening from the pressure of the situation. A silk sheet was attached to Mom's headboard, covering the woman's body to her feet.
Her breasts pushed up the sheet as well as her pelvic bones. I walked up close and moved the covering up, exposing her legs below her knees. They were a deep brown, not from her race, but from suntanning. This woman was a sun worshiper. Her legs were closed together, and her muscles tensed when I ran my hands up and down her lower legs.
Her skin felt tough, leathery, and dry from the damaging sun. Seeing her nervous state, I quietly spoke to her, attempting to ease her stress. I moved the sheet up further, stroking her upper legs and thighs. Her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was so uneasy that I was afraid we would have to cancel.
I was entirely soft as my mind raced to try to think of how to proceed to put this woman more at ease. Suddenly it hit me. She loved to bask in the sun and was probably proud of her tan.
While gently massaging her legs, I said, "Your legs are a beautiful shade of deep brown and really sexy." Feeling her muscles relax, I continued, "Imagine that you're tanning in the sun. You feel the warm sun rays hitting your skin." Her fingers relaxed while she escaped to her happy place.
While I stroked her thighs, I said, "Pretend that my hands are yours, spreading oil on your legs." It worked; her thoughts shifted to a more pleasant environment when she spread her legs apart a few more inches. Gently, I uncovered her pussy. A pillow was under her lower back, elevating her hips. I wasn't sure if this was part of the procedure to hold in my sperm or if it was to help me penetrate the woman without having to lie on top of her.
Her mound was smooth except for a landing patch above her slit. I could see a lighter tone of skin where she had worn a bikini bottom for much of the time she was in the sun. I slowly ran my fingers up and down her slit. Her legs were still too tight together to allow me to enter. My best chance would be to put her at ease in the setting she felt most comfortable.
"Your tan is unbelievable, perfectly toned and even," I told her, stroking her inner thighs. "Imagine you're soaking in the rays, relaxed and sexy."
Her body softened as she opened her thighs wider, allowing more access to her slit. She responded as I had hoped. Pressing on with the scene, I continued, "You must tan in your backyard, but you have to put on your bottoms when friends or a delivery man shows up."
Her hips excitedly moved while I proceeded with the fantasy. "I wish I was the lucky delivery man, coming in the yard and seeing a tanned, sexy, nude woman on display."
Moisture appeared on her slit, her fantasies overcoming her nervousness. "You need to be cautious when suntanning nude, not knowing when a friend or a family member will arrive unannounced."
Her body twitched when I said a family member. I was narrowing in on one of her hidden fantasies. "Your daughter might see you and get embarrassed seeing her nude mother. Or maybe even your son."
Her hips involuntarily bounced when I mentioned her son. I quickly formed a plan on how to proceed. I stroked her wet slit while she mulled over what I said. I hardened, knowing this woman was mentally fantasizing about her son.
"I can visualize how it might happen. One day you're tanning nude when you hear the phone ring in the house. You're slow to answer it, and the recorder is already on. You hear your son talking, and you're about to pick it up when you stop and let the answering machine take the call. He explains that he's getting off work and will be home earlier than normal. Thinking you're visiting friends, he tells you he's going to get some sun until you get back."
She opened her legs wider while I talked her through the incestuous fantasy. I alternated from stroking her thighs to caressing her engorged cunt lips. "You know why your son called. He lives at home, unable to afford his own place after graduation. He came home early once and caught you sunbathing nude. He yelled out in surprise, and when you looked up, he ran back inside. After you put your suit on, you went in to see him, carefully avoiding any discussion concerning the incident. His face was red, but more importantly, his pants bulged out. Your son's prick was rock-hard from looking at his beautiful, naked mother."
She moved her hands and cupped her ass cheeks, massaging them, raising her pelvic area to my exploring hands. She heated up with my fantasy. My manhood was at full attention, living out her mother-son seduction.
"You know what you should do as a good mother. Wearing your suit would be the proper course of action so you wouldn't embarrass him again. He doesn't think you're home, assuming you're out. Your excited, throbbing cunt overrides any sensible thoughts. You get up and move the lounge so your horny, motherly pussy will be on full display when he exits the door. Hearing his car pull in the drive, you position yourself and spread your legs to put on a show for your son. Your dark sunglasses prevent him from seeing you looking as if you're asleep."
Bringing her knees up, she spread her legs wide, opening her glistening groove as her fantasy unfolded. I massaged her pussy and the lightly tanned area surrounding her fiery hole. Her pale skin was much smoother and reminded me of Mom's arm when I stroked it.
Continuing with my story, I described, "You hear the patio door slide open and see him through your shades. He's wearing trunks and ready to sunbathe when he suddenly stops and stares at your nude body. He softly calls out your name, not loud enough to wake you but enough to see if you're sleeping. You remain silent. He advances closer, unable to take his eyes off your pussy. He pulls his trunks down, and you see your son's hard prick for the first time since he was a child. It's bigger than you imagined and rock-hard from staring at his mother's bare pussy."
She thrashed her hips while she visualized her aroused son standing before her. Her hands went to my back and stroked up and down. Inserting two fingers into her wet cunt, I slowly slithered them in and out of her leaking pussy.
"Your son slowly strokes his hard cock while staring at his mom's open gash. He cups his balls for a couple of strokes before proceeding back up to the head."
She moved her hands from my back to firmly wrap them around my prick. She followed the act I described her son was doing. She lightly squeezed my balls while pumping my slick shaft, twisting my fat, bulbous head on the upstroke. Both of us leaked love juices while we enacted our fantasy.
"You sense him move closer to the lounge. Your son's forbidden prick is dangerously close to your open pussy. He calls your name again, gaining confidence when you groan and moan, thinking you're dreaming. You murmur his name and hump your hips up as if you're fucking him in your sleep state. You hoarsely whisper your fantasy of how much you've yearned to have his hard prick jammed up your horny pussy."
Her hands left my prick and went to hold my sides. She gripped tightly, anticipating the moment her son fucked her. I closed the gap between us and ran my slippery, engorged head around the mouth of her pussy. She bucked up, capturing and pulling my prick into her hungry canal.
"Your son is hard as a rock now and couldn't pull out if he wanted to. He didn't want it to go this far, but mistakenly his prick entered his mother's sacred slot. Even though he thinks you're still asleep, he tells you he's sorry and asks for forgiveness. He's wanted to do this for a long time and can no longer deny himself. Proclaiming his love for you, he slides his hard cock into your horny pussy."
I fed my prick into her tight sheath. Her lubricated channel allowed me to push in until my balls hit her ass. I pulled back and plowed in again. She gasped for air under the sheet. I fucked her hard and fast for several minutes, elevating our passions. She humped and gyrated her hips, fully immersed in her incestuous fantasy.
Squeezing my waist hard, she pulled me in tight on each downstroke. I had already exceeded Mom's restrictions but decided to push the limit. My hands crept under the sheet, approaching her breasts. It was time to change my role-playing technique to be more personal.
"Oh, Mom! Your pussy is hot and tight. I've dreamed of this for years. I have to hold your tits. They're magnificent; I love you more than you know," I choked out. I cupped her meaty mounds, massaging her full globes while my cock pounded her pussy. Her head turned side-to-side under the sheet while her moaning grew louder.
Too many times, I had fantasized I was fucking my mother with my girlfriends but was careful not to call out my Mother's name nor exclaim the lustful feelings I harbored for my mother. Able to fully enact my fantasy, I fucked her furiously because she was my mother in my mind.
I captured her blood-engorged nipples between my fingers, tweaking and pulling her sensitive buds. We were both excited about the enactment, unable to last much longer. Her pussy quivered, humping up each stroke to pull me in as deep as possible.
"Oh, Mommy. I'm going to cum. I'm ready to blow my load. I don't think I can hold out any longer. I don't know if you're on protection; maybe I should pull out and ...,"
She wouldn't allow me to finish my fake dialogue. She grabbed my asscheeks and pulled me in as tight as she could. I screamed, "Mommy, I'm cumming in you. I'm filling your pussy with my sperm."
Streams of cum shot out the end of my prick into her welcoming hole. She came violently on my second release. Our mutual orgasms intensified our passions while we fucked as mother and son. I kept my prick embedded in her clasping cunt for several minutes after we finished. When I finally softened, I pulled out. Reaching down, I stuffed my fingers into her hole, attempting to cram as much sperm into her as possible.
"That's a giant load of cum in you, Mom. I imagine my sperm are fighting over your eggs from our first incestuous fuck. I'm so lucky to have such a hot mother," I croaked, slowly pulling my fingers out. She closed her legs tight, trapping my fingers in her filled pussy. It was her silent approval.
Backing off, I pulled the sheet down to cover her. Slipping on my robe, I wondered whether this would be my last job since I disobeyed several of Mom's rules. After returning to my room, I jumped in the shower. I heard Mom's bedroom door click open and close while washing off the smell of sex.
While drying off, our client's car left. When I met Mom downstairs, she wore work clothes. She smiled and said, "Let's work on the garden. It's a beautiful day."
She didn't mention my performance while toiling in the soil, both of us pretending my mother hadn't just set me up to fuck a woman.
After dinner, she sat by me on the couch and wrapped her arm around me. I did the same, and we stroked each other's upper arms while watching a comedy. She broke the silence, asking, "How'd it go this morning? Do we need to modify any of the procedures?"
"It was nearly a disaster. It was more difficult than I thought to perform without any foreplay," I replied.
She showed her dismay, hugging me tightly in consolation.
After languishing in the hug for a minute, I continued, "Caressing her legs didn't help much. Her skin was tough and leathery from tanning long hours in the sun; not very sexy. I think she was nearly your age, but I bet she looks at least ten years older."
Mom exclaimed, "Wow! You're good at guessing ages. She is my age, and I noticed the sun's effect on her. It's a shame women don't realize the damage the sun can do. So you were able to proceed anyway?"
Squeezing and caressing her upper arm, I said, "Yea, I had to visualize smoother skin when I touched her."
My mom's hand squeezed mine, shrieking, "You thought of your mother when you were with her?"
"No, Mom. That would be weird, just the feel of your skin. It's so smooth and soft, and I had to do something, or I wouldn't have been able to proceed," I replied. She exhaled and released her hand from mine, allowing me to continue caressing her arm.
"I did put you up to this, and if it helped the process, I can't complain," she acquiesced.
"I hope she was happy with the results. I did the best I could," I cautioned, looking to Mom to gauge her reaction.
She replied, "I told her I didn't want any details, but she said that you performed well and stayed within our preset boundaries. She thought you were sweet, and your soothing conversation put her at ease. She was quite pleased; I believe our first case was a complete success."
Thankfully, she changed subjects as I was getting hard, reliving the time spent with our first client. I was glad the woman hadn't revealed the fantasy we enacted. Relaying too much information to Mom didn't seem like a great idea. I wondered if the woman had already fucked her son or even had one. If so, he might be in for quite a surprise.
*****
My aunt arrived around noon the next day to help us in the garden. Mom excused herself for an errand, leaving Rachel and me to finish work. It provided the perfect opportunity to leer at my aunt without the threat of Mom catching me. Mom was back in time for dinner. We ate, and Rachel left for home. Mom and I retired to our rooms early after a long day of work.
During breakfast, Mom wore a short, pink nightie. The entire lengths of her luscious thighs were bare. When she shifted, a flash of dark red panties peeked out. After we ate and cleaned up, Mom stopped next to me on her way to her bedroom. She turned to display a perfect view of the backs of her legs. She quietly asked, "Sam, could you do me a favor? Could you see if I have any cellulite on my legs? It happens to many women, and I want to know if there are any signs."
Before this, I had been stealing looks at her luscious legs. I couldn't believe my luck that she had permitted me to gawk at her shapely bare legs. Taking my time, I surveyed up and down her smooth, toned legs. Her nightie barely covered her panties, allowing me to see all of her creamy thighs. Rapidly breathing, I stuttered, "No sign of anything, Mom. Your legs are very smooth, fantastic looking, and incredibly sexy."
"Thank you, Sam. Although, I'm not sure you should be complimenting your mother's legs in that manner," she said with a smirk. "I'm just worried cellulite will ruin my appearance. I am getting near that awful age," she added, referring to her closing in on forty.
"Mom, there's nothing wrong with your legs, and even if there were, you're still a beautiful and sexy woman," I complimented her and blushed, surprised at my bold remark.
She turned to face me and smiled, seeing my flushed state. "Thanks, Sam. Let's get dressed and do some yard work."
We met in the garden and worked for a few hours. At three in the afternoon, I asked," Mom. Is Aunt Rachel coming over to help?"
She hesitated as if making up a story. Finally, she explained, "No, not today. I had to lie and tell her we were busy tonight. I scheduled an appointment with a new client. I met her yesterday and scheduled her for today at four. I hope it's okay with you."
Taken aback by her announcement, I hesitated, but not long enough for Mom to continue. I replied, "Sure, Mom; It's fine. I have to clean up first. I'll head in and wait for you in my room."
After my shower, it didn't take long before a car pulled up. I heard the door and muffled talking while they walked down the hall to Mom's room. Soon after, I heard a soft knock on my door. I let Mom in and immediately smiled, seeing her dressed in her short, pink nightie. She told me our client was ready and hugged me tightly. I pressed my face against her neck, breathing in her natural scent, which I'd come to love.
She held my hands with hers and guided them to the backs of her thighs above her knees. Leaning close to my ear, she whispered, "Sam, could you feel my legs to see if you can detect any cellulite? You said you couldn't see any, but maybe you can make sure."
It was an incredible moment. It was one thing to admire my mother's legs, quite another to caress them. My hands slowly ran up the backs of her smooth, firm flesh, relishing the feel. My cock hardened fully and uncomfortably lodged between us. When my fingers brushed against her panties, I moved back down. I explored her legs again, stopping to squeeze her succulent flesh when I neared her ass. Her hot breath washed over my neck when I groped her thighs. Moving up, I started to cup her ass when she grabbed my hands and pulled me away.
She smiled and said, "Careful honey, that's not my legs. Did you find anything unusual?"
I replied, "No, Mom. They're terrific. No sign of any cellulite. In fact, they're the best legs I've ever felt."
"Oh, stop it," she giggled.
She stepped back, signaling it was time for my services. When she turned to leave, I lustfully leered at the beautiful legs I had caressed minutes earlier. After a few moments, I proceeded down the stairs to take care of the next client.
As soon as I entered Mom's room, I dropped my robe. Approaching our covered client, I slowly moved the sheet up. I left her pussy covered while I stroked her legs, hoping to relax her in this uncomfortable setting. Her skin was smooth like Mom's, and she looked like she might be five years older.
I stroked her legs, and when I ran my hands up to the back of her thighs, I felt the dimples. It was cellulite, and I thought of when Mom asked me to look and feel her legs for the signs. It became clear that Mom was determined to help me through each client. I told her she had helped me on the first one, so she had taken it upon herself to assist me. She had interviewed the woman the previous day and noticed the cellulite.
I didn't dwell on her dimpled skin, not wanting to cause concern for the poor woman. She was probably already self-conscious, and I didn't want to add to her apprehension. After a few minutes of caressing and praising her legs, I felt her relax. I seized the moment and shoved the sheet above her waist, exposing her pussy.
No sign of hair to distract from her puffy, clean-shaven pussy. It was her best trait, and I think she knew it. I ran my fingers up and down her fat lips while complimenting her on her slick, smooth pussy. She spread her legs, relaxing while I played with her treasure. I inserted a couple of fingers into her hot hole and discovered it was steamy and wet. She massaged my fingers expertly with her tight sheath.
I pulled my fingers out, even as she attempted to hold them with her muscled pussy. I stroked her thighs again, thinking of the vision of Mom's displayed bare legs. That was enough to bring me fully hard. Crawling up closer, I scraped my prick along her thighs, making my way to my target. She spread her legs wide, giving me complete access to her hungry, oily cavern.
Pushing my engorged head through her outer lips, her pussy clamped down hard, pulling my shaft in without my help. Her sucking snatch devoured my prick, pulling me to the bottom. I fucked her steady for several minutes, reveling in her experience of cock handling. Her pussy walls contracted at different times of my strokes, enabling her to rub my hard prick against her sensitive spots. Her hips moved in sync with her pussy as she took over the direction of the fucking.
I held onto her waist, squeezing her firm skin, holding on tight while she thrashed beneath me. Her skin reminded me of Mom's, and my mind flashed to the times I had stroked Mom's arms. My prick was hard as steel, getting a workout it had rarely experienced. Sensing I was nearing my climax, I shoved it in deep and held it there, letting it soak in an attempt to prolong my orgasm. Her pussy massaged my prick, and it felt like her hand was stroking me.
I paused my pumping, enjoying the moment. Images of my Mom's legs flashed before me. My fingers roamed across the waist of the woman fucking me while I relived the moment I caressed Mom's legs. Harder contractions on my prick brought me back from my fantasy. To my surprise, sperm gushed from my stem.
It was a first for me, cumming without stroking. I pulled back and shoved in hard, shooting the last of my load deep into the client's spasming cunt. Her pulsating walls milked out every drop of virile sperm from my balls. After I had spilled my entire load and was embedded deep in her pussy, she continued to massage my prick.
I softened, pulled out, and stopped to look at her beautiful gash one final time before covering her with the sheet. Leaving the room exhausted, I headed upstairs. I plopped down on my bed after taking a shower. I rested and nearly fell asleep when I heard her car leave.
The smell of cooking brought me downstairs, where I found Mom preparing dinner. We ate, and afterward, when we settled on the couch, she brought up the subject of my performance. "Sam, our latest client praised you as much as our first one. Excellent job!"
I was surprised as I felt I didn't do much to excite her. Maybe that was what turned the woman on, controlling the coupling.
With a concerned look, she asked, "Sam, did you have any problems this time?"
"No problems, Mom. Thanks to you, the cellulite didn't bother me," I assured her.
She blushed, smiled, and said, "Glad to help, honey. I wanted to make it easier for you."
Switching topics, we talked while watching TV for an hour when Mom turned and locked eyes with me.
"Sam, I hope you don't mind, but I made another appointment tomorrow morning at ten."
Trying to contain my excitement, I replied, "No problem, then we can do some things in the afternoon and go out for dinner. I guess you and Sharon must have interviewed more than one client yesterday."
"At least two," she confirmed, leaving for her bedroom. I wondered how many more she had lined up for me.
*****
Neither of us said much at breakfast. Mom wore a white nightie I'd never seen before. The material was opaque, and I could tell she had on a bra. It was longer than her other selections, going below her knees. It dawned on me that Mom had worn different negligees for each client. Did color have anything to do with it? Suddenly it hit me; it was the style, not color. The green one exposed her arms so I could stroke her smooth skin. The pink one was short, allowing me to feel her thighs. What did this white one signify? I wouldn't know the reason until she retrieved me for our guest. It was after nine when I excused myself to wait in my room.
I was lost in thought and didn't hear a car or any sounds from downstairs until soft knocking brought me out of my daydreaming. Mom knocked and entered, hugging me tight, nestling her mouth on my neck. Mom's scented hair and the pressure of her body against mine convinced my prick to rise to the occasion. She pulled back, leaving us face-to-face, and whispered, "Good luck, Sam."
She pressed her lips against mine and kissed me, keeping her mouth closed. Air rushed in and out of her nostrils. She opened her mouth slightly and ran her tongue across my lips. Ready to stick my tongue out to meet hers, she pulled back, smiling. Was that lust in her eyes, or was it teasing?
After she left, I made my journey to our next client. Still hard from Mom's kiss, I gave myself a quick stroke while surveying the sheet-covered woman on Mom's bed. I could tell she was younger from the perky breasts pushing up the fabric, showing no sign of sagging. I moved the covering up to her knees, revealing her lower legs.
They were smooth looking and milky-white. I don't think the sun's rays had ever touched her legs, and when I caressed her, goosebumps appeared. The poor woman was nervous and would require some patience on my part. I lightly stroked up and down her lower legs, quietly talking to her. "Your skin is lovely. We'll go as slow as you want. I'll do whatever it takes to make our time together enjoyable." She relaxed while I continued to caress her smooth and sexy legs.
When it looked like she was comfortable, I pushed the sheet up to reveal her upper legs. I didn't want to go too fast, leaving her pussy hidden beneath the sheet. White, luscious thighs appeared before me. Perhaps the best-looking legs I've seen, other than my mother's. I sensuously stroked her thighs while keeping up with my quiet dialogue about her beauty. She opened her legs several inches.
Her white skin exalted purity. My arousal increased when I ran my hands up and down her smooth white thighs. Sun had never seen her skin as well as any other person in public, as it was evident she had fully covered herself. It was a special connection between us, and it excited me, knowing I was the only one to witness her hidden beauty. Snow White came to mind, and I made a mental note to refer to her like that in the future.
Leaning down, I kissed one of her luscious thighs, allowing my lips to linger against her soft skin. I inhaled her intoxicating natural scent and was glad she hadn't put on any perfume.
Opening my mouth, I sucked in a mouthful of delicious thigh meat. Unlike the other clients, thoughts of Mom didn't materialize while I continued to relish in her beauty. I heard a muffled groan from under the sheet when I munched on her thigh, her legs opening wider. While I paid homage to one leg, I massaged the other with my roaming hand. Pulling myself off her thigh was hard, but I was anxious to continue. I pushed the sheet up above her waist revealing a full, black, hairy bush.
It was a striking contrast to her lily white skin. Trimmed into a perfect triangle and uniform height, I could tell she had spent time grooming her mound. I ran my fingers through her silky forest and said, "Your pussy is beautiful. The deep, rich color of your hair against your smooth, white skin turns me on." My fingers gripped a tuft of fur on both sides of her slit and teasingly pulled up, opening her moist slit.
Running my fingers up and down her aroused pussy lips resulted in more groans of pleasure. When I inserted two fingers into her slot, she brought her knees up and spread her legs wide, allowing full access. Her excitement grew while I finger fucked her at an increasing rate. Using my other hand to spread her puffy lips, I exposed her meaty pussy while furiously finger fucking her. She was ready for a hot prick, but I hesitated. This woman was too sexy and beautiful to pass up, and I intended to enjoy this session thoroughly.
She panted, and her breasts heaved while I watched her taut nipples pushing up the sheet. When I lowered my mouth to engulf her clit, I drove two more fingers into her hot, wet cunt. Her hips rose when she climaxed. Shifting my mouth down to capture her copious cum flowing out, I removed my fingers, locking my mouth on her convulsing pussy. She came several times and then lowered her hips afterward to relax. I eased off and gently stroked her thighs, reassuring her as she recovered.
Her smooth, white belly beckoned to my lustful eyes. I ran my hands around her midriff, shoving the sheet above her perky tits. Dark-brown nipples capped her milky-white mounds. Cupping and squeezing her spongy breasts brought life back to her spent body.
When I twisted and squeezed her engorged nipples, more moans escaped from my covered Snow White. I lowered my body to her soft flesh to feast on an engorged teat. While I sucked her nub, her hands grasped the back of my head and pulled me tight against her firm breasts. One of her hands stroked my back while I sucked on one and then her other tit.
My arousal was sky-high, and I feared I might spill my load before entering her. Keeping my mouth locked on her breast, I pressed my prick into her juicy, open cunt. Her hips shifted to accept the stiff prick she craved. I shoved my fat head through her entrance, slowly entering her wet pussy. Her tight walls stretched while I descended. I slowed my pace, allowing her to adjust to my size. Her hand lowered from my back to my ass, pulling and coaxing me to fuck her hard. I pistoned in and out of her tight pussy in short strokes, not wanting to hurt her by sinking to the bottom.
Her pussy flooded, and her pussy juices coated my prick when her walls relaxed and gave way to my steel-hard intruder. Sinking to the bottom of her hungry pussy brought out a groan while she expelled the air from her lungs. I fucked her hard and fast, still feasting on her sensitive tits. Wrapping her legs around my waist and squeezing hard, she humped up each stroke, maximizing my depth. My spongy head flattened out when it collided against her back wall, causing her to groan and moan in pleasure.
Her pussy clamped down on my prick with her intense climax. I came on her second contraction, filling her cavern with streams of hot cum. After my balls drained, I still humped her, unwilling to allow the fuck to end. Lowering her hips to the bed, she unwrapped her legs and relaxed completely. I released her nipple, resting my head on her chest. Her deep breathing soothed me while we recovered from our intense coupling.
Mom kissing me was from the fact this woman showed no skin. Mom had no way of spotting any problems. That's why she wore the white nightie, which revealed very little of her body. Guessing our client's age to be mid-twenties, I was surprised she couldn't find a husband to bear children. She was a passionate and sexy woman. A facial disfigurement would explain a lot, or maybe she didn't want a complicated relationship. Mom and Rachel held the same view, which I suspected might not be rare.
I reluctantly pulled away, pausing for several minutes to admire her. I leaned down, kissed her nipples, and croaked, "Thank you for making love with me. I've never been with such a beautiful or sexy woman. You're unbelievable, and I've enjoyed every second I've spent with you."
I inwardly chuckled at how easy it was to expose my feelings to a woman that couldn't talk back with their face covered. I wished it was that simple to tell Mom my true feelings. Reluctantly, I rose and left for my room.
After showering and resting for an hour, I dressed and went downstairs, where Mom was preparing lunch. Mom didn't wait until evening to question me on my encounter, asking, "How'd it go this morning? You were in there longer than normal. Did you have any problems?"
"No, everything went fine. Thanks for asking. Other than being younger than our previous clients, I thought it went well," I commented while waiting for any expression from her that might give me a clue.
"It was hard to tell her age because of her perfect complexion, but I'd say she was in her twenties. She was pleased with our arrangement and even gave us a hefty bonus. She didn't provide a reason. Do you know why?"
I could see, from her questioning look, she wanted more information. I decided against telling her that maybe it was because our fuck was intense, and I made her cum twice before filling her. "No idea. Maybe she liked that we were discreet and protective of her privacy."
Her eyes were deep in thought, probably mulling over the fact the woman had been completely covered, showing little of her body. Her expression switched into understanding when she echoed, "Yes, you're right. She was a secretive young lady."
Satisfied with our discussion, she changed topics while we finished lunch. She informed me Rachel was coming over later to go with us to see a short film at the theater and then out to eat. I had fully recovered by the time Rachel showed up, and I had the age-old problem of shifting my prick to avoid detection. After dinner, my aunt headed home. Shortly after, I excused myself to retire to my room. I was exhausted from the full day of activities. While I climbed the stairs, Mom said, "Rest up, Sam. We have two appointments tomorrow."
I turned to reply, unsure of how to ask her how far apart my sessions would be when she spoke to ease my anxiety. "Don't worry, Sam. One is for ten tomorrow morning, and the other can't make it until eight at night. Plenty of time for you to recover."
Seeing my look of relief, she smiled and left. I wondered how many women she and Sharon had interviewed. I didn't complain, enjoying the best summer job ever. Sleep was good that night as I relived the time spent with Snow White. That was the first instance I hadn't thought of Mom when I climaxed. I thought maybe I was getting over my infatuation with my sexy mother.
*****
Those thoughts quickly dissipated, my prick staying hard through breakfast. Mom paraded around cloaked in another new nightie. Black in color, her hemline ended at mid-thigh. It was a heavier material, but I could tell she was braless, her nipples pushing out the top. I tried to figure out the significance of her attire. Her tits sticking out was the most obvious sign. She usually gave more of a clue when she fetched me for our client; I'd have to wait.
After I helped clean the kitchen, I retreated to my room to wait for our next client. I left my door ajar, allowing Mom to enter without knocking first. I sat on the edge of my bed, thinking about my time with Snow White. My prick rose out of the gap in my robe, exposing my fat, circumcised head. A drop of precum oozed from the slit. I firmly gripped my bulbous head and twisted it like I was opening a doorknob, coating it with my juices. I released it, and the cool air felt good, attempting to dry my wet tip.
Lost in thought, I didn't hear Mom come up the stairs or enter my room. Jolted back to reality from Mom's voice, I heard her say, "Sweetie, I have another concern ..."
She stopped suddenly, staring at my hard prick proudly standing straight up out of my robe. The large helmeted head was filled with blood and still shiny with my slick juices. I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. I should have been more careful."
Still staring at my large, wet head, she murmured, "It's been a long time since I've seen that. I didn't realize it was so b..." She abruptly stopped, realizing she was commenting on her son's big prick.
Seeing her face turn red and flustered, I frantically searched for a way to help her. I blurted out the first thing I could think of that started with a 'B' and exclaimed, "Beautiful? You did have something to do with its creation, so of course, you'd think that." I smiled, trying to ease the tension while closing my robe to hide my erection.
In her uneasiness, she had folded her arms across her stomach, causing her nightie to pull tighter against her body. Her taut, engorged nipples pressed against the thin material. Her pointy teats held my attention while she strolled over to me for our ritual hug. Standing up, I hugged her tightly. She pressed close to me, attempting to make contact with the hard cock she had seen.
Bathing my ear with her hot breath, Mom whispered, "I'm afraid as I get older that I'm getting a lot less sexy. I'd like your opinion on another one of my concerns."
She guided my hands to the backs of her thighs under her nightie. She moved our joined hands upward, and when they landed on her bare cheeks, she asked, "Honey, do you think I'm losing my ass? I know older women tend to get a flat ass. I'm worried that I'm heading in that direction."
She released her hands while I cupped and gently squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I couldn't believe my luck; my hands held Mom's firm buns. My fingers spread out, dipping into the deep crevice between her cheeks, squeezing while advancing.
Mom's soft breasts filled and pressed into me when she sucked in a deep breath of air. My hard prick, trapped between our bodies, throbbed in agreement with my delight. Knowing her pussy was inches away, I contemplated exploring further, seeking her prize. As quick as the thought entered, Mom removed my hands off her buns, asking, "What do you think? Am I too far gone?".
"Mom, you have no worries. You have a perfect ass, if I may be so blunt," I huskily assured her.
She pulled back, hesitating while digesting my comment. She turned to leave and whispered, "Thanks, Sam. Good luck on today's client."
What was the help she was demonstrating this time? Full tits squashed against me or something related to her firm ass? My mind remained on Mom's bottom while I uncovered our latest client. I decided to push the sheet up in one motion today, revealing her legs and pussy at once. She had a thin, petite form and was near my aunt's age. A narrow patch of blonde hair was above her slit. Caressing her thighs and skinny waist relaxed her enough to open her legs, revealing an already wet slit. Her pelvic area was small, and I wondered how a baby would be able to emerge.
Full rounded breasts pushed the sheet up, maintaining their perfect shape. The client's perfect tits didn't match the rest of her body, drawing me to conclude this was someone's trophy wife. Natural blonde, artificially endowed boobs, and a skinny body type were the perfect attributes for an older businessman to brag to his buddies. Her proud tits reminded me of when Mom pressed her breasts into me. That must have been her hint. Maybe Mom thought augmented breasts would gross me out.
I would be happy to help the old bastard impregnate his young wife. Complimenting her skinny body is what this lady would love to hear. "I love your shapely legs and fit body. It looks like I'm the lucky recipient of experiencing how blondes have more fun."
It was enough; she fully opened her legs, revealing her tiny pussy.
Unsure if I could fuck this girl without causing her great pain, I decided to lengthen my foreplay. I ran my fingers up and down her slit while caressing her thin thighs and exposed midriff, telling her the entire time how sexy she looked. She squirmed, and her pussy was noticeably wetter when I inserted a finger into her tight canal. I finger fucked her and inserted more fingers when she loosened up. I moved closer to her wide-open legs and rubbed my wet head around the mouth of her pussy.
She humped up, attempting to lodge my prick in her cunt. I managed to pop the head beyond her lips, barely fitting in her tight vice-like sheath. Her hot pussy squeezed so tightly that it was on the verge of being painful for me. She acted as if it didn't bother her, probably used to a tight fuck. I short stroked her pussy, inching forward slowly, stretching her hole to accommodate my fat, stiff cock. Her pussy gushed juice, coating my invading prick, enabling me to advance to the bottom of her slot. Her hands stroked my back, pulling me in, encouraging me to fuck her faster.
Her tiny cunt transformed into a greedy, slick pussy, able to take the pounding my iron-hard shaft gave her. I fucked her hard while she kept coating my cock with her juices. She locked her legs around my back and humped to meet my thrusts.
I lowered my hands to her ass to get better leverage to pound her pussy when I discovered she had none. She was so skinny that fat tissue hadn't been able to accumulate. Understanding swept over me when I remembered Mom asking me to check out her ass. It was Mom's way of helping her son achieve success.
Before my prick softened from discovering her disappointing backside, I grabbed her hips and pounded in and out of this young trophy wife. I was on the verge of orgasm, and it appeared this girl wasn't close. Her breasts heaving up and down under the sheet caught my attention. She had to be proud of her prized tits. I moved my hands up under the sheet and cupped her breasts.
"Your tits are perfect, so big and firm. I love squeezing them," I croaked. The young trophy wife gyrated her hips, bouncing up and down while I fucked her. I couldn't tell if she was nearing orgasm when it hit me. Maybe there was another reason she married an older man.
I tweaked her taut, hard nipples while mauling her fake tits. The tight texture of her breasts was much like Mom's ass, and my mind went back to when I was groping Mom. Gambling, I said, "Cum for Daddy, sweetie."
Her body violently thrashed when I correctly identified her fantasy. I knew it would be much easier at that point. Thrusting hard and deep, I chanted, "I'm going to fill my girl's pussy full of sperm. You're having my baby. Cum on your Daddy's big prick, honey. Push us over the edge!"
She screamed with joy while her pussy clamped onto my erupting cock. Gooey globs of cum filled her receptive, pulsating pussy. Loud squishing noises filled the room while cum squirted out of her small cavity.
Slowing my pace, I continued to stroke to the bottom, hoping to push my virile sperm to the back of her pussy, closer to her cervix. When I softened, I stopped stroking and allowed my prick to soak in her flooded pussy. She unwrapped her legs and lowered them to the bed. Her tits rapidly heaved from the intense joining.
After I covered her tiny body, I whispered, "Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful body with me. Don't ever give up on your fantasies."
I left and met Mom in the hallway near the stairs. She smiled while shuffling by me to wrap matters up with our latest client. I didn't bother to shower since we would be working in the garden. I changed into my work clothes, making it to the backyard before Mom escorted our guest to her car. I worked on a bed hidden from the back windows to remain undetected.
Mom showed up later, and we worked together for several hours. She informed me the client was satisfied this morning and liked my style. I wasn't surprised and knew that discovering the woman's father-daughter fantasy tipped the scales.
Seeing my distant look, Mom asked, "You look concerned. Did you have any problems?"
"No problem at all. One thing though, a trophy wife won't have any problem with payment.."
Her questioning look prompted me to add, "Young, petite blonde with augmented breasts. It was pretty obvious."
She asked, "How do you know she was blonde? Did you uncover her head?"
Unsure of how to explain this to Mom, I gave her a 'duh' stare and bleated, "Damn, Mom. Hair grows in other places besides the head." It was entertaining to watch her expression while she processed the information. Her face turned beet-red when she visualized her son ogling a woman's pussy.
Changing the subject for her, I said, "There is one thing that could have been a problem, but you took care of it beforehand."
"What was that, Sam?" She was more than eager to change the conversation.
"Her ass, Mom. She had none. Thanks for taking notice and warning me."
Blushing again, she quietly quavered, "Thank you, dear. I do try to notice potential problems during my interviews. It may seem that I don't act motherly at times, but I'm trying my best to help you succeed."
Mom was uncomfortable with our conversation and quickly changed the topic to our schedule. "Take your shower," she ordered. "We're going out for dinner before our evening appointment." We cleaned up, dressed, and enjoyed each other's company at an upscale restaurant. I was fully recovered and hard through the meal, staring at my sexy mother.
Upon arriving home, I went to my room, stripped, and slipped on my robe. Leaving the door open again, I pondered whether to give Mom another display of my prick. I recalled the signals she sent out with each client and wondered what outfit or hint she'd provide. Too much longer at this job, and she'd end up with a large selection of nighties.
I thought,"Did she use the nightwear strictly for helping me with the women, or was she flirting with me? Should I confide in her and expose my feelings?"
She might have no desire for me, just motherly love. If she shared the same incestuous cravings, she would have acted on it when she came into my room with my prick sticking out of my robe. I still loved her and could deal with a non-physical relationship, but her sexy body would still provide me with fantasies. Deep in thought, I missed the sound of our client's car when I heard Mom climbing the steps.
"Sam, are you ready?" Mom asked, remaining outside my room, avoiding another embarrassing situation.
"Yes, Mom. Ready as I can be," I answered, rising from my bed. Mom entered and hugged me. She wore her blue nightie, the first one I saw her in. That threw me for a loop.
I wondered, "Did she run out of styles and have to resort to repeats? Did she know it was my favorite?"
She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Unfortunately, it appeared there would be no leg or ass groping. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her while I stroked her back.
She released me, placing her hands on the side of my head to lock my eyes with hers. She pulled me tight to her moist lips, maintaining eye contact while we kissed. She opened her mouth wide enough to slide her tongue across my lips.
My tongue darted through my lips, meeting hers. Her eyes screamed lust, far beyond the motherly love kind. Our breathing rapidly increased when we kissed like no mother and son should. Regrettably, she pulled back and cooed, "Good luck. Enjoy yourself."
My gaze remained on the backs of her beautiful legs while she walked out the door. She kissed me before the session with Snow White. My prick jumped up, reminiscing the time we had spent together. Would this client be similar? Catching myself wasting precious time daydreaming, I snapped back to reality and made my way to Mom's room to meet the next client.
Her stiff nipples, pushing up the silky fabric, looked promising. Maybe this lady wouldn't be as uncomfortable as the others. I moved the sheet up to her knees and began caressing her lower legs. I guessed that the woman was in her mid-thirties and had kept in good shape. No signs of uneasiness while I stroked her hot legs. I moved my hands up under the sheet feeling her knees and upper legs. They were firm and smooth, and my hands explored every inch. I pushed the sheet up to below her pussy to admire her legs.
They were as beautiful to look at as they were to touch. I immediately recognized the shapely legs as Mom's. My mother was the woman hidden under the sheet. My prick expanded to maximum hardness. Was she testing me to ascertain whether my technique was adequate for her clients? Did she wear her blue nightie so I'd have a hint it was her? We never discussed her system of nightwear. Maybe she self-consciously wore it without realizing the significance. I wondered if she'd let me proceed partway before stopping me. Either way didn't bother me; I was going to enjoy as much of her succulent body as possible.
I began my usual routine, complimenting my client. "Your legs and thighs are some of the best I've seen. They're beautiful and so sexy." My hands advanced from her lower legs to her thighs, squeezing and caressing her meaty thighs. I wrapped my hands around them, achieving more skin contact.
She moaned from my soothing massage. I leaned down to kiss her nearest thigh while stroking her other. Her familiar scent hit me before a gush of pussy musk filled my nostrils. It elevated my lust to levels I hadn't felt before.
Releasing my mouth from her succulent thighs, I shifted upward and admired the sight of my mom's exposed flesh below her covered pussy. Moving my hands to the outside of her thighs, I gripped the sheet in both hands. My heart raced while I anticipated the first time I would look at Mom's pussy. Hearing her inhale sharply, I watched Mom's perky breasts pushing the sheet up and down. She knew her son was ready to unveil her motherly treasure and was as nervous as me. My hands slithered up the outside of her body, pushing the thin fabric up.
When I reached the middle of her flat stomach, blood flowed to my already hard prick when my mother's hairy pussy was exposed. Mom's breath was raspy and quick, realizing her son was staring at her pussy for the first time. She had trimmed the sides, leaving the middle patch intact. My gaze focused on her untamed and bushy mound. Her fat, blood-filled pussy lips were tucked in the middle of her forest of brunette fur. I ran my fingers up and down both sides of her pussy, mashing her lips together, then spreading them out, displaying a wet canal. She moaned under the sheet while I played with her pussy, my place of origin.
"Jesus, this is the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," I murmured. "Your hairy mound turns me on."
If, in fact, Mom was testing me, she would soon stop the process. I decided to show her how I treat our 'special' clients and see how serious she was to continue her charade.
"Someone as sexy and beautiful as you will receive our premium treatment. Your pussy requires much more attention than the other clients." She moaned, and her muscles tensed when she heard her son praising her motherly treasure.
Spreading her pussy apart, I lowered my mouth to her steaming snatch. When I licked up and down her sensitive pussy lips, she gasped and groaned with pleasure. My rough tongue explored higher until it found her clit. Another moan emanated from under the sheet while I mauled her sensitive nub. Her hands clenched tight but remained at her sides while I feasted on her horny pussy. I had to admit that she demonstrated a large amount of resilience to restrain herself while I pleasured her. My tongue darted into her hot canal, intensifying my attack.
Unable to contain herself, her hands flew to the back of my head, not to push me away but to pull me in harder. While my rough tongue explored her sensitive cunt walls, she grunted loudly, finally receiving the attention she had long desired from her son.
Raising her knees and capturing my head between her thighs, she squeezed tight, pulling my mouth to her starved pussy. Her body stiffened each time my tongue scraped along her sensitive walls. My face was soaked from her leaking pussy cream while she enjoyed the face-fuck from her son. Bringing her near orgasm several times, I'd ease up to let her recover. After ten minutes of teasing, I decided to escalate her to a climax.
Moving my mouth to the top of her pussy, I moved the hood of her sensitive nub to the side and captured her engorged clit. While I squeezed and rolled her most sensitive piece of flesh, I shoved three fingers deep into her hole. Her hips humped while her body tensed and shook from her long-awaited cataclysmic release. After a long guttural moan, juices erupted from her slot when she climaxed. I sucked her sweet nectar from her convulsing cunt. She humped several times into my sucking mouth while I maintained close contact.
Mom's arms and legs fell to the bed, exhausted from her incestuous climax. I pulled back to admire the prize I'd lusted after. Moving her hands up, she pulled a pillow over the top of her sheet-covered face. She must have been afraid I'd know it was her, anticipating a screaming episode when I finally entered her.
I thought, "Didn't she know I recognized her?"
She kept her face hidden, pretending to be a client. Maybe it was how she wanted the seduction to proceed, or she thought I'd finish and leave without realizing it was her. Not wanting to spoil her planned seduction, I didn't reveal that I knew she was my mother.
I caressed her thighs while she recovered from her orgasm. When I inched near her body, my hard prick bumped against her leg, leaving a trail of precum slime. The touch of my shaft on her smooth thigh resulted in a long groan, muffled by the pillow. I massaged her mound, running my fingers through her forest of soft fur.
"Your pussy is perfect. It's such a turn-on for me because your pussy is how I've fantasized my mother's would look. I love her and have wanted to stroke her pussy more than anything."
She still didn't talk but moaned and moved her hips around while I played with her hairy mound. Shifting lower, I stroked and caressed the smooth skin at the top of her legs. "And your thighs are so firm and smooth. They remind me of my mother's legs. She allowed me to touch them once. It was exciting, being able to stroke the legs of the woman I love."
I wrapped my hands around her thighs, lifting them while massaging them. I spread her out wide, opening her juicy, hungry cunt. Her breasts heaved up and down under the sheet while her breathing rate increased. Her excitement grew, upon hearing her son's soothing talk. Her fingers gripped the sheets, her muscles tensing in anticipation of our incestuous liaison.
Sliding up her body, I rested my balls on top of her slimy slit and nestled my shaft on top of her soft mound. I shoved the sheet below her breasts, revealing her smooth midriff and rib cage. Caressing her hot skin, I squeezed chunks of flesh, marveling at her sexy body.
"Normally, I'm not allowed to expose your breasts, but you have me more excited than normal. I'm fantasizing you're my mom, and I've wanted to see and squeeze her breasts for a long time," I hoarsely croaked while moving the sheet up to her neck, exposing her glorious globes. They were bigger than I had imagined and topped with hard, pink nipples.
I cupped her succulent mounds, kneading and massaging them. Her breathing increased while I mauled her firm breasts. A gasp of air was released when I captured her nipples with my fingers and lightly twisted them. She humped her hips up, attempting to capture her son's cock. She wasn't playing any games now; she wanted to fuck her son.
It was a pivotal moment in our lives. To ensure Mom was willing to shed all of her inhibitions, I taunted her, "You are one horny lady, aren't you? This pussy deserves a fat cock shoved up it. I'm going to fuck you as if you were my mother."
She screeched through the pillow and widened her legs.
"Don't worry, sexy lady. I'll fuck you until your pussy gets the satisfaction it desires. And then I'll deposit a large load of sperm deep into your pussy." Delirious with excitement, I looked down to see my prick within an inch of its target. I used one hand to guide my fat head to her pussy and swished it around the mouth of her slot, smearing her slick fluids on my blood-engorged knob.
Knowing I would remember this moment forever, I didn't immediately enter her, swirling my tip around the thick lips surrounding her gaping gash. We breathed rapidly and shallowly while I prepared to return to my birth canal two decades later. I shoved until the flared bottom of my head went past her outer lips, nestled in a hot, wet oven of flesh. Her pussy contracted with a mini-orgasm while she screamed into the pillow, coating my head with slick cum.
I pulled out to admire my shiny, beet-red prick, anxious to get back into her warm interior. I pushed in further the next time, slowly parting the folds of her long unused channel. Repeating the shallow fucking, I stretched her pussy while she bathed my cock with oily cum from her mini-orgasms.
Her pelvis humped up and down, trying to swallow more of her son's hard prick. While my cock slid deeper into her tight sheath, I teased her nipples. Her velvety pussy walls surrounded my rock-hard cock while I slowly descended. Her juices copiously flowed, covering my shaft, enabling it to easily slice through her clasping cunt. My eyes locked onto my prick, sliding into my mother's pussy for the first time.
Hitting bottom, our pubic hairs meshed together, causing us to groan in unison. I remained fully embedded and whispered, "This is how I envisioned it would look if I ever fucked my mother. It feels so good. My mom gave birth to me and gifted me with a prick that would fill her pussy completely."
She was beyond groaning, more like gurgling. Her hips and thighs moved around, signaling her desire for a good, solid fuck from her son. I pulled back and slammed in hard, then again. Mesmerized by my hammering cock sliding in and out of my mother elevated my excitement level. Our freely flowing sex juices saturated our pubic hair. My prick was slathered with a white, frothy mixture of sex juices enabling it to slide effortlessly to the bottom of my mother's cunt.
Hypnotized by the erotic sight of my slick shaft stroking in and out of Mom's hot pussy, I fucked the love of my life harder than I had ever fucked anyone. Our pubic hair matched in color and mashed together on my forceful down strokes.
We neared our first mother-son climax. Mom's face remained hidden under the sheet while she clung to her fantasy of incest, her way of dealing with our sinful copulation. I lowered down and merged our sweaty bodies. Her hands wrapped around my back, hugging me tightly. Unlike our hugs in the past, there was no silk nightie separating us. Our hot, naked flesh melded together, and my excitement was at an all-time high, knowing this was my mother. My hands traveled up her back, landing on her shoulders.
Pulling me tight to her hot body, she wrapped her legs around me, attempting to fill her hungry snatch with more of her son's cock. Her pussy shivered with micro-orgasms while we fucked like rutting animals. Her hard nipples drilled into my chest. The only sounds louder than our gasping were the sloshing noises of our incestuous coupling.
Using her shoulders to pull her into me, I plunged my steel rod into her hungry pussy, smashing my spongy head against her back wall, causing my mother to gasp and groan on each stroke. I slowed my pace and allowed our excitement levels to decrease. With her hands on my back, I took the opportunity to remove the pillow from her head. She enjoyed our joining so much that she didn't even notice that only the sheet separated us now.
Moving my hands down her back, I gripped her ass cheeks, using them to increase the penetration depth of my hard drill. I fucked her hard when I leaned close to her sheet-covered head to compliment her. "You have a beautiful ass. It reminds me of my mother. She let me hold it, and I have never been so hard. I dream of fucking my mother every day. I love her but have been afraid to tell her."
She had a hard time breathing, gulping air with each stroke. Her fingernails lodged deep in my back, holding me tight. I was ready to cum, and I knew how I wanted our first mating to finish. I moved one hand to the sheet and exclaimed, "I'm ready to cum now. My balls will fill your hot pussy full of sperm like I've dreamed of doing to my mother. My fantasy fucking with my mother includes kissing her luscious mouth while I fill her with hot sperm."
I pushed the sheet up, revealing her beautiful face. Her eyes clenched shut, unaware that her face was visible, her wide-open mouth gasping for air. I lowered and kissed her moist, full lips. Our tongues battled and fought, our lust consuming us. Mom sensed my prick expanding, causing her to pull off my mouth and shriek from the intense pleasure.
I wailed, "I've wanted you for so long. Your pussy is hot and tight. I'm going to fill my mother's pussy with cum."
Mom spoke for the first time screaming, "Yes, honey! I love you! Fuck me hard and fill your horny mother full!"
We locked our mouths together while the first glob of sperm shot up the length of my prick. When it splattered Mom's insides, her walls slammed tight around my hard cock.
Her body shook while she screamed into my mouth as her body released her reservoir of endorphin, firing off her pleasure centers. I slammed in again, depositing another load of sperm in her pussy. Every muscle in her body contracted when she climaxed again, experiencing the long-anticipated fuck. Her body convulsed in pleasure while her eyes rolled back in her head, air gushing from her lungs.
I concentrated on pumping my cock in deeply through her orgasm. Suddenly, her body went limp, and her contractions stopped while I unloaded my payload of sperm. After several more strokes, I collapsed on Mom, exhausted from our first incestuous coupling.
Recovering from my sexual bliss, I noticed no movement from Mom. I rose on my elbows to look at her face and observed no signs of life. Waves of panic set in while I thought of what to do. The woman I loved was lifeless beneath me.
I tried to find a pulse in her arm but wasn't sure where to look. I pinched her nostrils and lowered my mouth to hers, attempting resuscitation. After gently blowing several breaths into her lungs, her breasts heaved, and her eyes popped open. She exhaled her air back into my mouth.
I pulled back, thankful for her recovery. Relieved that she appeared perfectly healthy, I covered her neck and face with kisses.
"Damn, Mom. I thought I killed you. You were so still that I panicked. You scared me."
Giggling, she said, "Relax, honey. I briefly passed out from my intense orgasm. I've never had one that strong. I've been craving this for so long that I couldn't control myself when I released my pent-up emotions. I've never felt so much pleasure at once."
My semi-hard prick remained lodged in her cum-filled pussy. She moved her hips in a circular motion resulting in squishing sounds from her saturated cunt.
"Looks like I was out for the best part. You filled your mother," she seductively said while she stroked my back and pulled me in for a kiss.
"Honey, you didn't call emergency and tell them to come quick because you fucked your mother to death, did you?"
I snickered and kissed her lightly on the mouth. "No, I didn't have enough time. That would have been hard to explain."
"How did you know it was me? You knew from the start, didn't you?"
"Your legs, Mom. You've been flaunting them by me forever. I have every inch of your beautiful flesh memorized. You don't know the number of times I've jerked off fantasizing about you."
"So you like your old mom's legs, do you?"
"Your legs, your ass, your tits, your tight pussy. I love your smile, your laughter, and the sexy way you walk. I am happiest when we're together. I've wanted to make love to you for a long time. You don't know how close you've come to getting raped during the last week."
"I'm sorry if I teased you the last couple of days. I wasn't sure if you had the same physical emotions for me as I did for you. I didn't want to ruin our relationship, and I had to make certain," Mom purred while gently caressing my back.
She added, "And it wouldn't have been rape. It would have been a blessing. I hoped one of my skimpy nighties would prompt you to act."
After sliding my softening prick out to move my weight off her, she quickly pulled me to her and hugged me tightly.
"Please stay with me. I want to feel your skin against mine. Let me savor the moment of my young, strong man on top of me."
While our hot bodies meshed together in post-coital bliss, we gently caressed each other's bodies. I felt her forest of cum-soaked pussy hair rubbing against my trapped, semi-hard prick. We kissed and talked for the next ten minutes during our recovery.
Her arms ran over my ass and squeezed my buns. She moved her hips in a slow sexy circular motion before humping up, increasing the pressure on my prick nestled in her wet forest. When life purged back into my spent cock, I realized how lucky I was to have such a mother committed to sexually pleasing her son. Bringing my hands to her full breasts, I caressed and massaged her meaty globes.
Mom pleaded, "Sweetie, fuck me again. I want to enjoy my son making love to me. Please?"
"I love you, Mom. I'd do anything for you. Let's make our first night together memorable. Something we'll never forget."
I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue battling hers. Moving my hands to her nipples, I tweaked and twisted her sensitive buds, elevating her excitement level.
While I played with her luscious mounds, she reached down and stroked my slick, cum-coated shaft. She pulled my large, mushroom-shaped head into the mouth of her pussy and humped up to embed my prick in her hot canal.
I slowly stroked in and out of her wet pussy, embellishing the sensations of her velvety slot. My cock experienced little friction due to the lubricating cum left over from our first coupling. Locked deep in her pussy, I rose. Raising her knees, she reached up and pulled them tight to her chest.
While I pushed her legs, my leverage increased while pounding her hungry pussy. Heavily panting, she humped up to meet my thrusts while I deep-fucked her. Her pussy found new life, squeezing my prick when I plowed in and out. I looked down at our groins, witnessing the sinfully incestuous act of a son ravaging his mother.
As if reading my mind, she yelled, "Stuff your mother's cunt with your gigantic cock. It feels like a baseball bat. Oh damn, fuck me hard!"
My cock, slathered with our cum, drilled her horny hole. Reaching down, I massaged her clit while my ram battered her hot box. She screamed in pleasure when I lightly squeezed her sensitive nub. I eased off her clit, letting her relax as I enjoyed the moment.
It was the highlight of my life, fucking my hot mother. She writhed on the bed beneath me and thrust her hips like a wild woman. Her breathing rate increased, and I wondered if she would pass out again.
Relishing in the sexual conquest of my mother increased my stimulation. Close to achieving another orgasm, I hoped I would last longer the second time, but this was my mother I was fucking. I pulled her feet back, bringing her knees to point straight up. I pushed them out to spread her pelvis wide open. I felt pressure on my prick from her pussy when I opened her up.
Holding her meaty thighs, I fucked her while she writhed in pleasure. I couldn't get enough of her smooth legs. I gripped a hunk of firm flesh and used it to pound her leaking pussy harder.
Lowering down to her body, I pressed my hard nipples onto hers as our lips met. Her mouth was open and ready. We fucked each other's mouths while we made love in the missionary position. She dug her nails in my back, signaling she was nearing orgasm again. I wrapped my arms around her to hold her tight.
"Sam. I'm ready to cum again. I love your giant, hard cock. It's driving me crazy. Fuck your mother hard. Fill me with your sticky sperm, you sweet Motherfucker!"
"God, Mom. I've waited so long for this. Your pussy is so tight and hot. I'm going to cum, Mommy!"
She hugged me and wrapped her legs around my waist, elevating her pussy to meet my powerful thrusts. Groaning in pleasure, she deeply exhaled each time my fat head slammed against the back of her cavern.
"I love you, Mom!" I screamed while I fucked her hard. Her excited state prevented her from saying anything, continuously gasping for air.
We locked mouths while we committed our forbidden, incestuous coupling. My eyes stared deep into my mother's soul through her dark-chocolate eyes. They widened when more blood surged into the head of my prick. Panting into my mouth, her pupils dilated, her back arched, and her body shook while she climaxed. I pounded deep into her pussy, my balls spewing out any milky-white fluid left in my reservoir.
Her convulsing sheath trapped my erupting prick. Her spasms coincided with my orgasms, attempting to milk out any precious sperm from my balls.
After my final release, I continued to slowly fuck her, prolonging our incestuous sin. When I softened, I started to roll off her when she again hugged me tight to her. Our eyes locked together, cementing our deep love.
Her facial expression was an afterglow of blissful joy. She kissed me gently, saying, "I love you too. Thank you, sweetie. You're the best lover ever."
We gently caressed and consoled each other, committing our forbidden relationship while we revealed our innermost desires and feelings. Our love was on a higher plateau since we'd crossed the line that most mothers and sons act out privately in their fantasies.
After an hour of holding, caressing, and talking, Mom excused herself to go to the bathroom. When she returned, I did the same. I used a warm washcloth to clean off our sticky mixture of cum. Emerging from the bathroom, I wasn't sure if I should go to my room. Mom silently answered my question, holding the covers open and inviting me into her bed. I slid in, and we hugged each other, not for sex, but for love. We parted, and Mom rested her head on my chest. While I stroked her scalp, she fell into a deep sleep. I soon followed.
*****
When I awakened, fear struck me that last night's events had been a dream. Seeing Mom next to me sound asleep was a relief. It wasn't a fantasy in my mind. I had made love to my beautiful mother. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing Mom's sexy, nude body. Her breasts slowly heaved up and down while she remained sleeping restfully. Her pink nipples weren't engorged and full of blood like the previous night. I gently stroked her smooth stomach, lightly running my fingers over her ribcage, stopping to feel it rise and fall with her deep sleeping.
My hands roamed across her smooth stomach before spreading out my fingers to run through her mound of soft fur. Without stopping, I continued my light caressing down to her firm thighs, lightly squeezing her hot flesh. She moaned in pleasure while her breasts heaved. I hoped she was dreaming of our first fuck from the previous night.
Bringing my hand back to her smooth stomach, I explored higher across her hot and tight skin. I gently cupped her nearest mound, marveling at its firmness. I couldn't resist squeezing it while worshiping her beauty.
Mom's breathing quickened, and when I looked up, I noticed her staring at me, smiling seductively. She remained silent, contently watching her son caress her breasts. After her nipples filled with blood, she spoke. "Good morning. Do you like your mother's titties? You liked them when you were a child too."
I replied, "You bet, Mom. I could play with your breasts forever. It's a shame I can't remember them from infancy, but I can imagine I loved feeding on them. Your nipples are so sexy and inviting."
I leaned over and kissed her nearest engorged nub. Swirling my rough tongue around her tip, I gently latched onto her hard point. She brought her hands to the back of my head and held me in place while I fed on her succulent tit. I sucked hard on her taut and upright areole, resulting in her groaning loudly.
She gasped, "Oh, honey. That feels good. Suck your mother's tits and bite them, baby. Pull and twist my nipples. It's been too long since you nursed from me."
Locked onto her nearest nipple, I licked and lightly bit her sensitive bud. Moving my hand to her other breast, I massaged and squeezed her meaty tit. Gently holding her engorged nipple with my teeth, I pulled and teased her, causing her to moan and gasp. While I stretched her pinched nipple, I twisted her other nipple with my fingers.
When she humped her pelvis, I released her sensitive teat. Rolling over to meld with her sexy body, I kissed my mother.
It was a gentle closed-mouth kiss at first, a subtle, loving kiss. Mom changed the pace when she opened her mouth and attacked me with her tongue. We French-kissed with our naked bodies pressed together. We gasped for air, breathing fast while we made love with our mouths.
Backing off from our intimate kiss, I could see Mom's eyes were once again full of lust when she rolled us over until she was on top. She kissed her way down to my stomach. My prick was already a pillar of rock, rising out of my pubic hair. Still kissing her way down, she gripped my pole and slowly stroked up and down.
She rose and sat on my legs, facing me. Her hands explored my hairy thighs, bumping my full ball sack on each upstroke.
"You have such a sexy body, Sam. I've wanted to caress your legs as much as you've wanted to do to me." Continuing to rub up and down my thighs, she'd stop to grab a hunk of flesh, playfully pulling and squeezing it.
Bending down, she kissed her way up my hairy thigh until she reached my stiff pole. She lustfully looked up at me while seductively licking up and down my staff with her rough tongue. She hoarsely said, "Honey. It's been a while since I've sucked a prick, and such a giant one. As you said before, I made this beautiful cock."
Engulfing my fat head with her mouth, she swirled her tongue around my sensitive helmet. Descending my pole, she sucked hard on my staff. She held my balls and gently squeezed them while she fucked my rod with her hungry mouth. Her other hand gripped the bottom half of my prick, stroking up and down while her mouth fucked the top half of my pole. I wasn't going to last long.
"Damn, Mom. You suck cock good. Your mouth is unbelievable," I gasped, my voice cracking.
She'd bring me to the brink of orgasm before stopping, never releasing her mouth from my sensitive head. She looked at me with those round, brown eyes while feasting on my stiff shaft of flesh. It was difficult holding back my load while I watched my sexy mom perform such a sensual act.
Releasing my cock, she rose and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked each other with our tongues again. She lifted her pelvis, keeping her eyes locked with mine. Placing her hands on my shoulders to keep her balance, she crawled forward and positioned her hairy pussy over my shaft. She lowered her body, trapping my prick between our sweaty stomachs.
When my hand crept between our bodies to position my prick, she moved her head side-to-side, stopping me. When I halted, she slid her furry slit across my groin. It was a pelvic dance, mauling and shifting my prick around with her actions.
Lodging my shaft lengthwise into her slot, she ground up and down, scraping her raw pussy lips against my cock. Shifting lower, she rubbed my helmeted head against her clit. Leaving my tip smashed against her exposed clit, she moved in circles, stimulating her sensitive nub. She moaned and breathed rapidly.
Having enough stimulation on her clit, she pulled back, running my fat head up and down her slick slit. She sawed her pussy, to and fro, coating my shaft with slippery pussy juice. I thought she might climax without ever penetrating her. Still not using her hands, she inched forward, releasing my trapped prick. My shaft rose, freed from our smothering bodies. Before rising too far, Mom backed into it, inserting my cock head into the mouth of her hungry pussy.
Our eyes locked, and I could see the look of triumph when she managed to engulf my prick from the awkward position without help. She backed up until my cock was several inches in her tight, starved cunt. She rose while her hands grasped my stomach to keep my prick partway out of her snatch. She carefully lowered an inch before rising, allowing my size to stretch her tight channel.
After her pussy surrendered to my ram, she fucked my pole, increasing the amount of cock with each stroke.
Her expression was of total bliss while she slowly fucked me. Churning back and forth while pumping up and down, she scraped the sides of her pussy that screamed for attention. Pussy juice drenched my solid shaft, making it easier for her to lower down further. Raising back up, she stopped when my fat head was at the entrance of her clenching pussy. Looking down at me lustfully, she released my sides and fell until my balls smashed against her ass.
She squealed from pleasure when she bottomed out, rising again to plummet back down my shaft. Fucking me hard and fast, I thrust up on her down strokes, ramming my cock deeper into her cavern. Reaching out with my hands, I stroked her legs while she enjoyed being in control of our fuck.
She threw her head back and gasped for air, fucking her son as hard as she could. Juices from both of us flowed out of her hole while she fucked my slippery prick. Slowing her pumping, she lowered down, pushing her breasts in front of my face. Knowing what she desired, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her nearest breast into my waiting mouth.
I mauled her tit while she continued to fuck me. Constant deep guttural groans emanated from her. I captured her stiff nipple, squeezed it between my lips, and pulled hard as if milking it.
"God, yes. Suck Mommy's tits. You're fucking your horny mother good with your fat cock. I've fantasized about making love with you for a long time. Whenever you cum with me, I want to kiss you. I love you so much!"
My mother knew exactly how to please her son. She locked her mouth on mine while fucking me. I grabbed her ass and slammed into her pussy. My cock filled with blood making more contact as it scraped the walls of her pussy. A large payload of hot cum shot up my stem and out the tip.
Her pussy contracted on my prick while I deposited a large load of sticky sperm. After we were both spent, she lowered her body to mine. Neither of us spoke while we fought to breathe.
Her firm breasts squished out on the sides of our bodies while she rested. My hands caressed her sweaty, smooth back while she recovered from our morning fuck. She rested her head next to mine, nibbling on my ear while she caught her breath. Her hot air bathing my neck sent shivers through me. Her rapid breathing gradually calmed while she relaxed. We were content to say nothing, enjoying the close connection.
"Wow, Mom. What a way to begin a day. What do you say we stay in bed until lunch?" Running my hands down her lower back, I cupped her rounded ass and squeezed her firm globes of flesh. I wondered how many times I could fuck my mom in one day. Visions of different positions flashed through my mind when Mom brought me back to reality when she softly spoke.
"I'd love to, and we will do that one of these days but not today. We have a full schedule ahead of us. We have a client at one in the afternoon. Then we're going to take your aunt out to the movies and dinner and have one more appointment at eight tonight."
Unable to contain my surprise, I exclaimed, "Mom, that's an aggressive plan. Do you want me to be with other women now? You're the only one I want. Why don't we tell Sharon we don't want to take on more clients?"
She giggled and kissed me before explaining. "First off, Sharon doesn't have anything to do with it. She was my first customer. I interviewed the other women at their houses."
After processing Mom's revelation, I realized she had sent me to Sharon's to give her a baby. This whole time I thought this was Sharon's grand plan. Someone else might have felt used, but I felt nothing but love and admiration for my mother. Everything she did was for my benefit.
"Concerning other women, I think it's healthy for you to have other relationships," Mom explained. "There was a reason why our clients gave large bonuses. You're not only a wonderful lover, but you know how to make a woman feel special. I know firsthand how much pleasure a woman can feel with you. I want to share that with other women. The icing on the cake is your college expenses are getting paid."
She smirked and added, "You only have to promise you'll sleep with me at night and sexually take care of me. Although, as much as we're going to be fucking, I won't be able to afford to pay what I charge others."
Her sexy smile and talk regarding our future together stirred my prick, but I had to save it for our client in a few hours. When she lifted her body off mine, our skin, bonded together by heat and sweat, reluctantly pulled apart. We chuckled at the sound it made while we separated.
We rose out of bed to dress and have breakfast. I slipped on my robe, and when Mom started to put on hers, I pleaded, "Mom, would you mind wearing your blue nightie through breakfast? It's something I look forward to each morning."
She dropped her robe, joy spreading across her face. "Oh no, sweetie. I've had that old nightie for far too long. It isn't proper attire for a mother to parade around in."
Seeing my disappointment, she giggled while she walked to her closet. I was ready to close my robe and leave when I heard her say, "I've been saving this one for you. Do you think this is more appropriate for a mother to wear around her horny son?"
She walked out of her closet wearing a different nightie. She sexily strutted to the edge of the bed, turned slowly, and displayed her new attire.
It was the same style and color as her other nightie, but the material was translucent. It was sheer enough to see everything underneath. It enhanced her beauty more than I thought possible. When she turned to the side, her hard, pink nipples pushed out the top, and her full rounded breasts were visible, showing no signs of sagging.
She turned to face me, placing her hands on her waist, causing her nightie to tighten against her nipples. I stared at her beautifully toned bare thighs, then traveled up to admire her hairy pussy, barely hidden beneath the thin fabric. Her facial expression was a mix of seeking approval with one of lust.
Scanning her beautiful body, my cock quickly filled with blood and poked out the front of my robe, pointing to its prey it desired to attack. Her eyes traveled to my hard cock, and she no longer looked like she needed approval. Her face changed to one of sexual craving.
When she ran her hands up to her breasts over the smooth fabric, she huskily said, "Well, it looks like someone appreciates my newest purchase. The material is silk and feels good too. Come here and see for yourself."
I walked to her and held her tight, running my hands over the thin silky material, caressing her sexy body.
"You're so beautiful, Mom. You turn me on whenever I look at you. Anything you wear makes me hot," I said, kissing her passionately. I squeezed her thinly covered breasts, twisting her engorged nipples. She pushed my robe off my shoulders and wrapped her fingers around my hard, throbbing cock. I lowered my hands below her nightie to hold her firm ass. She panted while passionately kissing me.
She murmured, "Oh, honey. I love it that you get aroused by me. You've awakened my sexual lust, and I adore your wonderful cock. I love what you're doing to me, but we should eat breakfast and prepare for our next client."
Instead of releasing my cock, she stroked it while her kissing intensified. With my hands still holding her firm buns, I coaxed her backward. Lowering her down, I positioned her on the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs, causing her nightie to rise and expose her hairy, wet gash. I walked into her, shoving my rock-hard prick into her welcoming snatch. I couldn't believe I was fucking my beautiful mother again, and it felt as great as the first time.
My stiff shaft pistoned in and out of her hairy hole. Her breasts flopped up and down beneath the thin nightie while I bottomed out forcefully each time. With her legs on my shoulders, she incoherently muttered phrases of pleasure while I continued to ravish her body in an attempt to release my pent-up sexual lust. Concentrated on our incestuous coupling, we could care less about any client today. We followed our primal animal instincts to fuck as no mother and son should be doing.
She chanted while I drove my ram into her oily hole. "Fuck me hard. Love me and fuck me like a true Motherfucker."
I pounded her horny pussy until I neared my orgasm. With my shaft fully embedded in her cavern, I stopped stroking to allow our excitement levels to lower. We locked eyes while our groins mashed together. Moving her legs off my shoulders, she wrapped them around my waist. With a lustful look, she opened her arms, inviting me to her hot body. A clear invitation from a mother wanting her son to finish fucking her. It was an offering I wasn't going to pass up.
I lowered down to her nightie-clad torso and kissed her open mouth. She wrapped her arms around me and held me tight while my expanding prick stretched her pussy walls. Holding onto her ass, I jack-hammered my mother's pussy. While we kissed, we locked eyes, continuing to enjoy the spontaneous and exciting coupling. Looking into each other's souls, we communicated our intense love. Her beautiful, brown eyes widened, signaling her impending orgasm.
She groaned in my mouth and battled my tongue. Her pussy squeezed my shaft, resulting in my powerful contraction. I pounded into her at a feverish pace while we experienced our intense orgasms. Inserted fully, I released her mouth to suck in a deep breath. I rested my head beside hers while we enjoyed the aftermath of our sinful copulation.
After she licked the outer lobes of my ear, she whispered, "Sam, I think I better wear my robe, or we won't make it out of our bedroom."
My heart skipped a beat when she said our bedroom. It was confirmation that we were a loving couple, committed to each other. We had shattered the morally accepted boundaries of a mother-son relationship.
I caressed her nightie-clad back and murmured, "I can't help it, Mom. You're so sexy. I want to be with you every minute of the day. Your body excites me as no other woman can." I kissed her sensuously, then pulled out, allowing a stream of mixed cum to pour out of her saturated pussy. True to her word, she wore her robe, but it didn't deter me from lustfully staring at her body while she gracefully glided around the kitchen.
We quickly finished breakfast and retired to the living room. We still had a couple of hours to kill before our client showed up, allowing us to snuggle on the couch. I was afraid I wouldn't recover in time, but sitting close to Mom ignited my lust. Mom's hand went through the front of my robe to lightly hold my semi-hard prick. She probably had the same concerns about whether I'd be able to perform after our morning bout of sex.
Lightly squeezing my shaft, she apprehensively spoke. "Sam, I've had this rule with my clients that there would be no refunds or repeats, even if the process proved unsuccessful. One client has been persistent, and I felt sorry for the poor girl. I agreed, even before she offered to double the original amount. It wasn't the money that swayed my mind; I wanted to make her happy. Our appointment with her is at one."
My mind raced through the women trying to figure out who it was. Since she said girl, it must be one of the two younger ones. Before I could concentrate further, she acknowledged, "It was the lady from two days ago. Her body was covered and hidden, except for her beautiful face and silky, black hair."
It was indeed my lucky day; she described Snow White. Images of her black bush contrasting against her smooth, white skin flashed through my mind. My shaft pulsed, signaling my excitement.
Mom still had her hand wrapped around my prick and felt it come alive. She bleated, "Should I be jealous of this girl? It looks like you have some special feelings for her."
"She was charming, Mom, but you're still the love of my life," I said, trying to put her at ease.
She smiled and leaned in to lightly kiss me, no hint of jealousy, looking pleased with her son's happiness.
At the designated time, I retreated to my room to wait for the arrival of Snow White. I sat on my bed nude, displaying my semi-hard cock, waiting for Mom's entrance. She strolled in wearing her robe, and I instantly hardened, rising and hugging her, ending with an erotic kiss. She wrapped her hands around my manhood and stressed, "Let's save this for our client. Hopefully, you'll be successful today. Good luck, honey. Don't forget your aunt is coming over at three."
There was no reason to wear my robe anymore. I marched down the stairs to our room nude, my stiff prick swaying back and forth. Once I entered, I noticed a change in the positioning of the woman. The sheet covered her, but it was high, like she was on her knees praying, her back pushing up the sheet.
I remembered how nervous she was our first time. While uncovering her, I said, "I'm glad you returned. I can't wait to feel your beautiful skin again." When I shoved the sheet up, she extended her body forward and raised her ass into the air. My prick jerked when I realized she wanted it doggy style. Maybe she thought this would be a better method to impregnate her.
Her long, pure white leg flesh accented her black, hairy pussy. She widened her legs, exposing her already wet gash, ready for an infusion of sperm. Hard as a rock, I moved up and stroked her lily-white meat.
Her skin was hot and firm to the touch, burning my fingers. I took my time running my hands up and down her smooth thighs. The sides of my hands bumped against her furry slit each time I went to the top. Her sweet pussy scent emanated from her sex, anticipating my fat cock stretching her tight channel.
Reluctantly releasing my hands from her firm thighs, my aching cock demanded I proceed. Placing my mushroom-shaped head onto the puffy outer lips of her pussy, I rolled it around, lubricating it with her flowing juices. No more foreplay was warranted; I jabbed my prick deep into her throbbing pussy.
Moaning in the pillow while my prick descended to the bottom, she shrieked in pleasure when my engorged head slammed against her back wall. Her pussy contracted while she experienced her first orgasm. Holding my prick lodged deep, I stroked her sides and legs, allowing her to recover from her fast climax. No sounds came from her while she fought to catch her breath.
I enjoyed the quiet moment, caressing her smooth flesh. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make love to her like an average couple, kissing her as we made love. "Take your time, baby. We'll take it as slow as you want. I could fuck you all night."
A long groan broke her silence when she moved her hips forward and back, fucking herself on my pole. She was ready for another round; I was determined to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me. Gripping her hips, I fucked her hard.
The angle of my piercing lance caused her pleasure centers to fire off when I bumped and scraped against her tight pussy walls. We fucked hard for ten minutes, concentrating on pleasing each other. Wanting this session to last longer to enjoy her body faded away when I neared my orgasm. My prick serviced her sensitive pussy while I reached up and kneaded her swaying tits. I squeezed them hard and twisted her nipples between my fingers. Her rapid breathing and loud moaning were the only sounds coming from under the sheet.
Her second orgasm unexpectedly occurred when her pussy suddenly clamped down on my invading prick. Hearing her scream into the pillow, a stream of hot cum shot up through my stem, causing the tip of my cock to explode. A load of hot seed spurt out, bathing the back of her pussy. Each blast of hot cum I shot into her resulted in another contraction from her convulsing cavern.
I slowly fucked her after our mutual orgasms finished, relishing in the blissful connection we had just shared. Crestfallen that the session was already over, I hoped we weren't successful again.
Both of us breathed hard and fast while we recovered from the intense fuck. Panting, I managed to spout, "You are so sexy. I know it's selfish of me, but in a way, I hope you're not pregnant again."
I pulled out, leaving her ass uncovered while I backed up. My eyes traveled from her cum-filled pussy down her creamy smooth thighs to her delicate feet.
The sheet went flying off. Suddenly, Snow White flipped around and flopped onto the bed. Still staring at her legs, she spoke in a sexy French accent. "No hope is necessary. I'm pretty sure you impregnated me last session. This time was for you."
I recognized her voice. I quickly looked up. "Monica?"
"Yes, Sam. Come to me, my love," she cooed, her arms open. I lowered down to her, melding my body to hers.
She stroked my scalp while memories flashed back to me.
*****
It was my last year in our old neighborhood. I loved walking back and forth to the school, located a mile from our house. Each day my route passed by a preschool halfway between our home and my school.
On one of those days, I ran across a couple of bullies teasing and tormenting a young girl outside the preschool. I broke it up and continued to walk home. I noticed the girl they harassed followed me for a few blocks before I lost sight of her.
Days after this incident, the same girl would wait by the school for me to pass and then follow me. I didn't think anything of it; she was probably using me to stop the kids from picking on her. After a couple of weeks of this routine, I noticed she went up a walkway to a large house with large bushes on both sides. One day when I walked by, I spotted a woman wearing Muslim attire inside the entrance of the hidden walkway. When I passed, she quietly whispered, "Excuse me, Sir. Could I talk to you?"
I stopped, unsure if she would accuse me of trying to lure the girl or what. I uneasily responded, "Um, sure. Anything wrong?"
"Please follow me, and I'll explain," she said as she went up to the house and waited for the girl and me to enter. After we were inside, she removed the covering on her head, revealing her beautiful face. She told her daughter to sit at the table with me. She had a French accent, unlike what I expected from her attire.
She introduced herself as Monica and her daughter as Camila before she went to the kitchen and brought out a plate of warm cookies and two glasses of milk. She set them down in front of us and sat opposite us at the table.
Camila picked up a cookie and devoured it. Monica smiled and told me she was grateful for me protecting her daughter. Kids harassed her because they knew she was a child of a Muslim family. Her French accent intrigued me while I listened to her talk. When Camila finished, Monica told her to go to her room and play.
After taking a bite out of the delicious cookie, I felt a bump on my leg. Looking down, I eyed a beautiful, short-haired, black cat walking around my legs. I lifted the friendly kitty off the floor and placed her on my lap. She curled and purred while I petted her. I knew where to scratch her neck and head to give her the attention she wanted.
I asked, "And who is this cute girl? I love cats. Her fur is soft and sleek."
Monica smiled wide and said, "Her name is Dinah. She likes a lot of attention. My husband hates cats."
That was the first indication she wasn't on board with her marriage. She kept a cat her husband hated, and the cat's name was of Jewish origin. That couldn't have set well with her Muslim husband.
Unwilling to further explain the details concerning her cat, she informed me she wanted to thank me earlier, but her husband was home, and she couldn't talk to another man with him present. He was doing business in the Middle East now; she seized the opportunity to thank me.
She originated from France and married her wealthy husband at eighteen when she was pregnant with Camila. She admitted she was naive and easily influenced by the prestige and money afforded her. Even though their love was brief, she remained with him, honoring her obligation. She wasn't religious, but she made an effort to observe some of the Muslim rules to satisfy her husband.
We talked for over an hour, getting acquainted with each other. Marrying young to a wealthy Middle Eastern businessman allowed her to attend private colleges. I found her to be intelligent and educated while we discussed our lives. She inquired about my studies, and we talked at length. She was witty and injected humor into our conversation, causing us to laugh through much of our talk. Sex didn't enter my mind while I connected with the highly educated and charming young lady.
For the next six months, we met dozens of times on my walks home when her husband was out of town. We spent hours together, giggling and talking, while I pampered Dinah with my affection. I enjoyed the time with Monica, feeling at ease with her pleasant demeanor. I looked forward to walking home, hoping she'd be waiting for me. Her daughter still kept her distance, following me home each day.
Concerned that Camila might mention my visits to her father, I asked Monica whether there would be a problem if her daughter disclosed my visits. She told me her husband never wanted a daughter and wouldn't talk or listen to her. She isolated Camila from him as much as possible, and they were experts at keeping secrets.
She never uncovered more than the fabric on her head, meaning I couldn't see her beautiful body concealed beneath. We became best friends, probably the strangest and most secret friendship in town. That was the hard part when Mom mentioned we were moving after graduation.
Monica and I decided we wouldn't keep in touch through email or letters in the chance she might get caught. We teared up during our final visit as we knew we wouldn't see each other again. I didn't tell Mom about Monica, even when she questioned why I was depressed for the first few months after we relocated.
*****
Monica brought me back from my memories, bringing me up to date with her life. Her husband divorced her six months ago, desiring a younger wife and one that would provide him with a son. He left Monica with the house, a large sum of money, and Camila before he moved back to the Middle East.
She was more than happy with the arrangement. She wanted another child and wanted the father to be intelligent and sensitive. She loved our talks together and wanted her child to inherit my traits. When she heard the details of our business through her wealthy friends, she seized the opportunity to conceive a baby with me.
She thought she would be content once our first session had finished. She was hesitant to reconnect with me for the sole purpose of getting pregnant. That's why she concealed herself through our first coupling. After our initial rendezvous, she wanted to marry the lust we shared during our sexual liaison with the emotional relationship we had enjoyed previously. She decided to reveal herself this time, and I couldn't have been happier.
We talked for over an hour, connecting again. We explored each other as if we hadn't felt a nude body before. I didn't tell Monica I was in love with her. Maybe I hadn't fallen out of love during our earlier time together. Better take it slow, I thought, chuckling to myself. The definition of a slow courtship probably didn't mean madly fucking, and then dating afterward.
I rolled on top of her, and we kissed like lovers. Our tongues explored our mouths while we fought to press our bodies together as one. I was hard again and wanted to make love to this woman. We locked eyes when I guided my stiff prick into her wet, receptive hole.
I caressed her full breasts while I sunk my cock to the depths of her hungry cunt. We fucked as lovers, caressing each other while we enjoyed the stimulation of my cock smoothly gliding in and out of her pussy. We kissed and hugged each other, enjoying the contact of our hot, sweaty bodies. Her body melted into mine as I attempted to satisfy her sex-starved cunt.
Increasing the pace of our fuck, I furiously stroked in and out of her tight snatch. We mashed our mouths together as our sexual liaison intensified.
Barely able to talk, I gushed, "You are so hot and sexy. I loved our time together in the past, and now we're joined completely. I'm not letting you go again." I again locked my mouth to hers as we neared a mutual orgasm.
As my prick expanded with hot blood signaling my impending orgasm, she released my mouth to huskily shriek, "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like I'm your mom! Fill my pussy as you do with your mother's."
Images of Mom and I fucking flashed through my mind, blood pouring into my expanding shaft. My balls contracted before they shot out the reservoir of hot sperm generated in the last hour. Her body shivered and shook as we enjoyed our synchronized orgasms.
Drained from our intense love-making session, I left my prick soaking in her drenched cunt, enjoying the moment of post-coital bliss. I broke the silence by softly asking, "You know? About my mother?"
"Of course, I know. Your mother is beautiful and sexy. You're a horny and handsome son; it was inevitable. She's so hot that I wouldn't mind spending some intimate time with her. And if you were my son, I would have fucked you long ago. She is a lucky mother to have a hunky, horny son."
I was still embedded in her soaked pussy while listening to her. I slowly pulled out when I softened, kissing her as we parted. I looked at the clock and realized we had been together far too long. Rachel was coming over in half an hour.
"I'm sorry, Monica, but I have to end our session because my aunt is visiting in a few minutes. I'll tell Mom to reimburse you. You're more than a client to me."
"Stop right there, Sam," Monica stated. "You won't tell your mother anything of the kind. We'll keep meeting until we zero your college debts."
We talked for several more minutes before I stood up to leave. When I looked at Monica's beautiful sexy body with my cum drooling out of her pussy an idea formed. I asked, "Did you mean it when you said you would like to be with my mom?"
"Oh yea, she is so sexy. I would love to explore her body," she lustfully stammered.
I lifted her knees and spread her legs wide so that when Mom entered the room, she'd see Monica's black, hairy pussy dripping out ropes of white semen. "Stay like this; I have a feeling you're in for a treat," I said when I felt my cock stir, admiring her sexy display.
As I was leaving, she quietly pleaded, "Sam, could we get together again, like on a date? I've missed you so much. I'll understand if you don't want to be involved with a woman bringing children into the relationship."
Seeing her fearful expression, I walked over to her and kissed her sensuously, promising, "I'd love nothing more than to see you again. We'll go out often, and Mom will be happy to babysit Camila and Dinah. I've missed you, too." Her look of fear turned to an expression of joy while she pondered our future.
I left the door open while I walked down the hall, meeting Mom at the end. When we met, I hugged and passionately kissed her. She reached down and clutched my cum soaked prick. She scraped the sides while pulling her hand along the length of my shaft before bringing it to her mouth. She smiled and jested, "I love the taste of your cum, but I hope you left some in our client. I'd hate for you to have to do another repeat."
I quickly replied, "No worries, Mom. She wasn't here for a baby. She came back for me."
She looked taken aback. "I think I am jealous now. She paid for another session just to fuck my son?"
"Relax, Mom. We're old friends, and I'm very attracted to her." I reached into her robe with one hand and teased her hard, engorged nipple while kissing her again. My other hand went through the opening in her robe in search of her hairy pussy. When I pushed three fingers into her wet slot, I said, "Mom, even if I love other women, we'll still be here for each other. There is nothing stronger than the love of a mother and son. It's a special bond, separate from other relationships."
We kissed again, and I could see the love in her eyes, acknowledging the sinful relationship we'd always have. I removed my hands so she could meet Monica. Ending my kiss, I whispered, "After all, you don't want to be mad at your future daughter-in-law, do you?"
Her panting was still rapid from the short time we connected. She kissed me in return and said, "I hope you've found a girl who can provide you with the love you deserve. That would make me the happiest mother ever."
When I left for my room, I quipped, "Mom, since you like my cum so much, I don't think our client would mind sharing." I stayed at the bottom of the stairs while Mom skipped down the hall to meet Monica. She entered our bedroom, and seconds later, her robe flew out the door, landing on the hallway floor. I heard her screech, "Sam left such a mess here. Let me clean you up." Sounds of sexual pleasure emanated from our room while I went upstairs to take my shower.
When I finished drying off, I looked out the window and noticed Rachel walking down the sidewalk half a block away. It had taken longer than I thought with Monica, and my aunt was arriving early. I quickly dressed and ran down the stairs to Mom's room. Monica and Mom were eating each other's hairy cunts, in the throes of sexual oral bliss.
"Mom, Rachel is arriving early. I'll keep her in the garden while you two finish." No acknowledgment came from either woman while they concentrated on their sexual bonding.
I ran outside and met Rachel as she neared the front door. Interlocking arms, I escorted her to the garden around the side of our house. Stalling for time, I walked her through the beds, telling her our plans for each. I managed to waste twenty minutes when my aunt looked up and saw movement in the house. "Who's the woman with your mom? I haven't seen her before."
I replied, "Oh, she's a friend Mom had over. It looks like they're running late. We'll be ready to go to the movies and dinner as planned. Don't worry; it'll just be my favorite two ladies with me tonight."
She smiled, and we walked up to the house to wait. Minutes later, Mom returned and greeted us with a sexy smile. Her Hawaiian floral dress looked fabulous on her. It was shorter than usual, and it was obvious she wore no bra, her pointy nipples pushing out the thin fabric. She looked stunning, and Rachel looked surprised when she gazed at Mom's exquisite beauty.
She stared intently at my mother's provocative, sexy dress but didn't mention anything while we walked to the car. We decided on dinner first as we were hungry. My attention focused on Mom's hard nipples poking out the thin material. I felt guilty ignoring my sexy aunt. Her blue lace bra was visible under her tight, sheer blouse, and I wondered if Mom had informed her my favorite lingerie color was blue.
The hostess at the restaurant greeted us and said, "Hi, Melissa. Glad to see you again. I'll seat you in a nice booth."
"Thanks, Lisa. We'll be right behind you," Mom replied.
Lisa walked us to a secluded booth at the end of a long room. Mom and I sat on one side while Rachel sat opposite us. When Mom slid in, her dress slid up, revealing her sexy thighs. Sitting down, I noticed the table was far enough away from the seat, enabling me to see Mom's bare legs. Thankfully, Rachel couldn't see anything from her position.
As soon as Lisa left, I asked, "Mom, how do you know her? Do you come here often?"
"I met her here a couple of months ago. She's a good server, and I enjoy my visits with her. She's very nice and friendly. You'll like her."
Before I could ask any more questions, Lisa arrived to take our orders. She remained at our table, engaging us in a friendly conversation. Lisa was tall and very thin. I doubt if she broke a hundred on the scales, but she had toned muscles and didn't look unhealthily thin.
Her casual talking transitioned to flirting as if she were competing with the two beautiful women accompanying me. Mom and Rachel encouraged her flirtations while Lisa twirled the ends of her short, light-brown, silky hair. I noticed her stealing glimpses of Mom's exposed thighs. All too soon, she departed to place our order.
I lustfully stared at her long legs while she walked away. She wore the same skirt as the other servers, but due to her height, it looked a lot shorter. She wore her belt higher also, probably because she knew how to flaunt her best asset. I'm sure she received large tips from showing off her long, lithe legs. Her breasts hid beneath her blouse, but I surmised they were small, enabling her to go braless. She looked like the girls I'd date at school because she had the same facial features as Mom and my aunt.
When she left, Rachel said, "My, she's cute, and I believe she has a crush on your son, Melissa."
My face flushed while Mom moved over close to me, wrapping her arm around me as if consoling me. She jokingly scorned Rachel. "Now stop it, Sis. You're embarrassing my poor son. Besides, I think he prefers older women."
"Is it true, Sam? You like the more experienced woman?" my aunt piped, sexily looking at me.
Thinking briefly of telling her how I love fucking my horny mom, I decided against it and ended our discussion. "You two need to stop it. A gentleman doesn't kiss and tell."
They both smiled, and Rachel excused herself to go to the restroom. When she was out of earshot, I took the time to admire Mom's sexy body. "Jesus, Mom. You reek of sex. I want to take you home and devour you. Rachel was impressed too. Did you see the way she stared at you?"
"I have a lot of outfits I can't wait to try on for you. I think Rachel believes she's the only sexy slut in the family. She's probably jealous because you're looking at me more than her. I wonder what she'd think if she knew I'm not wearing panties, either."
Openly leering at her sexy, bare thighs, I lustfully said, "She is quite the looker, much like her sister."
Mom reached over, clenched my pants, and bent my stiff prick while jokingly remarking, "Watch it, buster, Rachel is my baby sister. Behave yourself."
Seeing her sister returning, she released my prick and whispered, "But not too much."
Mom and Rachel immediately engaged in conversation, and I wondered if Mom was aware of Rachel's hard nipples poking out the material of her blouse. Obviously, she had removed her bra in the bathroom. I wondered if she was competing with Mom or Lisa.
Feeling Mom's legs bumping against me was confirmation she also noticed Rachel's display. Grabbing my cloth napkin, I moved it below the table and placed it on my leg. I reached over and slid my hand up and down Mom's exposed leg. When my hand ventured higher, I felt the heat from her groin when my hand stopped at her closed thighs.
While still immersed in her discussion with Rachel, she moved her left leg over, allowing me access to her hairy treasure. I slowly ran my hand under her skirt to the top of her luscious thigh. The side of my hand stopped when it hit her mound of fur. Putting pressure on her pussy, I sawed up and down her slit with the edge of my hand. She squirmed on the seat and managed to bring her pussy up for easier access. I ran my fingers up and down her outer lips, causing her juices to flow.
I inserted two fingers into her steaming snatch; she moved her left hand under the table. Thinking she would shoe me away from her hairy mound, I was surprised to see her pull her skirt up to her waist, exposing her pelvis. Her hand returned to the top of the table while she engaged Rachel in conversation. It was the perfect cover for me to play with Mom's pussy. I buried another finger into her wet hole and massaged her sensitive walls.
I had my hand upside down in an uncomfortable position while I played with her pussy. I couldn't stroke in and out as my arm would move, alerting Rachel. Moving my fingers around her leaking pussy, I stimulated it as if I were fucking her. She struggled with breathing while she talked to her sister, and her voice cracked when I ran my fingers over her engorged clit.
She neared her climax when I noticed Lisa arriving with a large serving tray. When Lisa placed Rachel's plate in front of her, I began sliding my fingers out of Mom's excited pussy to allow her to lower her skirt. Her hand quickly landed on mine, guiding my fingers back down to the depths of her clasping channel.
She held my hand in her pussy, covering mine and her mound of hair. Lisa placed my plate in front of me, and I could see her staring at our hands clamped tight to Mom's pussy. She picked up Mom's plate and leaned hard into me, squashing her soft tit into my shoulder, muttering, "Pardon my reach." She slowly placed Mom's plate down, her eyes locked onto our erotic display. Mom's gaze fixated on Lisa's expression, gauging her reaction to our wanton, sexual exhibition.
Lisa lingered, smiled wide, pulled back, and asked us if we needed anything else. As she turned to leave, Mom stuttered, "Lisa, would you mind grinding some fresh pepper on my pasta?" Mom leaned back, moved her hand away from mine, and shoved it under her ass, enabling her to push her pussy up, making the display even more erotic.
Lisa smiled wide, retrieved the pepper mill, and leaned over to comply with Mom's request. While she pushed her breast into my shoulder, Mom sexily smiled and observed Lisa, who was intently staring at Mom's pussy, stuffed full of my fingers. With Lisa's eyes locked onto Mom's groin, I moved my wet, slick fingers out and then back to the bottom of his pussy.
I glanced over at Rachel, fearing she would see Lisa mesmerized at our exhibition but relieved when I noticed her concentrating on her plate of pasta.
"That's probably enough pepper," I said. Lisa stopped cranking the shaker but lingered to stare at Mom's voyeuristic display. Her breath was short and rapid when she backed up and asked us if there was anything else we needed. Mom told her we were good and thanked her for the fantastic service.
Lisa sexily smiled, turned, and walked away. I intensified my attack on Mom's pussy, knowing it would be overly suspicious if I left my left hand under the table for much longer. While Mom ate her peppery entree, I mauled her sensitive pussy. Her face flushed, and her pussy pulsated in anticipation of a climax. Moving my forefinger and thumb up to the top of her slit, I rolled and squeezed her slick, engorged clit. Stroking it as she would do to my prick, I soon felt her orgasm commence.
She shrieked when her pussy shook and let loose a flood of juices, cumming on my intruding hand. Rachel looked up, saw Mom's flushed face, and exclaimed, "Melissa, are you feeling okay? You look like you're burning up."
Mom grabbed her glass of water, took a few big gulps, and managed to spout, "Maybe too much pepper at once. I'm okay now." Satisfied with her sister's answer, Rachel resumed eating. I removed my hand from Mom's soaked pussy, wiping my fingers off my napkin. After I moved my soiled cloth over to Mom's leaking slit, her hand came down to take over. After cleaning up her juices, Mom placed my soaked napkin on my leg and moved her skirt back down. Mom and Rachel continued talking as if nothing had happened. When we finished eating, I reached down and brought my napkin up to my face as if I were wiping my mouth but, instead, deeply inhaled Mom's pussy scent.
Mom smiled and bumped her leg on mine, acknowledging my action. Lisa showed up with the check and asked if we needed anything else. She smiled, teasing, "Perhaps some Cream Pie would be good?"
Mom replied, "Not now, Lisa, perhaps later. Thanks, though." Rachel didn't act wise to their secretive talk as Lisa smiled wide and walked away. Mom paid with cash, leaving a generous tip. I wondered if she was giving Lisa hush money or because she liked her.
Rachel stood to leave while I did the same to let Mom exit. When they walked out, I turned to the table to rearrange my prick, which had hardened at an odd angle. I reached down and adjusted my cock to point straight up along my stomach in a more comfortable position.
I turned to leave and practically ran over Lisa. She smiled as if she knew what I had been doing and walked up close enough that the mixture of her light perfume and sweat swept over me. Her face was inches from mine. She moved closer, pushing a soft breast into my arm while shoving her exposed thigh between my legs, pressing it against my stiff prick.
Rubbing her leg back and forth on my covered cock, she said, "Be sure to ask for me next time to get a nice private booth. I wrote my schedule down for you. I would love to serve your party again."
Moving her closed fist to mine, she transferred the note to my hand. Expecting a piece of paper, I was pleasantly surprised to feel a flimsy, silky pair of panties. They were damp and warm, the result of watching our sexual display. I quickly stuffed them into my pants pocket.
I picked up my napkin, soaked with Mom's juices, and held it to her hand, closing her fingers around it. I leaned into her pushing my hard cock into her thigh, and whispered, "I'm afraid Mom made a mess of her napkin. She had to use it to clean up some leaking juices."
Lisa sucked in a deep breath of air, and her eyes widened when she digested the taboo nature of our relationship. Her face turned from surprise to lust when she snatched the soiled napkin from my hand.
I thanked her again and said goodbye, leaving to catch up with Mom and Rachel. Halfway to the door, I turned to see Lisa in the booth. One hand pressed the cum-drenched napkin onto her face while the other was under the table. Knowing her pussy was receiving a pounding from witnessing a mother and son commit a sinful act made me smile wide.
At the theater, I sat between Mom and Rachel. Mom wrapped her arm around me when the lights dimmed. I did the same to her, and we leaned against each other. Knowing Rachel couldn't see my roaming hand, I cupped Mom's braless tit while we watched the feature film. Mom leaned over close and whispered, "I know it doesn't matter, but you have my full approval if you want to marry Monica."
Remembering the image of those two locked in sex, I smiled, leaned back, and whispered, "Of course, it matters. I'm glad you like Monica. It means a lot to me."
My aunt noticed Mom's arm around me and put her around me, leaning into me. The side of her soft braless tit pressed into my side. With her other hand, she pulled my arm around her back to rest my hand on her waist. I had my arms around two beautiful women. Afraid of being as bold with Rachel as my mom, I slowly slid my hand right below her breast, holding onto her ribcage.
When the movie credits scrolled, Mom rose to leave. Rachel slumped in her chair, causing her braless breast to fall in my hand. In an unconscious reaction, I squeezed her meaty mound. I quickly released her luscious tit, covering my action by saying, "Sorry, Auntie. Guess I lost my balance for a moment."
She smiled and chuckled, "I didn't notice anything, Sam. Only a perfect gentleman that likes older women and never tells."
Once again, I had to adjust my stiff prick before we left to go home. It was a short ride back to our neighborhood. Mom stopped the car in front of Rachel's house and told me to walk her sister to her door before coming home. Remembering we had an appointment in less than two hours, I knew I didn't have time to go in and talk.
After I walked my sexy aunt to her door, she turned to me and wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. She rarely hugged me before tonight, catching me off-guard. Hot air hit my ear when she whispered, "I'm happy you're here this summer. I love hanging out with you. Thank you for a wonderful evening."
She kissed me on the neck and tightened her hug. Her soft, meaty breasts mashed against my chest while she pushed her hips into my stiff prick. She backed off and gave me a sexy smile before entering her house. I walked home with a raging hard-on. Reviewing the events of the past few days, it seemed clear that Aunt Rachel was coming on to me. I wondered what Mom would think if I fucked her younger sister.
Opening our front door, I bumped into Mom standing in the hallway. She had changed out of her dress and wore a tight white blouse tucked into a short, black, pleated skirt. "Wow, Mom. You look like a cheerleader but way sexier. You're the definition of a MILF."
"I have to keep up with your aunt, don't I?"
Changing the conversation, she explained, "I haven't met our client in person. We finalized everything online. She insisted on anonymity, conducting our services in a hotel across town, twenty miles away. We have no time to waste. You'll retrieve the room key at the front desk, and she wants you to go solo. I agreed to her terms, but I'm not letting you go alone. I'll wait in the bar for you in case things go wrong."
I pulled out Lisa's panties and said, "I should leave these here." Seeing her puzzled look, I added, "Lisa wrote her schedule down so we can request her as a server again."
Mom's thoughts rehashed our public exhibition. She lustfully retorted, "On her panties, no less. Maybe we should invite her over to give her a more intimate show." Smiling wide in agreement, I dropped Lisa's panties on the end table and wrapped my arm through Mom's as we walked out to the car.
On the drive to the hotel, I couldn't stop myself from running my hands up and down Mom's bare legs while she drove. Content with feeling her sexy thighs, I didn't venture up far enough to see if she was wearing any panties. Before I knew it, we pulled into the well-lit parking lot. The upscale hotel offered suites, so at least it would be a pleasant room.
Exiting quickly, I dashed to the driver's side to help Mom out of the car. Her skirt rode higher when she shifted her legs, revealing her hairy bush. I grinned wide as It looked like Mom wouldn't ever wear panties again. She held out her hands, inviting me to help her stand up. Once she stood, she hugged me and whispered, "You see anything you like?"
I hoarsely answered, "Damn, Mom. Why don't we rent a room and forget the client?"
"Don't worry, Sam. Tonight's appointment will be the last one for a while. After this, we'll spend a lot of time together. Now let's fulfill our commitment."
We arrived early, so we went to the bar and sat at a table in the back to wait. Mom ordered a glass of wine while we waited for my appointment. Suddenly, she leaned close and whispered, "Don't be obvious but look at the booth next to the bar. She's one of our prior clients. I hope she doesn't recognize me."
Scanning the crowd, I located the couple that Mom pointed out. I never saw their faces, but this lady had such a deep tan that I knew that she was the one after Sharon. She wouldn't notice anyone because her attention was on a guy my age. I silently laughed when I realized they resembled each other.
Whispering back, I said, "I see them, Mom. You don't need to worry. They're not interested in anyone else."
"He looks young enough to be her son. I wonder why she hired us with such a nice young man to service her?" Mom asked.
I replied, "He is her son. I might have initiated that. We kind of shared a mother-son fantasy during our session."
Mom jabbed me in the ribs and giggled, "You're so bad. We should charge more for you providing sex therapy along with your sperm donation."
Looking at her watch, she said, "Okay, Sam. Time for your show." We both rose and held our hands together when she leaned into me and said, "I'll wait for you here. Good luck."
With one of our clients in the bar, I figured Mom wouldn't take a chance and display public affection. Caught off guard, she wrapped her arms around me, hugged me tight, and kissed me as a wife would do with her loving husband.
I reluctantly parted and headed to the front desk. The receptionist greeted me when I provided my last name. She searched the counter for a moment and handed me a paper holder containing a key card. She smiled and commented, "Oh yes. I checked your lovely wife earlier. Have a fun night, Sir."
On my way up to the room, I mentally analyzed the tone and expression of the clerk. She didn't sound sincere, and I wondered how many of their guests were high-priced prostitutes. I swiped the door lock and entered the front room, dimly lit by night lights.
I could see a lighted bedroom off to the side where I assumed the woman would be waiting. I quickly removed my clothes and made my way to the bedroom. A sheet covered the woman in the same manner as Mom's bed. It was evident Mom had given her explicit instructions on the procedure.
I greeted her and assured her I would be slow and gentle. Moving the sheet up to her knees revealed her lower legs. They were the legs of a young woman, firm and toned. I caressed them, telling her how great they felt. When I thought she had relaxed enough, I pushed the sheet up to the tops of her thighs. I stroked her firm thighs, marveling at their beauty.
They were like my mother's but a younger version. I recognized them as Aunt Rachel's. I couldn't believe both of my closest family members thought they could fool me. I had been lusting for her legs for as long as I had Mom's.
Wondering how she discovered our business, I recalled how she used to visit us in the old neighborhood and still had a lot of friends there. My thoughts snapped back to how to proceed. Fulfilling my lustful fantasy of making love to my aunt, I wanted it to be a special session for both of us.
I thought, "Should I do the same as I did to my mother, prolonging the seduction to the end? Will she pretend as my mother did?"
If my aunt wanted to fuck me, she would have to tell me to do it. I wouldn't allow her to act like she was a client for long.
She sucked in a breath of air when I moved the sheet up to her midriff in one fast move. Her beautiful pussy came into view. She was clean-shaven, not one hair on her mound, smooth as glass. I moved up and placed my stiff shaft on the side of her leg while caressing her creamy thighs. Her legs widened, exposing her wet gash. She was anxious for her nephew to fuck her needy slot. I ran my fingers up and down her wet slit and inserted three fingers into her hole.
She was wet and ready. I finger fucked her cavern until she moaned in pleasure. Capturing her clit between my fingers, I rolled the sensitive nub, causing her to move her hips from side to side. She humped up, trying to convince me to complete her fantasy. I moved the head of my prick to her pussy and swirled it around her fat, wet lips. When she humped up to lodge it in her canal, I backed off and kept it from entering.
Now was the time to taunt my beautiful aunt. "Your thighs are so smooth and sexy. I love feeling them," I commented while I massaged and caressed her meaty flesh. "My aunt's legs are like these. I've wanted to touch them for a long time. She's the sexiest woman I know, and I would love to be doing this to her."
She moaned louder and increased the movement of her hips. Her legs couldn't be any further apart, granting me full access. I went back to playing with her pussy while tormenting my sexy aunt. "Your pussy is perfect too. I imagine this is how my aunt's pussy would look. It's begging for my hard prick."
I teased her pussy with my cock, poking in an inch and withdrawing several times before saying, "Your pussy is as hot and tight as a virgin's. I wish my aunt would ask me to fuck her. I want to hear those words. Can you tell me? Can you tell your nephew to fuck you hard?" I stuck my cock head into her pussy several inches and quickly pulled it out, elevating her excited state.
She took hold of the sheet and threw it off the bed, screaming, "Goddammit, Sam. Yes, I want my nephew to fuck me. Quit delaying. Shove your huge prick in your aunt's horny hole!"
Her lustful face conveyed the urgency of her desire to fuck her sister's son. I leaned down and kissed her while sliding my cock into her hot sheath. I lowered my weight on her, locking our mouths together, tongue fucking each other while I sunk the rest of the way into my sexy aunt.
Snaking my hands between our hot, sweaty bodies, I grabbed her meaty breasts and mauled them, twisting her sensitive nipples while I fucked her hard. She pulled her mouth off to gasp for air. Her breasts heaved up and down against my chest, her excitement level rapidly increasing. She was receiving the incestuous fucking she had fantasized about the last several years. I continued my assault on her sensitive breasts while hammering in and out of her drooling pussy.
She panted rapidly and groaned, her pussy filled with more cock than she'd ever experienced. Her pussy walls snapped shut when I pulled my shaft back to her entrance, stretching out again when I forcefully plowed back in.
Before I achieved my orgasm, my aunt's pussy clamped down on my prick when she climaxed. Her contractions continued while I thrust in and out. Several strokes later, she went limp from her quick and intense orgasm. I pulled out and was going to move off when she pulled me down tight as Mom had done.
She held me tight to her body while we gently caressed each other. Mom and her sister were similar in many ways, desiring fleshy, close contact after making love. Melded together with my sexy aunt was a dream come true. I rose to admire her. Scanning up and down her luscious body caused my prick to harden even more. Shifting my eyes up to her beautiful face, our eyes locked together, connecting as lovers.
She smiled wide, marveling, "You knew right away, didn't you? How did you know it was me?"
"I'd know those legs anywhere. I leer at them every time you visit. They're beautiful and sexy. You can't realize how many times I've fantasized about making love to you," I revealed to her.
Raising, she reached out to hold my slick prick that had given her an orgasm. She pushed me over on my back and positioned herself on my legs, stroking my shaft with both of her hands. With a sexy look, she said, "Did one of your fantasies end like this?" She leaned down and licked her juices off my cock. Holding the base, she enveloped the sensitive head in her mouth and cleaned it off with her rough tongue. She lowered her mouth down my pole much further than Mom had done. I felt it hit the back of her throat and was surprised she didn't gag. She pulled back to the top and slammed down again.
It was the best blow job I'd ever received. My aunt's teeth lightly scraped while she pulled up, then slammed back down. She fucked and sucked me with her mouth until my balls filled with cum and were ready to blow. She sensed it and lightly squeezed my balls as she sucked my ejaculating cock. She swallowed every drop of sticky cum and continued to massage my cock after it softened in her hot mouth. She pulled off my limp prick and grinned wide when she crawled up and rested on my body.
She nibbled at my ear and whispered, "Was that one of the fantasies you've had of your horny aunt?"
"Way better than I could have ever dreamed up. You're the sexiest and hottest aunt in town," I sighed, soothingly stroking her smooth back. "You're going to have to request a refund. You paid for a load of sperm deposited in your pussy, not your mouth."
She replied, "Probably better this way. It'd be hard to explain to my big sister how I got knocked up by her horny son."
There was no way she knew I wouldn't come inside her, and she knew who she was going to fuck. I wasn't sure why she made up this story, but her look made me think she wanted me to believe her and not press the issue. Kissing her lightly, I said, "Good thinking, Aunt Rachel."
We were silent for several minutes, enjoying our close contact. My aunt's sexy voice broke the silence, "Sam, I have a late check-out for the room. How would you like to stay and entertain your lonely aunt tonight?"
I wondered what she would think if she knew Mom was waiting down in the bar for me. I had mixed feelings between wanting to stay and fuck my sexy aunt or take Mom home to do the same. Quickly going through the options, I said, "I'd like nothing better, but I have to go home first and let Mom know I won't be staying there tonight. I'll grab some clothes and tell her I'm going to a friend's house."
We kissed several times before she said, "Perfect, Sam. Hurry back." She rolled off and allowed me to exit. I took my time leaving her room, taking in her beauty. She was a younger version of Mom, and I only lusted after my mother more because of the deep emotional ties between a mother and son.
I left her room and joined Mom. Looking over to the booth by the bar, I asked, "Did our client leave?"
Mom replied, "She went to the front desk and received a room key. He met with her at the elevators. They had that look only a mother and son have before they make love."
"You'd recognize that look, that's for sure. I'm happy that it worked out."
Changing subjects, she asked, "How did it go with our client? Any problems?"
I answered, "No, Mom. Everything went fine. It was quite delightful."
Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "She was a fine fuck. She reminded me a lot of you. Her body was as great as yours, also a brunette, but she had dyed her hair blonde. She could have been your sister."
Pausing to let it sink in, I smiled and whispered, "Oh wait, she was your sister. I just fucked Aunt Rachel."
Everyone turned to look at us when Mom let out a loud shriek. Mom's face turned red at the attention. Backing off, I observed her expression turn from surprise to lust. Fumbling in her purse, she pulled out enough cash to pay for her drinks and threw it on the table, hastily rising from the table.
As soon as I rose, she interlocked her arm with mine and pulled me out of the hotel bar. She guided me down the hall to the pool/sauna room. Using my key card, I unlocked the door. No one was present in the pool area, probably out for dinner. Mom opened one of the sauna rooms, finding it empty. She pulled me in, closed the door, and immediately attacked me. She pulled my mouth to hers, kissing me while her hands explored my body.
I ran my hands up and down her back, lowering until I found her skirt waistband and pulled her top out. My hands snuck under her blouse, caressing her slick, bare flesh. I moved my hands up, cupping, squeezing, and mauling her firm breasts. Capturing a nipple with my left hand, my right hand ventured lower to stroke her thigh. I moved my hand to her groin, searching for her exposed pussy.
I grabbed her forest of pussy hair and tugged on it, causing her to pant in my mouth while she ravished me. I stuck three fingers in her steamy cunt and fucked her fast. She was on fire and needed relief. Moving her to the bench, I gently pushed her on her back. Pushing her skirt up to her waist, I lowered my mouth and latched onto her excited pussy.
She yelled in pleasure, pulling my head into her hungry cunt. My tongue fucked her horny hole. Screaming with excitement, she exclaimed, "Oh god, yes. Suck your mother's cunt. I need to cum. Eat your mommy's pussy!"
Continuing to slurp on her hungry snatch, I shoved two fingers to the bottom of her pussy. I finger-fucked her while my mouth captured her engorged clit. Stroking in and out at a furious pace, I sucked her clit into my mouth. After five more strokes, her body stiffened, and her pussy contracted, spilling her cum over her thighs. Slurping her sweet nectar, I cleaned up the majority of her juices.
She sat up to hug me and held her arms tight around me as if she was going to faint. Without saying a word, she released me and tucked in her blouse. Rising off the bench, she held my hand and opened the door to exit. With her face flushed and wet with sweat, you'd think we had the sauna on, but the heat was all from my hot mom.
She didn't stop pulling me until we were out of an exit, ending up in an outside garden area. She filled her lungs with the cool night air, turned to me, and held me by the hips, looking into my eyes. She hoarsely croaked, "Wow. I don't know what came over me. The thought of you fucking Rachel got me so excited. In my mind, I thought it might happen. I've seen the way you look at her, but I thought you would make the advance. I should have known since we've always had the same likes and dislikes."
We walked the hotel grounds like lovers, our sides glued together with our arms tightly wrapped around our waists. She wanted to hear every detail of our incestuous aunt-nephew coupling.
After describing our episode, I stopped walking and held her. "Mom, I'm sorry if you didn't want me to go through with it once I found out it was Rachel, but in our aroused state, we couldn't help it. She had a lot of pent-up lust, much as I've seen in you. You're both so beautiful and sexy that I have no self-control around you two."
Almost crying, she let out her deepest feelings. "Sam, you've released many buried sexual cravings. I don't want you to think I'm some kind of slut, but I love being with you. All I think about now is your wonderful cock in my horny pussy. You can't imagine the joy I get when you stuff me full of your hard prick."
"I feel the same way, Mom. I get excited when I think about being with you. If you want me to tell Rachel I can't make it, I will, and we can go home and enjoy each other tonight."
She quickly replied, "No, honey. I love my sister and know she shares my powerful sexual needs. And you're going to fulfill her desires. We're going to make my sister happy tonight, but not before I come again on my son's wonderful cock."
She pulled out her phone to check the time. "She expects you back in twenty minutes. Let's enjoy the rest of the walk and get you back up there. My sister deserves a good breeding."
Mom's nurturing is one of the many traits that I adored about her. She put taking care of the people she loved above her own personal desires. It solved my dilemma of what to do tonight, but the outcome would be different than the original plan.
Mom wanted to participate in the upcoming sexual romp with my aunt. No surprise there, thinking back on the frantic scene of her making love to Monica and how she became sexually aroused when I told her I fucked her sister.
Stopping us before we arrived back at the hotel, she hugged me tight and locked her beautiful eyes with mine. She confided, "Honey, you can ask for anything you desire, anytime. I'm completely yours to fulfill your wishes. I love you so much." We passionately kissed, sealing our sinful relationship. Regrettably, we released our hug to rendezvous with her sister.
Hopefully, Aunt Rachel's terrific blow-job would help me from coming too fast before satisfying the sexy sisters. Mom guided us back to the hotel and into the elevator with our arms intertwined, acting like a married couple going to their room.
An older couple was in the elevator as we rode up to our floor. The husband was overtly staring at Mom's proud, upright, braless tits with her hard nipples pressed against the thin material. His wife took a deep breath. Mom's cum-smeared thighs filled the confined area with an aroma of sex. Visions of the couple tearing off their clothes and fucking each other from getting aroused entered my mind. Their floor was before ours, and as the door shut, I saw the man grab the woman's ass. They were in for a good time.
After swiping my card, the door clicked open. We entered, and thankfully, the front room was empty. I called out to my aunt to alert her of my arrival. "Honey, I'm home," I announced, hearing my aunt giggle. Mom and I stripped off our clothes. Mom waited in the front room while I paraded into the bedroom with my hardening prick bobbing up and down.
Spreadeagled on the bed with her legs wide apart, I could see she had started without me. Her hands mauled her wet pussy. She huskily proclaimed, "Is that for me? I can't wait to play with it."
I replied, "Why yes, Auntie. It's revived and ready to stretch your tight pussy to its limits. But first, I want to pay you back for what you did earlier."
Looking puzzled, she understood my comment when I lowered my mouth to her open pussy. I licked up and down her puffy lips, cleaning off her juices. She placed her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly to her hungry cunt. I explored the insides of her pussy with my tongue, taking time to lick her sensitive clit. Her breathing was rapid and short while I feasted on her pussy.
When I thought she was near her climax, I rose, pulling her up with me. I hugged her bare body to mine, kissing her. She mauled my mouth with her tongue while we explored each other's bodies. Plopping down on my back, I positioned her to face the headboard and had her lower her pussy to my waiting mouth. I continued my assault on her snatch while her hips writhed, trying to connect my tongue with her sensitive parts.
Moans and groans filled the room from my aunt expressing her pleasure. Feeling a hand surround my prick, I knew Mom had entered the room. I felt the bed move when Mom crawled up my body. Her legs were tight against my sides while she maneuvered to impale herself on my rod. My aunt didn't notice; my tongue assaulting her pussy held her attention. I felt Mom lift my pole, and shortly after, I felt her snug pussy descend my length. She was hot and wet, sinking to the bottom.
She rose and fell down several times, causing the bed to bounce. Aunt Rachel realized something was happening and turned her head to see Mom fucking herself on my prick. Cum poured out of my aunt's convulsing pussy when she climaxed. She screamed, "Oh my god! You're fucking your son!"
Rachel climaxed again, watching her older sister fuck my pole. I swallowed her freely flowing sweet cum.
"Yes. I'm fucking my son, as you did with your nephew an hour ago. Thanks to you, his wonderful cock is slick and hard, filling my pussy full. Turn around and watch while I fuck myself to an orgasm."
My aunt lifted her cleaned pussy off my face, positioning herself above my head. Facing Mom, she watched a horny mother, her sister, fuck her son. Lying still to keep from getting too excited, I allowed Mom to do the work. If I did anything to help, I wouldn't last long, and Mom had stipulated I wasn't to come in her pussy. It was an erotic sight, watching my mother bounce up and down, mashing our hairy mounds together when she bottomed out each time. Nearing her climax, she pulled her sister close. I pushed my aunt's ass, shoving her to Mom, pulling her pussy down to my mouth while Mom kissed Rachel.
They kissed like lovers, groping and pawing their breasts. Aunt Rachel's excitement quickly elevated while I ate her pussy, and Mom assaulted her from the top. Mom broke away long enough to shriek, "I'm cumming on my son's prick. It feels so good." My aunt leaked out a river of juices, witnessing the sinful act of a mother climaxing on her son's cock.
I didn't hump up while Mom's pussy drenched my pole. The copious fluid pouring on my cock helped me stave off my orgasm as there was no friction, only Mom's contractions while she came. She rested on me with my prick fully embedded in her sheath, kissing her sister again. Rising off my saturated pole, Mom flopped down on the bed beside me, her legs wide apart. Mom's pussy gaped open, cum smeared in the forest of pussy hair and engorged lips.
Aunt Rachel stared at my still-hard cock and boomed, "Jesus, he's still hard. Didn't he cum?" Absorbing more information, she screamed, "Your son fucked you bareback! Are you protected, or does he pull out each time?"
Mom replied, "He didn't cum. You two had me so heated that I couldn't hold off my orgasm for him. And yes, he fucks me with his bare, fleshy prick. My pussy has been overflowing with sperm from my horny son. Rachel, come here and look at how my son stretched out his poor mother's cunt."
I helped Rachel up and positioned her between Mom's outstretched legs. I moved behind my aunt, reached up, and massaged her full breasts while she stared at Mom's wanton display. Mom ran her fingers around her pussy and held up a sticky cum covered finger. "Come taste your big sister. Show us how you're as slutty as you look."
Aunt Rachel didn't hesitate and lowered her mouth to Mom's snatch, feasting on her older sister's cum-soaked pussy. She cleaned Mom's hairy mound, ending at her puffy slit.
She hoarsely chuckled, "Melissa, we're going to have to tame this bush of yours. I can see I have to give my sister some trimming lessons." She went back to licking Mom's cunt.
Caressing and stroking my aunt's back and thighs, I moved up and lined my hard cock up with her pussy. Rachel's attention was solely on pleasing my mother, paying no attention to her horny nephew. Without any warning, I slid my rock-hard cock into her tight cunt.
I bottomed out in one quick stroke, tearing through her sensitive pussy walls. She screamed in my mother's gash, wracked with sudden pleasure. I held onto her hips and slammed in and out of my horny aunt while she moaned and sucked on mom's pussy. She gripped Mom's clit in her lips and held it steady while I hammered away.
Mom took a tongue lashing from her sister, heating up fast. She breathed hard and gasped for breath. "Oh god, Rachel. If I knew you could eat pussy like this, I would have enlisted your help long ago. You're showing your slutty self now. Fucking your nephew and eating your sister's pussy at the same time. You're ready to cum again, aren't you? You're sex-starved, and you can't help it."
I moved my hands to my aunt's waist, pulling her body into mine while I assaulted her from behind.
My Mom teased my aunt again. "I am jealous of you, though, baby sister. My son is doggy fucking you. I can only imagine how it feels with his huge prick sawing in and out of your tight box."
Gasping for air while holding onto Mom's clit challenged her, but my aunt managed to hump back to my thrusts.
"Feel his head, Rachel? It's like a large plum shoved in your cunt, right? It stretches your tight pussy each time he shoves it in. Its flared edge scrapes and stretches the walls of your hot snatch. Don't hold back; let yourself go!"
My aunt couldn't move her mouth anymore, keeping it locked onto Mom's clit. Her body shook while she neared another orgasm.
Mom moaned from her sister's actions when she responded to my aunt's previous comment. "I'd like to shave off my bush, but my son gets turned on by a big, hairy pussy. He loves running his fingers through my mound of hair. Sam, think of the first time you stared at your mother nude while fucking your horny aunt."
How did she know I loved her hairy pussy? I couldn't recall commenting on it, but now that she mentioned it, images flashed through my mind when I lifted the sheet revealing her full, bushy pussy. The sight of Monica's beautiful, black bush filled my head. Blood gushed into my already hard prick, expanding it, increasing the friction against my aunt's pussy walls. I slammed in so hard I was afraid my aunt's forward motion might injure Mom's open cunt.
Escalating too quickly, I switched my thoughts to non-sexual topics to keep from cumming. Rachel's body shook while my stiff prick battered her pussy. Her channel exploded and contracted on my cock. I continued to fuck through her convulsions, barely holding off on my orgasm. She sucked on Mom's ravaged cunt when I pulled out of her sloppy canal. Remaining outside my aunt's squeezing snatch allowed me to cool off and not blow my load.
Moving up to Mom, I waved my cum covered cock in front of her face and asked, "Mom, could you clean off your sister's mess." Wasting no time, she gripped it by the base and licked up and down the shaft, drinking in Rachel's cum. Unwilling to tempt fate by putting it in her hot mouth, she licked the outside of my stem, allowing me to cool off. Suddenly she quit licking and let go of my prick when her body tightened and shook, climaxing on her sister's tongue.
Aunt Rachel cleaned Mom's juices from her overworked pussy, exclaiming, "Damn. If that's what a hairy pussy does to your son, I may have to let mine grow out."
Mom was sexually spent, her face expressing a look of contentment and satisfaction. I moved behind Rachel and caressed her back and legs while she recovered. When she rose, I reached out and pulled her off to bring her up to me, holding her tight. Our eyes locked, and I didn't see the same satisfied look as in my mother's eyes.
Lust dominated her facial expression, but something else was missing. There was a hidden pleading for something she dearly desired. Simultaneously, we moved our mouths closer, lightly kissing each other. Our tongues ran against each other's lips while we sensuously connected. We hugged tightly as our kissing increased in intensity.
Our melded bodies trapped my prick. My aunt's fat breasts squished out the sides while hugging me tightly. Our hard nipples meshed together while we twisted and turned our bodies for maximum contact. I ran my hands down her smooth back and cupped her ass. Holding and squeezing her firm buns, our kiss intensified into a lover's kiss.
"Sam, I love being with you. Your manly scent drives me crazy whenever I get close to you," my sexy aunt exclaimed, lifting one leg to my side. I held her thigh with one hand and her ass with my other. She jumped up, locking her other leg around me while holding onto my shoulders. Our bodies smashed together while I lifted her by her ass. Her pussy juices left a slime trail on my stomach while she rose higher.
Her slot was open and above my stiff pole when I lowered her. She sucked on my neck while my prick separated her tight pussy walls. Suddenly I dropped her to the bottom, impaling her on my spear. She locked her mouth on my neck, squealing in delight. She dug her nails into my back while I fucked her. I knew a hickey would appear in the morning from my aunt sucking my flesh.
Mom caught our attention when she said, "Sam, make love to your aunt the way you should. Make love to her as you did me the first time, missionary style. She deserves a proper fucking from my son."
I lowered Rachel on top of the bed, keeping my cock jammed deep in her hairless hole. As I dropped her the final foot and fell on top of her, air rushed out of her lungs. We gently kissed while I stroked in and out, each of us lost in our world of sexual pleasure.
My hands roamed over her smooth skin and ended up on her firm, meaty globes. I squeezed them hard, causing my aunt to moan with pleasure. My fingers sought out and found her stiff nipples. Looking into her lust-filled, green eyes, I twisted her teats while pumping in and out of her hungry cunt. She wrapped her legs around my waist in a scissors lock, increasing the depth of my strokes. She gasped for air and struggled to say something on her mind. She managed to stammer, "Melissa, did you mean it when you said both of you are unprotected when you have sex?"
Mom crawled up close to her ear, ran her tongue around the sensitive outside, and whispered, "Yes, Rachel. I'm going to have his baby, and you are, too. You want one. That's why your tiny-dicked husband left because you wanted a child. He wasn't big enough of a man to make you pregnant, seeking all those other women to assert himself. Let my son fill you with sperm and give you a baby."
Now it came out why she filed for divorce. My suspicions were correct. Fucking her hard now, she had trouble talking but managed to protest, falsely standing by her moral inhibitions. "Yes. I want a child, but your son seems wrong. I don't know if I can go through with it."
Mom quickly retorted, "You can't lie to your sister. You rented this room with the full knowledge it was Sam, and you paid to have him fill your horny pussy with his cum. Don't try to hide it now. Let your true feelings out and enjoy the best fuck you'll ever get."
Rachel's body shook while I rocked her body with my pounding. Relief swept through her face when she let loose and screeched, "You're right, Melissa. I've wanted a baby from your boy for a long time. I've wanted him for years, but I was afraid I'd hurt you. I thought I could do it without you knowing, but I don't care now. Fuck me hard, Sam. Fill me with your seed and make us a baby!"
I captured her mouth again, and we tongue fucked while my hands gripped her ass, helping her humping hips meet my thrusts. My cock slammed against her back wall each stroke, causing hot air to gush from her lungs each time.
She pulled her mouth away to gasp and catch her breath. Her thrashing was uncontrolled and erratic, making it impossible to maintain a smooth stroking. I felt her body tense up and shake. Loud enough for the hotel lobby staff to hear, she screamed, "Oh god! I'm cumming on my nephew's cock. It's so damn good! Fill me with your sperm, Sam. Please!"
I kissed her again, thrusting my expanded prick into her hot snatch. Her pussy contracted hard, preventing me from entering more than halfway. I pulled back out to her entrance and tried again. Her pussy convulsed again, stopping my fleshy ram. As soon as her contraction ended, I shoved hard, allowing my fat head to plow through her clenched walls. My brain signaled my balls to send a load of hot cum up and out the tip. My first glob of baby-batter flooded her cavity, releasing millions of sperm.
Feeling my load of cum fill her starving cunt, her body arched up and shook while she screamed out in intense pleasure. Her pussy contracted harder than the first two times while my prick remained buried to the hilt. I kept pumping load after load into my horny aunt while her clasping pussy milked my spitting snake. Her cavern was filled with so much gooey cum that no amount of pussy contractions would slow me down. I kept fucking her after I dumped my payload, attempting to pack my sperm to the bottom.
Her body went limp when she lowered her legs to the bed. The same content look spread across her face as I had seen on Mom. She whispered, "Thank you, Sam. I am completely satisfied, better than I've felt for a long time."
Her expression of pleading changed to joy and satisfaction. I kissed her and said, "You're going to be a great mother. To ensure you get pregnant, we should repeat this several times, don't you think?"
She giggled and spewed, "Yes. We have to make sure." We gently kissed while I lowered my weight to her and melded as one again. After several minutes of bonding, I rolled over, positioning myself between my favorite two relatives. They rolled onto their sides to face me. Caressing my body, the three of us recovered from the incestuous couplings.
*****
Exhausted, I soon fell asleep. My deep sleep ended three hours later when I woke up with an urgent need to pee. Mom was nearest the bathroom, so I gently moved my leg over her to get off the bed. She was on her side, and my morning wood scraped across her hip while I made my way to the edge of the bed.
She stirred in her sleep, rolling over on her back. Seeing she didn't wake up, I proceeded to the bathroom. I closed the door and briefly considered taking care of my hard-on to relieve myself, but with two sexy women feet away, I wasn't going to use my hand.
Minutes flew by while I waited until I softened enough to drain my bladder. Finding myself dehydrated from the previous night's activities, I gulped down two glasses of water. Turning off the bathroom light, I opened the door to crawl back into bed. I lifted the sheet and straddled Mom to move over to the center.
Her beautiful breasts slowly heaved up and down. Resisting my desire to fondle and suck on her meaty globes, I surveyed the rest of her body. As soon as I caught sight of her mound of fur, my prick filled with blood, rising and scraping across Mom's soft stomach.
Thinking back to our time in the parking lot, she said I could do whatever I wanted. Would she be upset if I spread her legs and sank my stiff prick into her delightful pussy? Looking at her restful face, deep in sleep, I decided I wouldn't wake her up for my enjoyment. I loved her too much. Lowering down, I lightly pressed my mouth to hers. I kissed her gently while inhaling her wonderful scent. My hard cock throbbed, pressed into her soft stomach.
I eased my leg over and laid down flat between them. Mom didn't wake up during my kiss, but stirred in her sleep, turned on her side, and scooted close to me. She moved her leg over mine and draped her arm over my chest while she soundly slept. I quickly drifted off, listening to Mom's steady breathing.
Another three hours of restful sleep lapsed while I dreamed of our incestuous fucking. I relived our recent couplings and the intense pleasure derived from the women I loved. I started to awaken, feeling someone caressing my chest and the blissful erotic feeling of someone humping on top of my prick. Opening my eyes, I watched my beautiful mother's lip close in. She gently kissed me while rubbing her hands over my chest and stomach.
"Good morning. How did you sleep?" Mom rose, allowing me to see it was Rachel fucking herself on my rod. Her ass faced me with her head near my feet. Groaning so loud that she couldn't hear our conversation, it was evident that she had been enjoying my prick for a while. I replied, "I slept well, and hopefully, I can wake up like this every day."
She smiled and explained, "She woke up horny, and I'll have you the rest of the day. I told her to enjoy herself and jump on. Of course, she thinks she gets to drain your hot spunk into her hungry pussy, but your horny mother needs it more than she does."
I could usually last longer when I didn't have to work at it, but Rachel's pussy was bending and twisting my cock, intensifying my excitement. She expertly used my prick to connect with her sensitive spots. Her panting was swift and heavy, nearing her climax. She firmly held my ankles for support while furiously humping up and down my slippery shaft.
Detecting my rise in excitement from my breathing, Mom leaned close to me and whispered, "Hold on. Save your load of cum for your mother. Think of something else while I take care of your aunt."
Reaching out, she snaked her hand around to the back of my dick, coating her fingers with our juices. Rachel yelped when Mom massaged her sister's clit. Her body shook from Mom's squeezing fingers gripped around her sensitive nub.
Rachel stopped her up and down strokes, resting on my groin with my shaft fully stuffed in her snug glove. Enjoying several mini-orgasms from Mom's manipulating fingers, she smashed her face between my legs, gasping for air.
Mom quickly brought her hand to Rachel's ass and ran it through her sister's crack. Positioning her fingers at Rachel's puckered asshole, she pushed three digits in, causing an immediate orgasm and shriek from my aunt with both of her holes filled.
Juices flowed down my shaft when my aunt climaxed. Remaining on my hard prick after her contractions, we stayed connected until her breathing returned to normal. She slowly extracted herself, releasing my hard cock from her wet snatch.
Rachel was sweating and looked tired from the early morning fuck when she fell flat on her back. She revived herself enough to reprimand Mom. "Dammit, Melissa. You caused me to come before I was ready. I wanted your son's cum to fill me."
Mom smiled and snickered, "Sorry, Sis. My pussy is on fire, and my son has the hose to quench it. Don't underestimate a mother's desire for her horny son. I'll reward you, though, for your sacrifice."
She knelt between Rachel's legs and leaned down to latch her mouth onto Rachel's leaking pussy. She licked and cleaned up her sister's nectar, sticking her tongue into her stretched hole, causing Rachel to moan in pleasure, quickly forgiving Mom.
I crawled out of bed and stood by them, watching the sisters enjoy their coupling. While Mom sucked her sister's hot snatch, she elevated her ass, spreading her legs. Positioning myself behind Mom, I remained still, fascinated at the erotic sight.
Mom's long, toned legs framed her hairy pussy and wet gash. An image of Monica in the same position flashed before me while I mentally compared the two women I loved most. I imagined Monica and Mom side by side and made myself a promise to make it happen shortly. Monica had thinner legs and creamier skin, but Mom's firm thighs were sexy in their own right.
Between Mom's lovely legs, I could see her tits swaying while she slurped on Rachel's pussy. I moved close enough to rub my cum-coated cock up and down her thighs. Mom twisted her hips around, spreading her legs wider apart in preparation for the doggy fuck she had been yearning for since I fucked her sister the previous night.
I pulled back far enough to run my hands up to the inside of her thighs to her open pussy. Teasing her outer lips briefly with my slick fingers, I ran my hands back down her thighs. Repeating this process several times elevated Mom's excitement, causing her to hump her hips. Moving up to her firm ass, I massaged and squeezed her cheeks. Spreading them apart, I revealed her puckered asshole above her hairy pussy. I ran my hands back down to her groove and spread my fingers out as I ran through her forest of soft fur.
Closing my fingers, I pulled down and out to open her pussy. Already wet in anticipation, her gaping hole pulsated as if it was milking a cock. Inching near her, I placed my blood-filled head at the mouth of her greedy gash. Her fat pussy lips snapped down on it while she moved her ass back, trying to swallow her son's shaft. I pulled back with her movement allowing only the head to enter. Her hips stopped, and I rewarded her with a few more inches of hard cock.
Her pelvis humped back once again, trying to suck in my shaft. I pulled back until her hips stopped. I slithered my one-eyed snake back in, opening her tight walls. Halfway in, I stopped. She didn't move, moaning with delight while munching on her sister's cunt. Reaching up to hold her waist for leverage, I sunk my cock to the bottom of her tight sheath, stopping when my balls slapped the top of her pussy.
Her lungs emptied while she groaned loudly. She released her mouth from Rachel's pussy, burying her face in her sister's soft stomach while she struggled to breathe. Leaving my shaft buried to the hilt, I moved my hands up her torso feeling her sweaty hot skin. Finding her hanging breasts, I squeezed and mauled her heavy globes while I pulled my coated shaft out to her entrance and forcefully shoved it back to the bottom. My prick split her walls apart when my fat, flared head plowed through her soft folds.
Using her breasts to pull her body back, I plowed into her juicy box. The heat emanating from her quivering pussy was like a blast furnace when I descended each time. She inched up Rachel's body while I pounded her hungry cavern. When Mom rested her face between her sister's breasts, Rachel pushed her ample tits together, halting Mom's forward movement. While I continued to fuck my mother, my fingers found and captured her sensitive nipples. She groaned in pleasure while her pussy and tits sent signals to her brain.
Continuing to pump my steel-hard rod in and out of her tight pussy, I gripped her nipples and pulled them, stretching out her tits. She yelped like a puppy while her pussy shook, experiencing several mini-orgasms. Slick cum flowed around my cock while I fucked her through her minor contractions. Releasing her nipples, I gently caressed her breasts while I slowed my pace, allowing us to recover.
She raspily yelped, "Jesus. You're fucking your mother so good. Your prick feels like it's twice its normal size, stuffed into my horny pussy. I'm going to require more doggy fucking in the future. Keep fucking Mommy!"
Obeying my mother, I increased my pace, ensuring I scraped her sensitive spots in her tight pussy. She latched onto Rachel's engorged nipple. Rachel held Mom's head firmly to her breast while I fucked my beautiful mother. Rachel closed her eyes, enjoying her sister's sucking mouth. Her face reflected her pleasure while participating in the sinful incestuous coupling.
Mom was right, of course; this was the best fuck ever. Her pussy was as tight and hot as her skin. Juices leaked out of her tight snatch, matting our pubic hair, my prick battering her soaked pussy. Loud squishing noises and the slap-slap-slap sounds of my balls against her cunt filled the room.
Traveling down her hot skin, my hands stopped several inches below her swinging breasts. Spreading my fingers out, they sunk between each rib and squeezed tight. I could feel her heart pumping at an elevated rate. Stopping my hip movement, I fucked her by pulling her back and forth, using her ribcage as leverage. Her mini-orgasms didn't satisfy her lustful cravings, her moaning growing louder. Her globes of succulent tit flesh swung back and forth, colliding with Rachel's torso while she attempted to suck milk out of her sister's nipples.
Fearing I was going to bruise her body, holding her so tight, I brought her pelvis back to collide with my groin. Buried to the root, I stopped fucking her to catch my breath and calm down before elevating her to a major orgasm.
Bringing my hands down to her pelvis, I gripped her hip bones. Stroking gently in and out, I admired the view of our coupling. Her curvy body enhanced her beautifully smooth flesh. My prick was white and frothy from our mixed juices. Looking below my coated cock, I noticed Rachel's pussy open and wet, also quivering with excitement. Moving up closer so I could go deeper, I fucked her faster. Changing my pace, I thrust in the first few inches, withdrew, and rapidly thrust back in. I repeated a dozen times, then sunk my cock down to the bottom of her velvety sheath.
Her breathing rate and groans increased while I fucked her at a furious pace. I repeated the short, fast fucking, sinking to the bottom of her starving pussy every dozen strokes. Anticipating when my prick descended, she arched her back to facilitate deeper penetration. Her groaning turned to a whimpering sound when she stopped sucking on her sister's tit, holding her nipple tight between her lips.
Her pussy vibrated and released more pussy juice, anticipating her major orgasm. Stopping my short stroking rotation, I fucked her slow and deep, hitting bottom each time. Even with her cavern full of lubricating sex juices, her pussy wrapped tight around my stiff prick each time it sank into her depths.
Halting my movement, I held her steady. My hard prick was firmly buried deep in her snug pussy. A feeling of empowerment swept through me. She wouldn't thrust back because of my earlier teasing. She didn't want to take the chance I'd pull out my cock, giving her so much pleasure. Less than a week ago, she was in total control as my mom. Now she was obeying her son like a sex slave.
During the pause, Mom murmured, "Please, Sam. Fuck me to a climax. Don't tease me anymore. I want to feel your hot sperm fill my pussy. I'm going to cum on your big cock pretty soon, regardless. Please be kind to your mother and flood my cunt with your cum."
Rachel piped, "Yes. My nipples can't take much more. Please fuck your mother to an orgasm. Or if you want, you can put it in another willing hole." I looked down to see my sexy aunt flex her hips, looking for a hard prick.
My eyes locked with Rachel's while I reached down and jammed three fingers deep in her wet cunt, stroking in and out as she bucked with excitement. I answered, "Sorry, Rachel. This load is for my sexy mother." I pulled my fingers out and held Mom again.
Feeling remorseful about teasing Mom earlier, I slowly pulled my shaft out to the entrance of her pussy. I swiped my head up and down her slit, rubbing it across her sensitive clit. Holding her tight, I popped my prick through her tight puffy outer lips and said, "Mom, it's your turn to fuck me. Show your motherfucking son how much you want him. Fuck me the way you want it!"
Her hips flew back so hard that I barely held myself from falling backward. My hands held tight while she went wild, bucking and fucking her son as hard as she could. Moving her ass up and down while moving to and fro caused my prick to hit areas seldom touched. Releasing Rachel's nipple to catch her breath, her groaning grew louder, using my cock to scrape along her sensitive walls.
Mom fucked me like I was the last man on earth. My breaths were short and rapid while my prick took a beating it hadn't had to endure before. I wanted this to last forever, but hot blood surged into my cock, signaling my approaching orgasm.
I gripped her thighs and timed my strokes with her frantic humping. It wasn't necessary to tell Mom I was ready to come when my prick expanded. Feeling her pussy and body tremble in anticipated excitement, I screeched, "Mom, your pussy is wet and tight. I can't believe I'm fucking my beautiful mother. Don't pass out this time. It'll be our best orgasm ever. I'm filling my mom's pussy with sperm!"
Hearing this, my aunt retorted, "You passed out fucking your son? Wow, you are one horny mother. And you call me a slut. Kiss me, you son-fucking slut."
The two sisters locked their mouths together, fucking each other's mouths. I held Mom tightly and fucked her hard. My helmeted head filled with blood, increasing my difficulty shoving in and out of her tight channel. My balls filled up, and it felt like they were trying to eject my entire reservoir of sperm at once. My shaft tunnel wasn't large enough to allow for that much volume.
My prick enlarged to accommodate the large lake of sperm boiling through it. Mom's spasming pussy continued to contract, attempting to coax out the river of hot cum flowing up my shaft. The large head of my prick felt like it exploded when the first load of hot, baby-batter shot out, bathing her insides.
She screamed in ecstasy when I felt a shock of intense pleasure surging through my prick to the rest of my body. Enjoying the most erotic fuck of my life, I pulled back and pushed in again to release another load of cum. Mom's pussy rapidly contracted tight, enhanced by the feeling of her son's sticky sperm filling her cavity.
Mom's body turned rigid when she released her sister's mouth to gasp for air. Her pussy flooded with cum, facilitating deeper penetration. In case she passed out again, I held her tightly, but thankfully, I heard her groan in pleasure, staying conscious to enjoy our sinful mother-son coupling.
Her pussy milked out every drop of cum from my erupting cock. When she relaxed, I shoved my cock to the bottom, letting it soak in her flooded cavern. I could feel hot fluid coating our genital areas when her cavity couldn't contain the copious amount of cum. Leaning down, I kissed her back while caressing her sides. Mom and Rachel panted, recovering from the intimate mother-son connection. We remained joined together, savoring the post-coital bliss from our erotic fuck.
Starting to soften, I regretted I wouldn't be able to fuck my beautiful mom again. I was the first to break the silence. "Damn. Your pussy is overflowing with cum. I've never blown out that much. We're going to make a mess on the bed."
Mom replied, "Don't worry. I'll clean you, and my sister will be happy to take care of my filled pussy."
Several blobs of cum spilled down on Rachel's bare stomach when I pulled my prick from Mom's cum-filled hole. Turning around, Mom lowered her still dripping pussy to her sister's waiting mouth. I heard Rachel slurping away while she greedily ate our mixed cum. Mom held my shaft by my base and licked up and down my length, expertly cleaning it. She enclosed my sensitive head in her mouth and gently licked it. Traveling down my shaft, she slurped on my balls until our mixed cum was cleaned up.
Looking down, I glimpsed Rachel moving her hips, her pussy leaking juice. Feasting on our cum-cocktail rapidly turned her on. Mom reached down and scraped her fingers across her sister's stomach, capturing our leaked, sticky fluid. Inserting her coated fingers into Rachel's hungry cunt, she moved them in and out, causing Rachel to groan in Mom's pussy.
Removing her fingers, Mom pulled me to her mouth. We sensually kissed while her sister sucked our juices from her pussy. Mom backed off and whispered, "She's ready to come again. Be a good nephew and help your aunt out."
Gladly compiling, I leaned down and stuck three fingers into Rachel's wet hole. I fucked her fast and furious while she bucked her hips to meet my intruding digits. She was already close to her orgasm when I captured her fat clit between my lips and lightly squeezed. Her body shook, climaxing on my fingers and mouth. I replaced my hand with my tongue while I drank her sweet nectar through her climax.
Extracting Mom from her sister, I pulled her up to me. We stood at the bottom of the bed, melding our sweaty bodies together while admiring her sexy, nude sister. We gently kissed with our sweaty bodies pressed together.
Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly while she rested her head next to mine. I felt her hot breath while we enjoyed our sensual post-coital moment. Seeing it was seven in the morning, I whispered, "Mom, it's still early. We don't have to go home, do we?"
Mom replied, "I love you more than you know, and now that my sister has joined in with us, I feel complete. We do have a late checkout, but we girls require our beauty sleep. Cuddle with us."
She pulled me down to the bed, and they resumed their position on either side of me, gently caressing my body while they put their hot legs over mine, trapping me in a pile of sexy familial flesh. Falling into a sound sleep again, I wondered who would be fucking me the next time I woke up.
Three hours later, I was brought out of my sleep when sunlight flooded the room. Someone was caressing my chest, but much to my dismay, no one was enjoying my morning wood. When my eyes opened, I watched Mom return from raising the blinds before crawling back into bed. She kissed me, her hands joining my aunt's, caressing my body.
Mom declared, "Good Morning, again. Hopefully, you slept as well as my sister and me. We're getting ready to leave. Rachel has some errands to do today."
My aunt added, "I wish I didn't have to go. I'd love to stay, but we'll have plenty of time together. The two of us are going to wear you out. We don't want to break our favorite toy." Rachel gently held my semi-hard cock, while Mom rubbed my chest.
Mom replied, "You mean the three of us."
Rachel asked, "Three? Who else?"
Mom replied, "You haven't met your nephew's soon-to-be wife, have you? Her name is Monica, and she's very sexy and charming."
My mind flashed to Monica's body when Mom mentioned her name. My prick filled with blood when visions of our fucking flashed through my mind.
Rachel squeezed my cock while it expanded and exclaimed, "My, she must be some girl by Sam's reaction. I can't wait to meet her and welcome her into our family. Unfortunately, I have to get going. I won't be able to enjoy this until tonight." She stroked my shaft several times before she left the bed and vanished into the bathroom.
I looked at Mom and pleaded, "She doesn't have time, but we do, don't we, Mom?"
Mom smiled and took over, stroking my prick and giggling, "We have to get back home. But first, get in there and help Rachel clean up." Emphasizing her meaning, she firmly gripped my prick, twisted it, and pointed it towards the bathroom.
"After you help your aunt in the shower, we can go home, where you'll clean up your dirty, slutty mother."
I leaned over and kissed Mom while my hand squeezed her nearest breast. I murmured, "You are such a caring sister. I love you, Mom."
The sound of the shower door opening and shutting prompted me to say, "Sounds like it's time for Aunt Rachel to get a thorough scrubbing." I left for the bathroom, my prick swinging back and forth, ready to fuck my beautiful aunt.
Thanks for reading. Continued in Breeding for Mom Pt. 02
