All characters in sexual situations are 18 years of age and older.
*
It was a dark and stormy night (don’t all stories start like this?) Actually, it was a beautiful, moon lit evening and I was naked from the waist down, peering out of my bedroom window and into the bedroom window of the woman that lived in the house next to us. For the past five years or so, since I was just a snotty little teenager, I had jacked off pretty much every night as I stood at my window and watched our beautiful, large breasted neighbour get ready for bed.
Her name is Mrs. Smith, Cynthia Smith actually, and she is a very beautiful older woman. She has huge tits. Really huge tits! Tits so big that I’m sure they are almost as big as my mom’s massive mammaries. I guessed that she is pretty much about the same age as my mom too. I usually got off watching the way she took care of her big tits almost each and every night as she got ready for bed. To be perfectly honest, I have never seen my mom naked nor have I thought of her in a sexual way but come to think of it, I guess that she looks every bit as hot as Mrs. Smith.
For some time now, I had been suspecting that Mrs. Smith knew that I was watching her undress every night. She never really did anything to let on that she knew I was watching, it was just the way her evening ritual started to get a little more elaborate, provocative and somewhat theatrical. She did things that you probably wouldn’t do unless you had an appreciative “audience.” I couldn’t be sure that she knew I was watching her but I had my suspicions.
I, or perhaps we, were very lucky in that the only place that could see into her bedroom at night was from my bedroom. Both our windows had privacy from the street and this meant that we could do our thing without too much worry that we might be seen, interrupted or busted.
When I first started watching her, she just did the normal things you would expect of someone who is getting ready for bed. I would get a brief glimpse of her massive tits just as she slipped out of her bra and turned out the lights. The moment I lived for every night, was when she unhooked her bra and let those big babies hang loose and get some air. They would almost leap out of her big bra and then roll around on her chest for a few seconds before gravity took over completely.
Because my window was higher than hers, I had a pretty good view of her from the waist up as she sat in front of her mirrored dresser. When she sat down, it looked like her huge tits would finally come to rest on her lap. I couldn’t tell for sure if they hung all the way to her lap but it looked pretty darned close.
As she slipped off her bra, she would usually give her tits a quick (too quick) massage. It was if they were itchy or something after being cooped up all day in that massive industrial strength garment. As she massaged them, her fingers would almost disappear into the twin-mountains of soft looking breast flesh and then she would turn out the lights and the show would be over. It was hard to see how big her nipples were because she would sit sideways and the whole show would be over in the matter of just a minute or so. This short glimpse of her big tits however, was more than enough brain candy to fuel my nightly jerk off session even though, by the time I was finally ready to cum, I was staring into a dark window unable to see anything. The “show” would never last long enough that I was able to cum while actually looking at her big tits.
As time went on, she started to take more and more time as she prepared for bed. Lately, “getting ready for bed“ was taking her almost an hour every night and I was finally able to jerk off and cum while actually looking at her big tits. So far, my luck has been holding and lately I’ve been treated to great show after great show.
I have a roll of paper towels stashed under my bed and pretty much every night, I blow one or two massive loads into a couple of paper towels. I learned at an early age that it got terribly messy if I tried to blow my load into anything less than at least two or three layers of heavy-duty paper towel. Jerking off with Kleenex was a joke. When I was much younger, I tried jerking off into some Kleenex and my load blasted right through the stuff and hit the wall. Then I tried using a paper towel with the same messy result. The wall was taking quite a beating! Then I tried jerking off into two or three thickness of paper towel and the same frickin thing happened. What a mess! I finally learned that the secret to success was to leave a gap of about two inches from the end of my dick to the paper towel that was held tightly around the end of my cock by one of my hands. This worked better but was still really messy sometimes because I would usually cum so much that I would fill the end of the paper towel and it would start leaking out. And, sometimes I would get a bit carried away and shove the end of my cock right through the paper towel and blow my load all over the place. I was on a search for something I could blow my load into without worrying about where all my cum would go.
When my cock was much smaller, I would sometimes use a condom and really enjoyed the fact that I didn’t have to worry as much about my load blasting all over the place. It wasn’t too long before I had a hard time (no pun intended) finding condoms large enough to fit my growing penis. It seemed that my cock was getting larger and larger all the time and when I found that I couldn’t roll on an extra large condom without it hurting a bit, I sensed I must be getting pretty darned big. In fact, I was getting more and more embarrassed by the size of the damned thing. After gym class at school, I started to try and have my shower after everyone had left so that I wouldn’t have to put up with the stares and snide comments. I mean, who wants to be called horse cock or donkey boy? I didn’t really know what they meant by that but I knew they thought I was a bit of a freak.
The thought that I just might be a freak of some kind caused enough dread within me that I shunned any attempts by girls at school to get to know me. Some guys thought I was gay because I didn’t date girls. The truth was that I was just too damned embarrassed and the last thing I wanted was to have some girl start to like me and then later reject me when she found out about my “big problem”. Every time I got near a good-looking girl (usually one with big tits) I would pop a boner and have to go jerk off. These oversized balls of mine produce a lot of cum and it seemed that if I didn’t jerk off five or six times a day, it starts to really ache bad down there. I figured that I was in for a pretty lonely life and that the only sex I would ever get would come from the pleasure I got from my own hands. I even sucked myself off a few times but I stopped doing that because it made me feel like a real perv and I told myself that I would only resort to blowing myself if it became obvious that I would never have a girlfriend. Besides, I couldn’t swallow fast enough to handle the massive load of cum and I would always make a huge mess all over the place that took a long time to clean up.
Anyway, that’s enough about my big stupid penis and balls. I should get back to the details of my voyeuristic adventures with Mrs. Smith. Although our windows were only about 20 feet apart and I had a pretty good view of the “action”, I wanted however, to be able to see more, much more. I came up with a plan. Not long after the nightly “show” started to take longer, I pretended to develop an interest in bird watching (well, it was the truth after a fashion) and I asked my mom for a nice pair of binoculars for Christmas. Fortunately, she bought me a set of really good ones with zoom lenses and now, I could not only see Mrs. Smith better, I could see detail that I never knew existed. Now I could tell when Mrs. Smith’s nipples got hard and I could even see the little bumps on her nipples. When I zoomed in, one of her big tits would almost completely fill the field of vision and it was like I was right in the room with her.
As I spied on Mrs. Smith, I would jack off with one hand and hold the binoculars with the other. This didn’t work very well at all. The view got very shaky (if you know what I mean) and I had to put them down when I started to cum so I could use the spare hand to hold some paper towels to help contain the flood of cum. Besides, for years I had developed a two handed technique that was required to properly handle my big stick.
The answer came to me one day as I sat there catching my breath after a massive orgasm. Mrs. Smith had just turned out her light and I when I looked over at the binoculars that had landed on the bed where I tossed them, I noticed a female thread on the bottom. It suddenly dawned on me that it just might be possible to mount the binoculars on a tripod. I dug deep into the back of my closet and sure enough, a tripod for my old camera was there. I quickly set it up and became very excited when I realized that my jerk off sessions might have turned a new corner. Now, it just might be possible to get a clear, steady view of Mrs. Smith and have both hands to mercilessly beat my throbbing meat. Becoming even more innovative, I found that my plastic garbage bucket would fit in between the legs of the tripod and if I leaned it at just the right angle, I was able to pump my loads of cum into it. Sure, it was a bit messy and I had to clean out the bucket all the time but hey, I didn’t have to try and catch my big, sticky load with a stupid paper towel. On balance, it was much better because it was a lot less messy that when the head of my cock pushed its way through the soggy end of the paper towel and I ended up cumming all over the place. Have you ever tried to get a big load of cum out of the carpet? This was much better.
I became excited about test-driving the new arrangement. The very next night I was in business and had a whole new lease on life. Mom had gone to bed. She is a doctor at a research facility and starts her day really early so she always goes to bed early. I was butt naked, the tripod was set up, the ‘cum bucket’ was in place and I was slow stroking my bad boy waiting for Mrs. Smith to come into her bedroom and do her thing. I must have dripped about a half a cup of glistening pre-cum into the bucket by the time she finally turned on her light. Man, was I ready for this!
I was always a little worried that my mom would come into the room and catch me jerking off. Even if she didn’t catch me red handed (so to speak) there was no mistaking the musty odour of sex emanating from the puddle of precum in the bucket. I used a lot of the precum to grease up my cock to make it nice and slippery and when I did that, the smell got even stronger.
As I pondered all of this I was interrupted in my thought when true to form, Mrs. Smith walked over to her dresser and studied herself in the mirror. She leaned her head first one way and then the other as she took off her earrings. She had already undressed somewhere and was now wearing a burgundy coloured, robe that looked like it was made from silk. This particular robe was one of my favourites (I have seen many of them over the years) because it was so short and because it tied at the waist in a way that left no doubt that Mrs. Smith was packing a world-class set of hooters.
I rarely got to see her change out of her street clothes and assumed she must keep her robes and a laundry hamper in the bathroom or something. Whatever the case, it was nice that we could usually cut to the chase and not waste a lot of time getting completely undressed. (Although, I admit there were times when I wished I could watch her undress from the very beginning.)
And so it was that Mrs. Smith continued her nightly ritual. While she still had the robe on, she would turn this way and that with her hands on her hips as she posed like a model and checked out her figure. She would suck in her gut (she had a very small tummy) and cinch the belt on her robe for a minute to make her waist look as small as possible. Or perhaps she did that to make her huge tits look even bigger that they already did. I had no doubt that Mrs. Smith was proud of her big tits and I’m sure she took great pleasure from their size and shape. She cupped her silk covered tits in her hands and hefted them a few times, still turning this way and that way as she examined herself in the mirror. Then came the moment I always looked forward to. She pulled back the top of her robe until it was off her shoulders and leaned her head back to let her long hair fall over her naked shoulders. Her robe was then lowered just low enough that her big nipples were still hidden from view but you could see about a mile and a half of cleavage. She pressed her big boobs together creating even deeper cleavage. Man, all I wanted to do was shove my face deep into that cleavage and bury myself in mountains of soft breast flesh.
My cock got even harder as she started the cleavage thing. Man it felt good to stroke it my cock. Sometimes, I became worried that I would become obsessed with jerking off. It felt so frickin good! I could only imagine what it might feel like to place the shaft of my cock in between her big tits or maybe even stick it into her mouth. I had no idea what a blowjob or a wet pussy would feel like as it surrounded my cock but I was sure that if I ever got a taste of sex for real, I would be forever addicted.
In the theatre of my mind, I could almost hear some sleazy stripper music playing in the background as I watched Mrs. Smith and stroked my big cock up and down. She slowly started to remove her robe. It was still on her arms but the front opened and dropped enough that her tits came into view. Well, most of her tits came into view. Her tits are so fucking huge that the bottom of each massive tit must have been near her tummy. My view through the window only allowed me to see most of her upper body when she was seated but I couldn’t quite see the bottom of her tits.
Then came one of my favourite parts, she untied the belt on her robe and tossed it over the back of a chair leaving her naked, at least from the waist up. Until she stood up, I couldn’t tell if she was wearing panties or nothing at all. There they were! Huge fucking cannons! Fuck me! I hoped I would never get used to the thrill I got whenever those big babies came into view. Man, this woman has a set of major league funbags. She used both hands to cradle and heft her left tit. She kind of massaged it a bit and then lifted it up as high as she could. I loved this part. She scooped up all that tit flesh and brought the big nipple to her lips. She rolled her tongue around the nipple and thanks to the high-powered binoculars, I could see the big nipple start to erect. As soon as it had extended a half an inch or so, she started to softly suck on it.
I wondered how many women could suck their tits as easily as Mrs. Smith could. It made me think about my mom for a second. I’m pretty sure Mom’s tits are even larger than Mrs. Smith’s and I found myself wondering if mom ever gave her tits a tongue bath similar to the one I was witnessing. Before I knew it, I was stroking my cock harder and faster as I thought about my mom’s huge breasts. I chastised myself for a second or two, gave my head a shake to exit the daydream and returned my focus to the live show that Mrs. Smith was putting on.
She “dropped” her left tit and it went crashing down and wobbled around for a second before coming to rest. She picked it up and dropped it again. She must love the way it feels when that much soft flesh goes crashing down. Or maybe, like me, she just liked watching the big orb flop around.
Then, consistent with her nightly ritual, she started the same treatment with her right breast. I loved the part when she sucked the nipple deep into her mouth. She seemed to be sucking really hard tonight because her cheeks caved in when she sucked. I let my imagination run wild and imagined those cheeks caving in like that as she sucked my cock. What if she liked sucking cock as much as she loved sucking her own tits?
I knew the nightly “show” was coming to a close pretty soon so I started to really pump my fat prick. I got that old familiar feeling that signalled the rush of cum from my balls and I got ready to aim it into the bucket.
I didn’t want to tear my eyes away from Mrs. Smith for even a moment and I watched as she placed a hand under each huge breast, cupping them in her hands as best she could, and then lifted them both as high as she could. Her hands pretty much disappeared into the super-pliant soft breast flesh. She was now standing in profile to me and looked straight into the mirror of her dresser. Now that she was standing, I cast my eyes quickly downward and I could see the thin string of her thong as it headed into the crack of her ass.
Returning my gaze to her huge fucking tits, I saw her bounce her boobs a couple of times and let them fall. She seemed to like watching them flop around. I was really into stroking my bad boy now. I was getting close to cumming and was trying to hold off until she got to my favourite part. Here it comes (so to speak). She grabbed both her nipples and pulled on them, softly at first and then harder and harder. She tugged and yanked on her nipples making her big tits flop up and down wildly on her chest. Then she pulled her nipples up and away from her so that she grossly deformed the shape of her tits and turned them into pointed objects, each larger than a football. That was it! My cock was so hard I couldn’t bend it down to aim at the bucket so as I started to cum, I had to hunch over like a hound dog fucking a football and blasted the first volley of hot cum into the bucket. Splat! Well, most of it got into the bucket. It hit the far side of the plastic bucket with a loud splat that was so loud I thought my mom might hear. Shit!
I pumped a few more ropes of thick cum into the bucket and then took another look into the binoculars hoping Mrs. Smith was still there. She was. And then … at the ripe old age of eighteen, I just about had a heart attack. Just as I zoomed in on Mrs. Smith, she turned towards me, lifted a big tit up so she could kiss the nipple, let it drop heavily back to her chest and then did the same to the other tit. This time however, as she kissed, licked and sucked her own nipple, she maintained suction between her nipple and her lips but then, she looked up and I suddenly became aware that she was looking right at me with smiling eyes. The binoculars made it seem as if she was just a couple of feet away and when she looked right at me, I just about lost it. My cock spewed another couple of thick ropes into the wall as I ducked away from her view. I’m not sure why I ducked but duck I did. A simple reflex from being “caught” I suppose.
I didn’t know what to do or think or how to feel. I felt like a dirty little perv for being caught peeping but at the same time, I felt strangely excited. On balance, I was pretty much scared shitless. What if Mrs. Smith told my mom that I was some form of pond scum low life pervert peeping Tom? Shit!
I went into the bathroom, pumped the last few shots of cum out of my cock and took a big piss. I wet a towel and went back into my bedroom to clean up all the cum that had missed the bucket when I had gone berserk. I had to work in the dark because I didn’t want to let Mrs. Smith see my lights on.
After cleaning up my room as best I could, I got into bed and lay there with my mind racing a mile a minute. Did she really know that I was watching? If she did, would she tell my mom? Was I in deep shit? How could I ever look her in the face again? What would mom say and do if she found out?
On the other hand, what if Mrs. Smith knew I was watching and enjoyed the fact? What if she was putting on a show just for me? My cock started to thicken again and before I knew it, I was even hornier than I was before. Shit! I couldn’t help myself and started beating off again. In my mind’s eye, I imagined that Mrs. Smith wanted me to watch her every night and knew I was spanking my bad boy while watching her. I fantasized that she could see my big cock and wanted it. In this daydream (can it be a daydream at night?) she was lifting up her huge tits and asking me to suck her nipples. Just as I began to think about what it might feel like when she put her hand on my hard cock, I blew another huge load into the handy bucket. I must be out of my fucking mind! I grabbed some paper towels and cleaned up as best I could and fell fast asleep.
Thankfully, the next morning my mom was up and gone before I got out of bed and I had some time to do a proper job of cleaning up my room. Let me tell you…cum is a lot harder to clean up when it dries out!
I took the binoculars off the tripod and stashed everything in my closet. I thought that if I had half a brain, I would give the peeping Tom stuff a break for a while. I started to freak myself out as I imagined Mrs. Smith knocking on our door and complaining to mom about my behaviour. Shit!
Thankfully, today was Friday and I had a light load of classes. My day at school went by in a blur and I’m sure I didn’t learn much because I was so preoccupied with my predicament. There wasn’t anything I could do. I just had to wait it out to see what happened and face the music
Friday evening finally arrived and during an abnormally quiet dinner with mom, she asked if anything was wrong. I was really on edge because I thought the doorbell would ring at any moment and Mrs. Smith would be there to tell my mom that I was a dirty little pervert.
“You seem awfully quiet tonight, is something the matter baby?”
“No mom. Everything is fine.”
“You know you can tell me if something is wrong.”
“I know mom, thanks. But really, everything is fine.”
“I’ve just never seen you this quiet before. It looks like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders.”
“Naw. Just the usual growing up stuff I guess.”
“I suppose that if you had a father, this is where he would come in handy, I’m sorry you had to miss out on the good old father and son chats and I’m sorry I never remarried baby. Please be open and honest with me. Just because I’m a woman doesn’t mean I don’t know what a growing boy goes through. Remember, your mom is a doctor and there isn’t much I haven’t seen or heard before.”
“I know mom. I am always really honest with you about pretty much everything. This time though, I am just too embarrassed to talk about it, and maybe a little freaked out.”
Shit! I let it slip that something was bugging me and that maybe something had happened. How was I going to weasel out of this one?
“Nonsense. What a load of rubbish! There isn’t anything you should be so embarrassed about that you can’t tell your good old mom.”
“You’re not ‘old’ mom.”
“You are a charmer, aren’t you? Now, tell your mom what’s got you so embarrassed that you can’t talk about it.”
“I’m not sure where to start.”
“How about from the beginning?”
Maybe, just maybe, this was a chance to get mom on my side. At the very least and with any luck, I would be able to create a believable excuse for my behaviour. I had pretty much convinced myself that Mrs. Smith was going to rat me out to mom. Even if she didn’t, it would feel better to get this off my chest. And, taking a proactive approach to this might be a lot less painful than putting my mom through hell if Mrs. Smith knocked on our door to accuse me of being a scum sucking perv.
“Gee mom, I’m trying to figure out where to start. This is really embarrassing for me so I hope you’ll cut me a bit of slack. I’ve never talked to anyone about personal stuff before and it’s not something that comes easily to me.”
“Well then, I’m not going to rush you. You tell me when you are good and ready. I’ll tell you what, I’ll make you a promise right here and now that I won’t over react or get upset by whatever you tell me. I’ll just pretend you are one of my patients and we’ll deal with this in a professional manner. How’s that sound?”
“It sounds a little weird mom. I mean, you might be a doctor and everything but you’re still my mom.”
“Not for the next little while I’m not young man. For as long as it takes to help you get this thing off your chest, I’ll be Doctor Moore and you’ll be my patient. How does that sound?”
“It still sounds a little weird mom but I’ll give it a try if you want me to.”
“Then that’s what we’ll do. Now you go finish up your homework while I take care of the dishes. When we’re finished, we’ll have a little chat in my office and then maybe we can watch a movie together or something.”
“Sounds great mom, thanks.”
“Now run along and do your homework. I’ll give you a call when I’ve finished up in here.”
“Okay mom. I love you.”
“I love you too baby.”
Thankfully, I didn’t really have much homework tonight. It was just as well because there was no way I was going to be able to concentrate anyway. All I could think about was how much I should tell mom? How should I tell her? What should I say? How would she react if I told her the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Should I tell her about watching Mrs. Smith undress? Should I tell her about my fascination with Mrs. Smith’s big tits? More importantly, should I tell her that Mrs. Smith might have seen me watching her? Shit, fuck, piss! I could be fucked big time here!
Instead of doing my homework, I killed some time in my bedroom by surfing a few porn websites that feature large breasted women. I must have tits on the brain right now. I closed down the web browser and went into one of my personal folders that contained hundreds of jpegs of large breasted beauties that I had copied off some of the big tit websites. It suddenly dawned on me that in addition to all the women having huge tits, the other common denominator in all the pictures I had saved was that the women were older, perhaps in their 30’s or 40’s, about the same age as Mrs. Smith, and my mom for that matter.
Also, I noticed that I seemed to save and collect more pictures in which the big tit “model” was leaning over or bending over in a way that made their huge tits hang down. Man did that turn me on! There was no way I could count the number of times I had blown my load gazing onto the computer’s monitor and fixing my lusty gaze on a pair of big hanging tits. I had to use my (very good) imagination to try and guess what it might feel like to cup and feel a big pair of hanging tits.
Mom called me from down the hall where she kept a home office, “Okay Mike, I’m ready if you are.”
Great, just fucking great! Way to go Mike! Looking at all those big tit shots had given me a giant boner. Fuck!
“Be right there mom.” I yelled back.
I got out of my chair and walked around my room for a minute willing my cock to get soft. Shit! There was a big wet spot on the front of my sweat pants where the clear pre-cum had leaked out of my piss-slit. Fuck! Just fucking perfect!
I quickly got out of the sweat pants, used a paper towel to wipe the glistening fluid off the end of my dick, pumped another dollop of precum out and wiped it off too. I got into a baggy pair of shorts and pulled my oversized Vancouver Canucks hockey jersey down to cover my crotch. My cock was still half-hard but the hockey jersey hid and covered my “problem” up pretty good. I figured that as soon as I got into mom’s office and started yacking with her, I would lose my chubber and everything would be okay.
I walked down the hall and could feel my big dick swinging back and forth under my baggy shorts. Shit, I should have put on some underwear. Too late now! I went into her office and thankfully, mom was focused on some of the paperwork on her desk.
I quickly slid into a chair and arranged my hockey jersey to hide my bulge.
“Hi mom, I guess I’m as ready as I’m ever going to be.”
“Hi baby, why don’t you get us a couple of Cokes and have a seat for a minute. It’ll just take me a few minutes to finish this paperwork off.”
“Sure mom.”
I had to admit, my mom was pretty cool. I was lucky to have her as my mom. Not only did she spoil me rotten, she always made time for me regardless of her busy schedule. And, I had to admit that lately, I had been trying to catch a glimpse of her big breasts because I was dying to satisfy my curiosity about who had the bigger tits, mom or Mrs. Smith. It had never really dawned on me that my mom was a babe. I mean hey, she’s my mom dude. But, ever since I had been trying to check her tits out to see how big they really were, I had begun to notice how fine she is. I wondered why she had never remarried, or even dated for that matter. Granted, she was married to her job and I guess there wouldn’t be much time for dating with the hours she puts in at the clinic. It made me feel a little sorry for her that she was missing out on so much.
Mom snapped me out of my thoughts as she closed a file drawer and sat back to take a swig from the glass of Coke I handed her.
“So, how is my patient?”
“Aw mom, you’re making fun of me.”
“No I’m not. I just thought it might be easier for you to tell me what’s on your mind if you didn’t see me as your mom. Remember, we’re going to role play for awhile.”
“I guess you’re right. So, how does this work Doctor?”
“Well, why don’t you start from the beginning? What’s on your mind Michael?”
Michael? She never calls me Michael. Must be part of the role-play.
“I’m not really sure where to start mom, er Doctor but I have a bit of a problem that seems to have gotten out of hand recently.”
“What kind of problem Michael?”
“Well, it’s kind of a personal problem.”
“That’s all right Michael, after all, I am your Doctor and you should feel comfortable telling me anything. Is this problem a physical problem or something else?”
“I’m not really sure how to answer that. I guess you could say that it’s a physical problem that has turned into a bit of a problem with the way I think about certain things.”
“Well, if it all starts with a physical problem, you are in good hands. So tell me, what kind of physical problem could a strapping young man like you could have? You look perfectly normal to me. Better than normal if you ask me. Most young men would feel lucky to be in the same shape you are in.”
“It’s what you can’t see that is the problem.”
“Oh, I see. Well, I’m sure it’s nothing to be worried about and I’ll bet you are worried over nothing.”
“Gee, I don’t know mom, er Doctor. Ever since I was about twelve or thirteen I have become more and more embarrassed by my body.”
“I think I know where this is going. Are you trying to tell me you are ashamed because you have a what you think is a very small penis?”
“Not really Doctor, it …..”
“Shush. The best way to get to the bottom of this is to have a look. Why don’t you come over here and lower your shorts and let the Doctor have a look.”
“Mom!”
“Don’t ‘mom’ me young man. I am a doctor after all and I have looked after you all of your life. By the end of this little discussion, you and I are going to get to the bottom of this. Remember, over the years I have seen hundreds, probably thousands of naked men and women. You are not going to be able to convince me that you are any different than anybody else. I’ve seen them all son.”
“Geeze mom, I don’t think it would be a good idea if I drop my shorts in front of you. I would probably die of embarrassment.”
“Nonsense, I saw you naked for years when you were growing up. I even bathed you every night when you were small. I’ve seen you naked hundreds of times and I can assure you, there was nothing unusual about your body whenever I looked at it.”
“My body has changed a bit mom.”
“It couldn’t have changed that much, now drop those shorts and let me have a look.”
“Only if you promise that you won’t make fun of me.”
“I take from your reluctance that you have been teased about something. Should I assume that other kids have made fun of you in the past? Is that why you are so shy about your body?”
“Yes mom, that is exactly why.”
“I see. Do you trust me Michael?”
“You know I do mom.”
“Alright then, lets have a look at you and we’ll see what it is that you think is a big problem.” (Bad choice of words mom!)
I was pretty sure mom thought I had an extremely small penis and that having such a small dick was the root of the problem (so to speak). I wasn’t sure what her reaction would be when she saw that being small wasn’t my problem.
“Okay mom, but you have to promise not to make fun of me or laugh or anything.”
“Shame on you for thinking that I would ever laugh at a patient or my own son for heaven’s sake. Now come over here and drop those shorts and let the good doctor have a look.”
I got up and slowly walked over towards where my mom was sitting in her chair. I leaned back and sat on the edge of her desk right in front of her and then just kind of froze up.
“I can’t do it mom.”
“Well then, if you can’t do it, I’ll just have to do it for you then won’t I?”
She tipped her glasses down off the top of her head and put them on properly. I guess to make this more clinical or perhaps just out of habit, she reached over to a side table and snapped on a pair of latex gloves. She lifted my hockey jersey and asked me to hold it out of the way. One thing was for sure. I didn’t have to worry about having a boner right now. My dick had shrivelled to as small as it had ever been. Fear will do that to you. There was so much material from the jersey all bunched up in my hands that thankfully, I couldn’t see what she was doing as I felt her grab the waistband of my shorts.
“This isn’t going to hurt a bit and will be over before you know it. Just trust your mom okay Michael?”
“Okay mom.” I said in a squeaky voice.
She tugged down my shorts very slowly and I knew that my cock would start to come into view any second. I actually closed my eyes out of the embarrassment I was feeling. She tugged my shorts a bit more until part of my cock came into view. Because it was so soft, it just hung straight down between my spread legs.
“Well young man, so far everything looks perfectly normal.”
Then she lowered my shorts some more and I guess more of my cock was coming into view.
“Oh my!”
“What?”
“I’ve got to be honest with you son. Based on the way you were acting, I thought I was going to find that you have a smaller than average penis. I haven’t even finished uncovering your penis yet and from what I can see so far, your penis is not small at all. In fact, you’ve got more flaccid cock, er penis showing already than most men have when they have an erection. As a matter of fact, so far, I’ve uncovered about seven inches of your penis with more to go and it is still very flaccid, er soft. Without going any further, I can tell you that your penis, even when flaccid, I mean soft, is longer and thicker than most men’s penises are when they have an erection. You do get erections don’t you Michael?”
“Um, yes mom.”
“Good. Then lets get this examination over with so we can go watch the movie. I’m going to remove your shorts the rest of the way now and I would like you to step out of them, okay son?”
“Okay mom, you’re the doctor.”
“That’s my boy. Now, here we go. Maybe you should just take off that shirt. It’s just getting in the way.”
I tentatively lifted the shirt over my head and put it down on her desk. I suddenly felt very naked and very exposed. I could now see however, what my mom was up to and as I looked down, I noticed a lot of cleavage as the front of her blouse fell way because she was leaning forward a bit. The site of the top of her lush breasts was beautiful and I had to look away because I was afraid of getting a boner. I don’t care whether she’s my mom or not, tits are tits and she has big creamy ones!”
Mom leaned down to strip my shorts the rest of the way off and in horror, I saw and felt more and more of my cock coming into view. My quick glance at her cleavage had done a little damage and my cock had started to fill out a little bit. Just as the head of my cock came into view, she yanked my shorts down to the floor and the head of my dick kind of popped up a bit and almost hit her in the face. Shit!
Mom had a weird look on her face and I could see a thin line of perspiration forming on her upper lip. Her voice was a little shaky but I could see she was trying to maintain her composure as a professional.
“Okay son, step out of these shorts, spread your legs a bit and let me have a look at you.”
I did as asked and was mortified that my mom was looking right at my cock. No, not looking, staring intently would be more accurate. Thankfully, I didn’t pop a boner. I guess I was still a little freaked out. Maybe a lot freaked out. My cock hung thick and heavy between my legs and although it was still soft, it hung down between my legs like a large salami.
Mom leaned back in her chair a bit and just stared at my cock. All of a sudden she let out a little gasp and said, “Oh my Lord!”
“What wrong mom, what do you see?”
“Michael, there is not a thing wrong with anything I’ve seen so far. In all honesty, I have to tell you that I thought I was going to find that your penis hadn’t grow along with the rest of your body and that you were worried about having a small penis. What I’m looking at isn’t small. In fact, you have the most magnificent, er I mean largest penis I have ever seen. And it is still soft for heaven’s sake. The reason I gasped is because I finally looked past your large penis and got a glimpse of your balls, er I mean testicles and I have to tell you, they are also larger than any I have ever seen.”
“I’m sorry mom.” I didn’t know what to say. “Now you can see why all the guys make fun of me.”
“Believe me, you have nothing to be sorry about young man. If anyone was making fun of you because of the size of your penis, I can assure you it’s because they are envious. I’m going to finish examining you and then you and I are going to have a little chat. Just because you are much larger than normal doesn’t mean there is anything wrong with your equipment. I think the chat we should have will be partly about the good old birds and the bees story but in your case, I am also going to talk to you about the responsibility you have because you are so well endowed. My lord, I just can’t get over how big you are.”
“You mean it’s not really a bad thing to have such a large penis mom?”
“No son, it’s not. I’m sure it won’t be long before you realize just how lucky you are. You have been given a very rare gift and as I mentioned, we are going to have to talk about the responsibilities that go with owning such a big cock, er penis. Sorry, I didn’t mean to be vulgar.”
“It’s okay mom, penis sounds kind of lame. I like the word cock better if it’s okay with you.”
“Yes it is. As a matter of fact, cock is the perfect word when it comes to something that big. You don’t mind if I examine your large testicles too do you son?”
“No, not at all. We’ve gone this far; we might as well do this right, finish up and get this over with. I really appreciate the way you are dealing with this mom, you’re great.”
“Why thank you Michael. Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going to have to lift your cock out of the way so I can get a better look at those huge testicles of yours. Are you okay with that Michael?”
“Sure mom.” Suddenly, I was very okay with it! It would be so cool if mom actually liked my big cock, or at the very least, didn’t think I was a freak. I was still wondering how to move this conversation into a discussion about Mrs. Smith and the fact that I might be called a peeping tom pervert!
“Spread your legs farther apart for me please son.”
I did as asked and as my legs spread apart, I could feel my ball sack start to swing freely. It always felt good to let my big balls swing in the open like that.
Mom gently gripped my cock with one gloved hand and sort of lifted it and swung it to one side. She held it off to the side with one hand and began to cup my balls with the other. I could feel her hand softly squeezing my cock as she held it and felt so good that I was getting worried that I would get a hardon.
“My goodness, each one of your testicles just about fills my entire hand.”
“Is that a bad thing?” I said sounding concerned.
“No Michael, not at all.”
She seemed fascinated by my equipment and she continued to cup first one ball and then the other. She must have gone back and forth a dozen times. She seemed to be weighing them or something and I assumed she was just checking to make sure they were normal.
“Cough for me Michael.”
I did.
“Again please.”
I did.
“Are they okay mom?”
“Um, they seem fine Michael. I was just comparing them to see if they were the same size. I still can’t get over how large they are but other than their size, they seem perfectly normal to me. It must be a bit of a challenge to fit these into your pants, I mean they hang half way down to your knees for heaven’s sake.”
“Actually you’re right, sometimes it is a challenge. In fact, if I’m not careful I can squish them or sit on them, man that hurts.”
“I’ll bet it does. Okay Michael, I’m going to pull on your testicles to test the elasticity of your skin. This shouldn’t hurt. If it does, let me know right away and I will stop.”
“Okay mom.”
Mom grabbed a bunch of loose skin at the base of my testicles and started pulling it gently towards the floor. She would tug a bit and release it and then tug some more. It was starting to feel pretty darned good! When she tugged it, it seemed to stretch the skin on my dick and before I knew it my dick slowly started to get hard. Shit! My cock twitched a bit and slowly started to lift upwards. I began to wonder if this type of test was really necessary or whether mom was just eager to play with my nuts some more.
My dick began to rise even more.
“Um mom, I’m sorry about that. It’s starting to get hard and I can’t help it!”
“Not to worry son, it happens all the time and I’m used to it. It’s a perfectly normal, healthy and natural reaction when your privates are being examined.”
“Are you sure, I mean this is getting pretty darned embarrassing.”
“Nonsense, now just be quiet and let me finish up here.”
This was perfect! I now had my mom’s permission to pop a boner right in front of her and she even told me I didn’t have to worry about it. If I wasn’t so freaked out, I just might start to enjoy this. I was experiencing a series of firsts at the moment. It was the first time a female had ever laid eyes on my cock, the first time anyone other than myself had touched it and I have to admit, I was kind of enjoying the fact that mom seemed rather impressed with my equipment.
My dick, true to form, started filling out and slowly got thicker and longer. I could feel mom tightening her grip on it as it continued to grow. She continued to “examine” my balls and my cock kept getting harder and harder until she couldn’t hold it in the same position anymore.
“I guess I’m going to have to get a better grip on this thing while I complete a thorough examination of your testicles.”
I said nothing.
She let go of my cock for a second to reposition her grip and it leapt out of her hand and stood at about 45 degrees from my body. It was staring her right in the face, just inches away. She calmly took a firm grip on it and held it up against my stomach as she continued feeling my balls.
“Well young man, everything seems to be in order down here, now lets take a closer look at this magnificent cock of yours.”
Did she use the word magnificent to describe my cock? Did she really mean it or was she just trying to make me feel better? She was still seated in her chair and my cock was stretching out right in front of her face with the head just a few inches from her lips. She released the grip she had on my sack with the one hand and used both hands to grasp my cock just below the head in a baseball grip.
“I’m just going to pull a bit of the skin away so I can see the rest of the head of your cock.”
She gently pulled the skin down with both hands and the remainder of the big mushroom shaped head came into full view. Although I am circumcised, there is still a bit of skin that covers part of the head. She looked closely and twisted my cock to and fro as she “examined” the head of my cock from all angles.
“Aside from the unusually large size of your penis, it looks perfectly normal and healthy.”
She tightened the two-handed grip on my penis and started to pump my big cock up and down. A big drop of clear precum appeared. Shit! I snuck another look at mom’s boobs and could see that they seemed to be rising and falling within her blouse at a fairly rapid rate.
“I hope you are okay with this son, but I may as well do a thorough examination while we’re at it. That way, I won’t have to embarrass you some other time soon. Let’s just get this over with and we can go watch that movie together. Sound okay son?”
Does it sound okay! She’s got to be frickin kidding me! For all intents and purposes, my own mom was jacking me off! Man it felt good. This was the first time anyone other than myself had ever touched my cock. I gave my head a shake and became determined to pretend that I was just “enduring” the examination. I felt I needed to put on a convincing act to make sure my mom didn’t think I was getting off on this. To top it all off, when mom started pumping my cock with both hands, the movement of her arms made her big boobs wobble all over the place.
“Ah, ya mom, sure, whatever.”
“That’s my brave little boy. I’m doing this test to ensure that your cock is capable of producing a healthy erection and an adequate amount of pre-ejaculatory fluid.”
In my best impersonation of the village idiot I replied, “What’s that mean mom?”
“Well son, when you become an adult and start to have sexual relations, it will be important for you to produce an adequate supply of pre-ejaculatory fluid, actually it’s more commonly referred to as precum, to ensure that your penis will properly assist in the lubrication of your partner’s sexual organs. Precum is a clear, slippery liquid, produced by the Cowper’s gland, which lubricates the urethra during sexual arousal. It will be especially important for you to produce a great deal of precum because of the size of this monster.”
“Geeze mom, why did you call it a monster? See, that’s exactly why I didn’t want to show it to you.”
“I’m sorry baby. I didn’t mean it like that, quite the opposite in fact. I guess we really should have a more in depth chat about the birds and the bees. (She continued to stroke my cock and precum was now oozing freely and was running down and over her latex covered hands.) I wasn’t sure if she was pretending not to notice that my body produced “an adequate supply of ejaculatory fluid” but whatever the case, she continued to stroke my cock in nice long, slow strokes and I wasn’t about to say anything that might make her stop!
“You see son, as you get a bit older and become more experienced in these matters, you will come to realize that this massive penis of yours will become a very good friend to you and your lucky girlfriends. There are very few men, and therefore women, that will ever experience sexual intercourse that involves the use of a penis of this size. You will learn that your massive cock will get a lot of nicknames, just like when I used the word ‘monster’, but believe me when I say that in each and every case, it will be meant as a compliment and something you should be very proud of.”
“Really?”
“Really. Whether you know it or not, you have been given a very wonderful gift.”
“I hope you’re right mom.”
“Oh I’m right all right young man, trust me. Okay buster, I should pay attention to what I’m doing here for a minute. As you can see, you are producing a good quantity of precum. I’m going to stimulate your testicles to see if we can make you produce even more precum. Are you okay with that son?”
“Um, sure mom. I think we should do whatever you think we need to do to make sure everything is okay down there.”
“That’s my boy.” With that, she released her one hand from my cock and tried to cup my ball sack. There was no way they would fit into her hand and they spilled over on either side of her hand. She rolled my balls around in her fingers and stared intently at the head of my cock that was almost gushing out a flood of precum by now.
“My goodness, when I try to stroke your cock with just one of my little hands, I can’t even reach around the shaft of your cock to stroke it properly. There’s no way to stroke your cock and stimulate your testicles at the same time. I’m not sure what to do? Actually, I suppose anyone could see that your body is making more that enough precum. Perhaps I’ll let common sense prevail on this occasion. Now all we have to do is test the quality.”
“Quality? How do we do that mom?”
“Good question son. I won’t be able to do a proper test without the lab equipment I have at the clinic. I think there’s a way I can test it but I’m not sure you would approve.”
“Mom, I would approve of anything you did. You’re the best.” What a suckhole I am. Shit, I would approve of it even if she wanted to stick pins in my eyes as long as she kept stroking my cock like this. She had both hands back on my cock again and was back to those firm, delicious, slow, long strokes.)
“Well son, precum is made up of some pretty basic elements and I should be able to tell if everything is okay providing the saline content is what it should be. Saline is basically just salt so if I were to have a small taste of your precum, and it tasted a little bit salty, we could be pretty sure that everything is pretty much normal and that there is nothing to worry about. I would never dream of doing this in a clinical setting but you are my son after all, and if you don’t think it’s too gross, I’ll just taste it for you. Would that be okay with you?”
“Um, sure mom, whatever you say.” At this point, even as inexperienced as I am, I knew mom was up to something and that she was now making things up as she went. All I knew is that I didn’t care and I would do anything to have her continue. If she wanted to prolong her contact with my cock, it was perfectly fine with me.
I don’t think we had made eye contact for the last five minutes. She had been staring at the head of my cock the whole time she was talking to me and every once in a while she would pause to lick her full lips. As she stroked my cock, she involuntarily crept forward slowly until the head of my cock was only a few inches away from her face.
“That’s my boy.”
She took one of her hands (that was already soaked in precum) and used the end of her index finger to scoop up the precum that was oozing out of my piss slit. She brought it to her nose and smelled it (Weird?) Her eyes closed and she slowly placed her finger into her mouth. She sucked her finger like she would if she was trying to get the last bit of meat off a chicken bone and kind of hummed or moaned a bit, almost as if she was enjoying her favourite flavour of ice cream.
“Well mom, does it taste okay?”
“It tastes delicious, er, I mean it seems to taste normal to me but I think I might need to examine just a little bit more.”
She put both hands back onto the shaft of my cock and with a very hard upstroke, caused a big dollop of precum to form on the head of my cock. Then she really freaked me out.
“Sweetheart, would it gross you out if I just licked it off your penis rather than scooped it up with my fingers?”
“Um, no mom, that would be fine.” (No shit Sherlock!)
And lick it she did! She first tried to take a stab at it with her tongue but I guess it didn’t work very well because before I knew it, she had the head of my cock in her mouth and gave it a quick hard suck during which I could feel her tongue take a fast lap around the head of my cock and dip into my piss slit.
She continued to stare at my cock as she tasted the precum, much like I had seen people do when they taste wine. I still hadn’t made eye contact with mom and it was almost as if I didn’t exist. It was just her and the big cock she was holding onto.
“Well mom, what do you think?”
She suddenly seemed to get quite embarrassed and much to my disappointment, she released her grip on my cock as if it was too hot to touch.
“Um, er, ah, well Michael, I think that this preliminary test indicates that everything seems fine. I guess maybe it’s time for me to share a few things with you about your good, old mother.”
She looked as if she was going to start to cry and said in a very shaky voice, “Under the circumstances, I think I should let you know what’s just happened here.”
“What do you mean mom?”
“Well, you see, um, well…”
“Just spit it out mom. You can tell me anything … I love you, ya know.”
“I love you too baby.”
“I’ve got to be honest with you Michael. What I just did was completely inappropriate and I am terribly ashamed of myself.”
“What do you mean mom?”
“I started out just wanting to help you with your problem, I really did, and I will…somehow! I started off to do just that but, when I saw your massive cock and your huge balls, I just lost it. I totally lost it. Please forgive me baby. I became mesmerized by your cock. I’ve been without a man ever since your father passed away. And I mean completely without a man. I haven’t even been on a date since you were practically in diapers. I just threw myself into my work and tried not to think about sex or anything.
You probably wouldn’t know it to look at me but when I was much younger, I used to be a sexy little thing. Gosh, how I loved sex. Your father turned me into to a “size” queen (she said as she looked at my cock) and although he had the biggest cock I had ever seen, yours is even bigger. I guess I really didn’t realize just how much I missed our sex life. When I saw your magnificent cock, I just couldn’t help myself and reverted into a sex starved cum hungry slut. Please forgive me Michael.”
“Wow mom. I’ve never heard you talk like that before. What do you mean when you say you reverted into a cum slut?”
“Like I said Michael, your father and I enjoyed a wonderful sex life and over a period of time, I developed certain sexual preferences and tendencies.”
“Like what mom?”
“It probably wouldn’t be appropriate for me to tell you. I’d be too embarrassed and besides, there’s a chance that you might lose respect for me if I told you everything.”
“Wait a minute mom, you’re the one that just told me to be open and honest. Now you’re the one that is going to be tight lipped about personal matters. Come on mom, what’s good for the goose is good for the gander.”
“I suppose you’re right Michael but, I’m still worried that you won’t respect me anymore.”
“That’s nuts! I love you so much. Besides, look at me for fucks sake, I’m sitting here with my cock and balls hanging out and spilling my guts, the least you could do is be open and honest with me too! There isn’t anything you could say that would change the way I feel about you!”
“Are you sure you really want to hear this Michael?”
“Yes mom, please! Maybe if we are really honest with each other we won’t have to go around hiding so many secrets and stuff.”
“Okay young man. You asked for it. If you really want to know about my past and to learn some really personal stuff about your mom, I’m going to tell you. Just don’t say I didn’t warn you and please know that I’m going to be really upset if you lose respect for me.”
“Please tell me mom.”
“When I first started to have sex with your father, I was overwhelmed by the size of his penis. It was very big and he was gentle and knew how to use it to give me pleasure I never even knew existed. I’m sure he would have been just as good a lover if his penis was normal in size but it wasn’t. It was almost as big as yours and he made me fall in love with it. Sometimes, when it came to sex at least, I quietly wondered whom I loved more, your father or his big penis. Michael, I can’t begin to tell you how much pleasure his big hard cock gave me. I started to worship it. I obsessed about it. Eventually, all I wanted to do was to be near that big penis 24 hours a day.
Your father introduced me to all sorts of sexual practices and I worked hard to become very good at them. It wasn’t really all that much work because I loved it so much.”
“What kind of things did you do mom?”
“Well, your father taught me to love oral sex. He was very good and with his help and patience, I became very good at it too. He taught me to take his big cock deep into my throat. He taught me to love his cum. Maybe crave might be a better word. I used to crave his cum. I could think of nothing finer than to have your father blow a big load in my mouth. Sometimes, we’d get carried away and he would get some cum all over my face. I saw myself in the mirror one day after he shot an especially big load all over my face and I loved it! It made me feel so slutty. After that, I had a hard time deciding whether to eat his load or have him blast it all over my face. Usually, we could both. He would shoot his load on my face and I could scoop it up and eat it. It was so good! It was always my favourite dessert you know? Quite often, after we finished our dinner, he would sit back in his favourite chair and let me suck him off for hours. There were many times I can remember sucking his cock while he watched a whole ball game on TV.
“Do you know what an orgasm is Michael?”
“Of course mom.”
“Well, I grew to love having his cock in my mouth so much I could cum myself just by sucking him off. Sometimes, I wouldn’t even get undressed. He would get home from work and I would drop to my knees and suck him until he came in my mouth. When he came, so did I, without even touching myself!”
“Wow mom, that’s hot!”
“It was hot. It got to the point that I needed his cum like a drug. I needed it bad. I would wake him up in the morning with a nice blow job until he fed me his cum, give him another one as soon as he got home from work and then after we went to bed for the night, he would make love to me and then let me suck on his cock all night. There were times when I spent the entire night curled up between his legs softly sucking his big cock.”
“After he passed away, I was so overcome by grief that I didn’t think about cum for a long time. And it wasn’t really until I saw your big cock and balls that all those feeling came flooding back.”
“I’m sorry if I upset you mom.”
“You didn’t upset me baby. I just woke up I guess. I t was like I’ve been asleep since he’s been gone and you just woke me up. That’s why I have to ask you to forgive me and for my sake, try to pretend this never happened. I wasn’t doing a proper examination on you, I made all that up as soon as I saw your cock because my overwhelming need for cum resurfaced. I am so ashamed. Please forgive me.”
“Mom, there’s nothing to forgive. I know how hard it’s been for you since dads been gone. You are everything to me and there isn’t anything you can say or do that would change the way I feel about you.”
With that, I put my arms around her and hugged her close to me. Of course, this meant that her face was near my cock again.
“Mom, can I tell you a secret?”
Of course honey.”
“If I am going to be honest with you, I’ve got to tell you, if you think that you were enjoying touching my cock, you’d be shocked to find out that I was getting ready to blow my load because I was so turned on to have you touch me. I don’t care if you are my mom or not, you are one sexy lady and you turn me on like crazy. If anyone should be apologizing, it should be me. ”
“Why should you apologize Michael?”
“That’s easy, when you were stroking my cock, all I could think about was blowing my load all over your face. I was trying as hard as I could to get a glimpse of those huge tits of yours and they were driving me crazy the way that they were wobbling all over the place when you pumped my dick. Although I’m pretty darned embarrassed to admit it, I loved showing you my big cock and I wanted very much for you to like it.”
“I’m not sure what to say Michael. I’m finding it hard to believe that you could become aroused in any way by these big old boobs of mine. Michael, the most important thing to me right now is to make sure I haven’t ruined our relationship. It would kill me if what just happened did something to lower your opinion of me as your mother. Besides, you’ve been my best friend for years now and I couldn’t bear it if I screwed that up.”
“Mom, you’ve got nothing to worry about. I love you more than ever and I will always love you, even if you are a large breasted sexy bitch that drives me crazy and makes my cock get hard all the time.”
Mom started to sob and cry and I didn’t know what the heck to do. My cock was not quite as hard as it was before but was still fat and semi-erect and a big drip of precum was leaking out of my piss slip and heading for the floor. I reached out to hug my mom again to comfort her and when I did, her chair rolled even closer to me. She rested her head against one of my thighs as she quietly wept. I looked down at her beautiful face and tried to wipe away her tears when I became hornier than ever. With her head resting on my naked thigh, she was staring right at the gnarly shaft of my cock that was but a few inches away. I couldn’t help react to the sight of my big cock so close to mom’s face and it started to twitch it’s way back to a full on woodie. Mom seemed to be in a bit of a trance and as she wiped the tears from her eyes, she seemed to be watching my cock jerk and buck all on its own as it became more and more erect.
I wasn’t sure what the heck to do so I hugged mom even tighter. This had the effect of pulling her cheek into direct contact with my cock. I just hugged her closer and felt her put her arms around me to hug me back. Her cheek was pushing quite hard into my cock and she moved her head around a bit making my cock throb even more. I couldn’t tear my gaze away from the site of mom’s face pressed against my cock. I noticed that the shaft of my cock ran the entire length of her head. It started below her chin and ran past her hairline.
I tried to comfort her by stroking her hair.
“I love you mom. I’m sorry that I caused you to get so upset. Please stop crying.”
Without moving her face off my cock, she tilted her head a bit so she could look into my eyes and smiled. She closed her eyes and hugged my cock some more with her face. She started to rock back and forth a bit causing her face to slide up and down my cock just a little, almost like she was jerking me off with her face.
We remained like this for several minutes, with her rocking back and forth gently and maintaining pressure on my cock with her face.
“Don’t worry about the tears Michael, they are tears of joy. I’m just so happy that I didn’t screw up our relationship. Did you really mean what you said?”
“About what mom?”
“That you were getting turned on by these big old breasts of mine?”
“Yes, gosh I’m sorry mom. I know it’s wrong for me to feel that way, but I just can’t help it. It was a fascination with big tits like yours that got me into the trouble I’m in now. That’s what I was trying to figure out how to tell you.”
“I really don’t know what you mean. If you’re in some kind of trouble, I want to be there for you. Why don’t you tell me what’s going on and we’ll see if we can fix it?”
“I’m not sure if I can tell you now.”
“Of course you can silly. You can tell me anything. After all, I was honest with you when I told you why I reacted the way I did when I saw this great big cock of yours, and when I told you about my love for sex with your father and how much I’ve missed it for the past several years.”
“I know mom but geeze, I wouldn’t know where to start.”
“Have you ever had sex with a girl?”
“No mom.”
Mom seemed to smile a bit to learn that I was still a virgin.
“Does that mean you are you still a virgin?”
“Um, yes mom.”
“Has any lucky girl ever had a chance to play with this big cock of yours?”
“Um, no mom.”
“Do you mean to tell me that aside from yourself, and now me of course, that no one has ever touched this amazing cock of yours?”
“No mom, I mean Yes mom, I mean, well, no one has ever touched me except for you.”
“So what kind of trouble can you be in? What has happened that makes you think you are in some kind of trouble sweety?”
“I’m afraid it could be pretty serious. I guess it’s a little like when you were obsessed with cum and couldn’t help yourself. I guess you could say that I too have an obsession that may have got me into some serious trouble.”
“Oh my gosh Michael, what happened?”
“Well, for a number of years now, I’ve been watching Mrs. Smith from my bedroom window at night.”
“What do you mean ‘watching’ her Michael?”
“Well, it all started one evening when I was looking out my window and I saw her get naked in her bedroom. Then, almost every night since, I watched her undress as she gets ready for bed.”
“You mean she leaves the blinds open so you can see her when she gets undressed?”
“Yes. Her blinds are not just opened, they’re pulled wide open so that I have a clear view of her.”
“How much can you see?”
“Quite a bit. I could see her play with her big tits and stuff.”
“What do you mean play with her big tits?”
“You know, she has huge tits and would sort of play with them for awhile after she took off her bra and stuff.”
“Play with them how Michael?”
“I don’t know mom. Kind of massage them and kiss them and suck them and stuff.”
‘She kissed her own breasts?”
“Yes mom, she would lift them up to her lips and kiss and suck on her nipples and stuff.”
“Do you mean that you would watch her suck her own nipples?”
“Yes. And, she did it almost every night.”
“My gosh, her breasts must be huge!”
“They’re pretty darned big mom, but maybe not as big as yours. That’s why I went a little crazy when I saw your big tits move around so much when you were stroking my cock, er a, I mean holding me. I think I have developed a thing for huge breasts. I bet you could suck yours if you tried too!”
“I’m not sure about that but why would watching her undress get you into trouble?”
“Because I’m pretty sure that she saw me watching her and I’m afraid she is going to come over here and tell you that I am some kind of peeping tom pervert or something.”
“Based on what you’ve told me, I can hardly blame you for watching her. She could have closed the blinds for heaven’s sake. It drives me a little crazy to think that she sat there and sucked her own tits in plain view of my baby’s bedroom window. As far as I am concerned, you don’t have anything to worry about. I can tell you that I’m not going to be upset because my boy was watching a large breasted slut suck her own tits! As a normal, healthy boy, what are you supposed to do when you see something like that….look away, I don’t think so! Heck, I probably would have watcher her too.”
All this talk was making me real horny. Without realizing it, I was gently rocking and pushing my cock harder against mom’s face.
“Can I ask you a question Michael?”
“Sure mom, anything.”
“What did you do while you watched her?”
“I was afraid you were going to ask that. I um, played with myself.”
“Well, I can’t blame you for that Michael. It’s only natural. I mean after all, you are a growing boy with raging hormones who just happens to have an amazing and huge cock and balls and I think it would be more unnatural if you didn’t play with yourself if you were able to witness a wanton, shameful display like that.”
“Geeze, you’re the best mom. Thanks for being so understanding.”
“I love you Michael.”
“I love you too mom.”
“Tell me Michael, when you play with yourself, do you …you know…cum?”
“Geeze mom, that’s pretty personal, don’t you think?”
“I suppose so but I just want to make sure that everything is okay. I guess I’m just in awe of the fact that my little baby has grown up and jerks off every night. I just wanted to know if you jerked off until you came.”
“Yes mom, when I play with myself, I cum.”
“How much do you cum sweety?”
“Oh, I don’t know, quite a bit I guess, why?”
“I guess it might be my curiosity as much as anything. To be honest, I suppose I was just curious to see if the amount that you cum was the same as when your father blew his load. Your balls are a lot bigger than his were and I’m curious to see, er know if the volume of your cum is proportionate to the size of your big balls.”
“Oh, I guess that makes sense. I really have nothing to compare it to so I don’t really know. I’m not sure what a normal amount would be.”
“How often do you jerk off and blow your load, I mean er, masturbate?”
“Um, usually three or four times a day, sometimes more. If I don’t jerk off a lot, my thing gets hard and stays hard all the time and as you can see, it is pretty difficult to hide this big thing. Not only that, when it gets hard I can’t seem to concentrate on school or anything.”
“Yes, I can understand that. If I hadn’t seen your cock with my own eyes I’d say you were putting me on. Is there anything in particular that makes it get so hard all the time?”
“Well, it usually happens more often if I see a woman with very large breasts, or if I see a lot of cleavage. I just don’t seem to have any control over it and when it gets hard, the only thing that will make it go away is to sneak away somewhere and jerk off until I cum. If I don’t take matters into my own hands, so to speak, I end up walking around with a stiffy all day. It can get really frustrating, sometimes I have to go find a washroom, pull down my pants and jerk off until I cum. Even then, sometimes it won’t go soft so I have to jerk off again. It gets pretty tiring at times because sometimes I have to jerk off for a long time before I cum, especially the second or third time in a row.”
“And when you cum repeatedly, does the amount of cum get much smaller each time.”
“Maybe a little, but that’s the weird thing. It doesn’t seem to matter how many times I cum, when I blow my load there is usually a lot of cum. Sometimes, I think there is a bottomless pit of the stuff inside me somewhere.”
“Oh my! My poor baby! I wonder if there’s anything we can do to help you to deal with your problem?”
“Well if you remember, you just happen to be a doctor. If you don’t know, no one does.”
“Good point son. But the line between doctor and mother is starting to get pretty fuzzy. I have to be honest with you, if I tried to help you with this there are three potential roles that I could play and only two of them are appropriate. I’m worried that if I try to work with you with your problem, I might be tempted to cross the line.”
“I’m kind of confused mom, what the heck did you just say?”
“Oh, I know I’m rambling on like an idiot. The bottom line is that you need help to make sure that big cock of yours doesn’t cause you any more problems and that you can properly manage your need to drain the ejaculate from your testicles on a regular basis.
The three roles I referred to are the roles of your mother; your doctor and the third and most dangerous role could be some kind of crazy cum slut that I’m worried I might become. I’ve got to be completely honest with you. I’m not sure I will be able to control myself if we are going to work together on your problem. I will try and explain why in a minute. Maybe it would be better for me to find someone else you could work together with on your problem.”
“Mom, I don’t think I would feel comfortable dealing with anybody else. What makes you so freaked out?”
“Years ago, when you father and I first got married, I was your typical naïve virgin bride. I had never slept with anyone before and didn’t know anything about sex because of my strict religious upbringing. Your father changed all that. He was much older than me and was very experienced. He taught me pleasures I didn’t even know existed. As I mentioned, he was very well endowed and because I didn’t know any better, I assumed that all men had penises as large as his. That was until your father passed away. I tried dating a few times and out of a desperate sense of longing, I even invited a few of the nicer men into my bed. I tried desperately to regain some of the feelings that I had enjoyed when your father was alive. But it didn’t work. Some of the men I dated were very nice but because they weren’t equipped like your father, I couldn’t seem to get the level of satisfaction I needed. Eventually, I gave up dating and devoted my time to raising you and to my work at the clinic.”
“But that still doesn’t answer why you are so freaked out about helping me.”
“Look what just happened when I got a glimpse of your huge cock. You’re cock is even bigger than your father’s was. As it is, I should be telling you to put that big thing away and put on your pants but instead, I’m sitting her next to you while you are naked and I seem to be unable and unwilling to lose contact with all that cock flesh of yours. Maybe it’s because I’m afraid I won’t ever see it again.”
She playfully grabbed my cock in both hands and pretended to strangle it and then unfortunately, let it go. I hoped that her playfulness would continue.
“Why did you have to have such a big cock? If you had an average penis, this would all be over by now. I just can’t seem to help myself in the presence of such a magnificent hunk of cock meat.”
“Mom!”
“I know, you probably think I should go wash out my mouth with soap. I just can’t help it! Being so near such a magnificent piece of meat is intoxicating and I want nothing more right now that to become a slave to your cock like I did to your father’s big horse cock.”
“What do you mean ‘a slave to my cock’ mom?”
“Just what it sounds like dear. That’s why this will never work. It just wouldn’t be right for you and I to work on your problem together. You might be able to overlook my behaviour of a few minutes ago but you would never be able to forgive me or love me anymore if I became your cock slave.”
“I still don’t understand what you mean by cock slave.”
“Michael, I can’t even tell you without grossing you out. If I told you what it meant to me, you would probably never look at me the same way again.”
“That’s nonsense mom. Aside from being the mom I love so much, you are still my best friend. There isn’t anything you can say or do that could change that.”
“You really are a sweet heart aren’t you? I just can’t tell you how powerful the feeling is. Like I said, it’s like a powerful drug. Even now, I can’t bring myself to get up and move away from you or your cock. I would probably sit here forever or at least as long as you stand there with your big cock hanging out in the open like this.”
“You really do like my big cock, don’t you mom?”
“Yes honey, more than you could ever know.”
“Mom, I respect your wishes and your desire to keep a normal mother and son relationship but I’m going to burst if I don’t do something to relieve the feeling in my balls. Maybe I should just go to my room and jack off. If I don’t do something and do it quickly, it feels like I’m going to burst.”
She looked up into my eyes with a look of concern and said, “This is all my fault. You came in hear to discuss your problem with Mrs. Smith and all I’ve done is talk about me and my problems. I’m sorry for being so selfish.”
“You’re not selfish mom. You’re the best! But I do have to do something because it feels like I’ve got a quart of cum that needs to be pumped out of my dick.”
It was like I had turned on a light switch or something. All my talk about cumming all over the place seemed to send mom over the deep end and she kind of freaked out.
“My poor baby! I’m so sorry honey. Let your naughty mommy take care of that big nasty cock for you. Mommy will empty those big beautiful balls for you and get rid of all that hot nasty cum.”
I hadn’t expected mom’s reaction to be like this but what the fuck! I knew that I very much wanted to find out what it would mean to have mom as “a slave to my cock”. I wasn’t sure what that meant but I was pretty sure that I was going to like it.
Did I have a problem that it was going to be my mom that would be the first of the female persuasion to play with my cock? As if! No frickin way! The more I looked at her, the sexier she became to me. My mom was a pretty hot woman. She’s attractive, has huge tits and more importantly, seems to crave my big cock in a weird way. It couldn’t get much better than this!
Mom kicked the chair away and kneeled down between my legs.
“Okay son, let’s see if your dear old mom remembers how to take care of a nice big juicy cock.”
Mom grabbed my cock in both hands and shoved it up against my stomach. She dipped her head and stuffed her nose into the soft skin under my balls and I could hear her take a big whiff. She let out a little moan and rubbed her lips on the underside of my balls. They were rolling around all over her face and it seemed almost as if she was trying to balance them on her face.
“Oh mom, that feels fantastic!”
“Shhhh. Just be quiet and let your nasty cum hungry mommy take care of you.”
She kind of jacked me off as best she could while continuing to sniff at the underside of my balls. He jerking motion made my balls dance on her face. She started licking my balls and pretty soon they were soaking wet with her saliva. Then, she kind of stretched the skin on my sack and put a bit of a lip lock onto one of my balls. Slowly and gently, she tried to suck the big ball into her mouth.
“Oh my goodness, your balls really are huge. I’m not sure they will fit in mommy’s slutty little mouth.”
She went back at it to give it another try and this time, by right ball popped into her mouth. It almost hurt when it went past her lips. My testicle seemed to fill her entire oral cavity because she seemed to have some difficulty moving her tongue around on the ball while it was in her mouth. She stopped stroking my cock while she figured out how to breathe (mostly through her nose) but before long, was pumping away on my dick again. Carefully, she pulled her head back until the ball plopped out of her mouth. It felt kind of good to have it hanging free again and was a bit cool in the open air thanks to the coating of mom’s saliva.
Moving her head to the other side of my crotch, she repeated the whole thing with my left nut. It felt amazing, especially when she hummed a bit and she cradled my fat testicle on her tongue.
“I’m sorry honey but mommy is getting kind of desperate for a tummy full of your hot, nasty cum.” Would it be all right if mommy sucked you off now baby? Can I please suck your big, hard cock Michael? Please tell mommy it’s okay to suck your massive cock.”
“Um, sure mom, go for it.”
I felt like a proper dork. What kind of answer was that? It was going to take some practice to get good at this. Hopefully, my cock could speak for itself.
“Would my baby do me a favour while I suck his huge, manly cock?”
“Anything mom.”
“Michael, would you please talk dirty to mommy and say nasty things while she sucks you off?”
“What do you mean mom?”
“Um, well, I remember how much it added to my pleasure when your father talked dirty to me when I sucked his cock. I loved it when he made me feel slutty. I want to be a cheap fucking cum slut for your cock Michael. Make me suck you off. Make me do nasty things. Be nasty to me baby.”
“I’m not sure I know how mom! I don’t want to upset you or piss you off. I don’t have any experience with stuff like this and I’ll probably screw it up.”
“Baby, for the next little while, maybe you can pretend that I am that big breasted slut Mrs. Smith that you’ve been jacking off to for so long. Make her yours, only this time, don’t waste all that cum of yours, let her drink it for you. I’ll pretend to be Mrs. Smith and I want you drink your cum and have you make me do nasty things to your cock. Please baby!”
“Is anything off limits mom?”
“What do you mean honey?”
“Can I ask you to do anything?”
“Of course baby, anything you want. After all, Mrs. Smith sounds like a total slut. Now, give Mrs. Smith some thick cock meat and shove that big fucking thing down my throat. Fill my tummy, er I mean Mrs. Smith’s tummy with hot, sticky cum. Talk dirty to her baby”
I had to laugh a little under my breath. This was so preposterous. Who gives a fuck! From the looks of things, I was about to get my very first blowjob!
Clearing my throat and making sure my voice didn’t squeak too much, I gave it my best shot.
“Alright you horny fucking slut, isn’t it about time you sucked this big cock of mine? I know you want it. You’re cunt is probably dripping wet already, isn’t it you fucking whore?”
“Yes Sir, my little cunt is sopping wet for you. I hunger for your cock. Please may I suck your huge cock for you now, please Sir, let me suck your big beautiful cock.”
Funny enough, for the moment at least, I really didn’t see this little sexy package as my mom. She was just a warm, sexy, moist mouth that was about to suck my virgin cock and eat my load. What would it feel like to blow a load in someone’s mouth? I guess I was finally going to find out!
I walked over to the chair that she had pushed out of the way and sat down. I spread my legs as far apart as possible and made sure my big balls were hanging over the edge of the chair. Mom spun around so that she was facing me and crawled between my legs. She looked up at me in eager anticipation and was licking her lips as she looked back and forth from my face to my cock. She was almost whimpering. I could tell that she hadn’t been kidding. She really wanted, no, needed to, suck my cock.
I grabbed my cock in one hand and gave it a slow stroke right in front of her face. A big dollop of precum oozed out the end and ran slowly down the shaft of my cock.
Pointing my cock at her mouth I said, “ Lick that up bitch and make sure you don’t waste any.”
“Oh, yes Sir, it will be my pleasure.”
She dipped her head slowly towards my cock and I watched as her lips softly eased over the head of my dick. She was sort of holding half the head of my cock in her mouth and was sucking and licking at the same time without removing the head of my cock from her mouth. She purred like a kitten and was making a low, moaning sound as she sucked on the fat, spongy head.
“Do you like that my little slut?”
Taking my cock in both hands and removing her mouth off my cock just enough so that she could reply, she said. “Oh yes Sir, I love it, please give me more.”
She used her little hands to pump up another dollop of precum and seemed to take great pleasure from savouring the taste. “Mmmmmm, you taste heavenly Sir.”
I knew that because of my inexperience and heightened state of arousal, there was no way I was going to last very long. In fact, I was surprised that I hadn’t shot off already. I knew though, that when I did cum, it would be the first of many and thanks to my tender age and my ability to produce large volumes of cum, I would be able to give my mom all the cum she could handle. Or, at least I hoped I could. All of a sudden I was overcome by a powerful need to get this first load over with. Man I wanted to cum so bad.
“That’s enough of this fucking around you little slut. I want to blow my load right into your belly so get sucking and I want you to suck hard. Do you understand me?”
“Yes Sir, I will try not to disappoint you.”
With that, she took a two handed grip on the base of my cock and almost brutally started to jack me off. She shoved her mouth down hard on the head of my cock and I watched as her cheeks caved in from the suction she was applying. I knew it wouldn’t take long to cum at this pace. Fuck me it felt good! This was the first time I was going to cum without stroking myself off. This was great! I kind of sat back a bit to watch my sexy mom suck my big cock. It was only then that I started to notice things that had completely escaped me until now.
First of all, my mom’s mouth looked like it was stretched to the limit as it surrounded the shaft of my cock. It was a wonder she could get it in her mouth at all. Secondly, with mom flailing away on my cock like she was, I finally looked past her face and saw that her big tits were swinging back and forth wildly as she pumped my dick to and fro. I became fixated on her tits and was dying to get a better look.
Wait a minute! Mom said I could do anything I wanted. Let’s see if she meant it!
I grabbed my cock and pulled out of mom’s mouth with a loud popping sound.
“Oh no, please Sir, please out it back in my mouth, please let me suck your cock, I need it so badly!”
“In a minute little one. There is something I want you to do for me.”
“Anything Sir, just please let me suck your cock some more. I need your hot cum Sir!”
“Take off your blouse.”
Without giving it a thought and without missing a heartbeat, her fingers flew to her buttons and before I knew it, she was throwing her blouse to one side. Now I could see a deep valley of cleavage and the rounded top half of each large breast as it rose from her bra. Her breath was coming in gulps and her tits rose and fell within her bra. Fuck she’s sexy!
“And now the bra. I want to see your big tits”
“Yes Sir.”
Again, without hesitation, she reached behind her to deal with each of the five hooks that held her bra together. Reaching back like that made her tits stick out even further and as she undid the last hook, she gave a little shake and the bra slipped down a bit. She held each cup and slowly removed the bra until her tits were completely exposed. Wow! They were bigger than Mrs. Smith’s big tits. Way to go mom, I thought proudly! She had her head lowered as if to look at her own tits and lifted her eyes to meet mine.
“Are my breasts to your satisfaction Sir?”
“Oh yes. They are perfect.”
“Are they as nice as the breasts that belong to that fucking slut neighbour of ours?”
“Your tits are amazing and you make her look like a school girl.” (A bit of a lie but what the fuck.) Mom’s face lit up with pride as she held her tits high and proud, one in each hand.
Smiling, she held her big tits firmly, one in each hand and lowered her head to start sucking my cock again.
“Michael, you have no idea how much I love your big, fat cock.” She released the grip she had on her tits and placed both hands around the shaft of my cock, near the base. She started to softly slap her face with my cock and before too long, she was really whacking her face pretty hard with it. Every once in a while she would pop the head of my cock into her mouth and give it a loud suck and then would start smacking her face with it again. She then rubbed her face all over my cock and kissed up and down the shaft. She seemed to focus on the big gnarly blue vein and slid her lips along the length of the vein, sucking softly. Her face was soaking wet with a combination of her saliva and the precum that was flowing freely from my piss-slit and my cock slid back and forth easily across her well lubricated face.
From time to time, she would use both hands to wrap a death grip on the shaft of my cock and pump it like crazy while she sucked on the head. I stared in awe as I watched her huge soft tits wobble and crash around as her arms pumped up and down on my cock.
I wasn’t all that keen to keep up the trash talking and I knew it would take some practice before I got any good at it and began to feet comfortable speaking to my mom in that way. For the most part, I just stayed quiet and watched the show. It was an immense turn-on to watch my own mother making love to my cock. From the signals my nuts were sending me, it wouldn’t be long before I would be blowing my first load all over my mom’s face.
“I need you to cum for me baby. Will you do that for your naughty mommy? Your mommy needs to eat your hot slimy cum baby and I want you to cover my pretty little face with your goo. Please cum for me baby.”
She pointed the head of my dick right at the middle of her face and started jacking me off really hard and really fast. Fuck it felt good, real good! She was squeezing my dick so hard that it almost hurt.
“It won’t be long now you fucking little cum slut. Get ready to eat a big load of hot, juicy boy cum.” (I told you, I’m not very good at this trash talking yet!) “That’s it, pump my big fuck-stick you horny little cunt. You can do better than that! Get your pretty little slut mouth on the end of my fucking dick and suck it while you jack me off you big titted cock whore.”
As much of a rookie as I was, my foul language seemed to be having the desired effect on my mom. She started to go berserk on my cock. It was almost as if she was in some kind of drug induced state and the only thing that existed in her world right now was the big cock onto which she had attached a voracious lip-lock. My only regret was that I couldn’t really see past the top of her head to take a good look at her big tits. I had to tell myself to be patient and not to worry because there would be lots of time to get to know her tits really well. I figured that when it came to my mom, my cock was going to be like having the E-ticket at Disneyland.
My large but youthful balls sent me a signal that they were about to give up the motherload. Mom removed her hands from my cock and placed one under each of her tits. With just the head of my cock in her mouth, she rammed her tits into my balls and cradled my cock between them. They were so soft!
I leaned over as far as I could and took a tit in each hand. She placed both of her hands back onto my cock and started to suck me off like she was possessed, especially when I started to pull on her nipples.
“Pull on my nipples baby Pull the fucking things right off. Pull hard baby!”
I tugged, twisted, pulled and otherwise tortured her poor nipples. I was afraid I might be hurting her but the harder I worked them over, the more she moaned and the harder she sucked.
This was it! The time was near. I was about to blow my first load into someone else’s mouth. My mom’s mouth for fuck’s sake.
I could feel the cum boiling in my loins and looked down at mom’s lips as they stretched over the head of my cock.
“I’m going to cum mom. I’m going to cum into you little mouth. I’m going to give you what you need mommy, a big load of hot cum right from your little boy’s big balls. That’s it, suck harder you little cum slut and get ready to eat the biggest load you ever had.”
All this dirty talk of mine was getting to me too and I felt my knees quiver as the cum raced out of my balls, up the long shaft of my cock and then exploded into the mouth of my loving mother.
My mom went nuts and started moaning like crazy as her mouth quickly filled to capacity. I could see she was trying to swallow fast enough but couldn’t. I think the sheer volume of cum overwhelmed her and she wasn’t prepared to deal with so much of the stuff. She pulled the head of my cock out of her mouth, gasped and swallowed an overflowing mouthful as fast as she could. My cock continued to spew its load all over moms face. Talk about a facial! Before long, mom’s eyes were glued shut and every square inch of her face was covered in thick, creamy cum. What a turn on! Even better, some of it dripped off her face and landed all over her big tits. All the while, mom continued to pump the long, fat shaft of my cock aimed right into her mouth. She was moaning and making mewing sounds like a kitten at a bowl of cream.
She finally chugged back another mouthful and then forcefully shoved her mouth over the end of my cock. I fired off the few remaining shots into her sucking mouth and slumped back, completely drained and wasted into the chair to watch my sexy, cum covered mother. She was sucking so hard her cheeks caved in and she seemed desperate to get everything I had to give. She sucked so hard it almost hurt but there was no way I was going to stop her.
Even though I was kind of wasted, I was so turned on that my cock remained rock hard and when it finally became obvious that my cock had finished spewing cum, she started to soften up the force of her suction but seemed very reluctant to take my cock out of her mouth. Sucking softly now, she took a finger and began scooping the cum out of her eyes and off her face. She would scoop up big dollops of chunky cum, wipe her fingers off on the head of my cock and clean it off by sucking it back into her mouth. Sometimes she would use my cock like a scraper and wipe the cum off her face and then lick it off my cock. Man, she sure seems to love the stuff!
I had no idea if mom might come to her senses and begin to regret what we had just done. Maybe she would regret it and this would be the last time we did this. I could only hope that we had permanently turned a corner in our relationship and that mom was going to be sucking me off a lot from now on. Just the thought of it was enough to keep me hard forever. I could think of much worse things than donating my sperm to such a good cause. Just the thought that I might not have to jerk off any more was getting me pretty excited.
Mom had finally cleaned the cum off her eyes to the point she could open them. She was gazing up at me in what I’d have to describe as a very loving way and was softly and gently nursing on the head of my cock. She removed my cock from her mouth for as long as it took to say, “I love you so much Michael. Thank you for letting me suck your big fat cock and letting me drink down all that yummy cum.”
“I love you too mom. You can suck my cock anytime you want.”
She took my cock out of her mouth again and gave the big spongy head a loud wet kiss, more of a playful smack really, and holding the shaft of my cock against her cheek, she said, “I’m going to go jump in the shower now. I think that we have some things to talk about. To tell you the truth, I’m still very concerned about your opinion of me and I need to know I haven’t completely screwed up our relationship.”
“No worries mom. I’m going to hop in the shower too. I’ll meet you in the TV room and we can sit down and have that chat over another Coke.”
For a moment, I thought about asking to shower with her but didn’t want to rush things. She probably needed some quiet time to think things over before we get together for our little talk.
As I stood under the steaming hot water and showered, my mind was racing a mile a minute. I was really excited about what had just happened with mom and wanted more, much more. In fact, I had to stop myself from jerking off I was so excited. After I let my fantasies run wild for a while, I arrived at a decision to take things slow and let mom make the next move. I just wanted to make sure that she knew I was very okay with what had happened.
I finished my shower and put on a clean t-shirt and a pair of silky running shorts. I wanted to be ready in case mom still had an “appetite”. I grabbed a couple of Cokes, poured them into big glasses full of ice and went into the TV room. Instead of sitting in my usual chair, I plunked myself down on the sofa in hopes mom would sit beside me. I turned on the fireplace trying to set a romantic mood and then switched on the TV.
My plan worked.
Mom came into the room looking more sexy and beautiful than I can ever remember. She actually took my breath away. She had changed into a skimpy, sexy little black teddy that I had never seen before. My horny meter kicked up a couple of notches and I had a feeling that we weren’t finished being naughty for the night. I looked at her hair that was still damp from the shower and thought she was the sexiest woman alive.
She smiled at me and asked if it was okay to join me on the sofa. I simply patted the seat next to me.
Mom came over and instead of sitting down, she immediately curled up and laid down beside me putting her head in my lap. She placed one hand on my thigh and was curled up in a way that made her massive tits spill out over the top of her very revealing teddy.
I was trying to be as cool as possible but could feel my Johnson start to react to all the visual and tactile stimuli mom was subjecting me to.
“Mom, I know we’ve got lots to talk about but I’ve gotta tell you, you’ve got the nicest, biggest set of tits that I’ve ever seen. I’m not sure how long I can sit here this close to you without reaching over to feel you up.”
Mom looked up at me, smiled and even giggled a little. She was watching my cock create a rapidly growing tent in my shorts and was just about to say something and was sliding her hand towards my cock when the front doorbell rang. I pulled back the curtains and took a quick peek out the window and saw that our next-door neighbour Mrs. Cynthia Smith was at the door. Shit!
To be continued…. (If the voting indicates there is a hunger for more of this little tale….and as always, thanks for taking the time to read this, I hope you enjoyed it.)
